Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have announced their daughter Lilibet has been christened – and used the title of ‘Princess’ while doing so. Lilibet, only 21 months old, was christened by the Archbishop of Los Angeles last Friday in an ‘intimate ceremony’ at their home in Montecito, California. Typically, when a royal is christened, it’s held in the chapels of Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle. Sources claimed that the Sussexes invited King Charles, Queen Camilla, Prince William and Kate Middleton – none were said to be in attendance. In their statement today, Harry and Meghan also referred to their daughter with a royal title for the first time. Their spokesperson told People: ‘I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3, by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor.’ Buckingham Palace confirmed that the royal website ‘will now be updated in due course’ to reflect the title change. When Charles became King, it technically made Archie, three, and Lilbet prince and princess under nearly century-old rules set out by King George V. Neither automatically had the titles when they were born because they were the great-grandchildren of the monarch. A spokesman for Charles after Queen Elizabeth’s death said the monarch had pledged to update Archie and Lilbet’s titles on the website ‘as and when we get information’. Around 25 attended Lilbet’s christening, including Meghan’s mother, Doria Ragland, Lilbet’s godfather, Tyler Perry and an unnamed godmother, People magazine reported. Perry, royal insiders claimed, had jetted to Montecito from Atlanta, Georgia, with a 10-person gospel choir that sang Oh, Happy Days and This Little Light of Mine. Afterwards, the attendees came together to celebrate an afternoon of food and dancing. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.