Joseph Quinn has spoken out about the ‘disgusting’ harassment his Stranger Things co-star Grace Van Dien has faced from trolls, saying that the internet can be a ‘very unforgiving place’. When season 4 of the Netflix drama was released last year, fans were introduced to several new characters, including Hellfire Club’s Eddie Munson (Joseph) and cheerleader Chrissy Cunningham (Grace). Eddie and Chrissy struck up an unexpected and sweet connection before the latter’s untimely death at the hands of Vecna, with many viewers saying how much they would have loved to see a relationship develop between the duo. However, others were said to have targeted Grace online with reprehensible comments, which were addressed by Joseph while he was taking part in a live Q&A at Showmasters’ London Comic Con on Saturday March 4. During the event, a fan asked the 29-year-old: ‘I just wanted to ask from the perspective of an actor and a friend and supporter of women, what your thoughts are on the harassment that Grace Van Dien’s received for playing your on-screen love interest?’ ‘It’s so awful,’ he responded, revealing that he had spoken with her about the trolling behaviour that she had encountered. ‘I was talking to her about it. The internet is a very unforgiving place. It’s a place where people can show a lot of support, or where people can rally around hatred and misinformation,’ he said. The A Quiet Place: Day One actor continued: ‘It’s indicative of where we are culturally, just through association she was getting lambasted. It’s disgusting. I don’t know what to say other than it sucks.’ Several Stranger Things fans thanked Joseph for speaking out in support of Grace, with one tweeting: ‘Thank you Joseph Quinn for coming through for Grace Van Dien that is a true friend.’ ‘Joseph Quinn, thank you for sticking up for our girl! We love and appreciate you so much,’ another said, sharing two pictures of the actors out of character together. Someone else uploaded a video compilation of the actors, tweeting: Joseph Quinn says ✨protect Grace with all costs✨.’ ‘Joseph Quinn saying the hate toward grace is disgusting… as he should!’ another stated. During an interview, the Duffer Brothers, who created Stranger Things, admitted that they regretted killing Chrissy off after watching Grace’s performance and her and Joseph’s brilliant chemistry during their scenes. ‘We always have those moments [of “What have we done?”],’ Matt Duffer told TVLine. ‘It’s pretty impressive what Grace was able to do with very, very few scenes, to get people to care like she did.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Grace Van Dien’s representatives for comment. Stranger Things is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Could Eddie return for Stranger Things season 5? Joseph Quinn put on spot by question during London Comic Con Q&A MORE : Eddie Munson-mania still going strong at London Comic Con as Stranger Things star Joseph Quinn sparks mayhem among fans  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 