Gary Lineker will reportedly be given a talking-to by the BBC following a social media post in which he appeared to compare Home Office policy to Nazi Germany. The Match of The Day host will be ‘reminded of his responsibilities on social media’ by the corporation following a tweet reply he sent on Tuesday. The footballer-turned-pundit was blasting the government’s newly announced controversial policy to stop illegal boats carrying migrants from reaching the UK. Lineker commented on a Twitter video put out by Home Secretary Suella Braverman, in which she unveiled government plans to stop migrant boats crossing the Channel. ‘Good heavens, this is beyond awful,’ he wrote. Responding to the sports broadcaster, another Twitter user described his comment as ‘out of order’, adding that it was ‘easy to pontificate when it doesn’t affect you’. Lineker responded: ‘There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. ‘This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?’ His comments were widely condemned by Tory politicians, who urged the BBC to take action. Tory party deputy chairman Lee Anderson, who previously famously claimed people could cook ‘nutritious 30p meals’, wrote: ‘This is just another example of how out of touch these overpaid stars are with the voting public. ‘Instead of lecturing, Mr Lineker should stick to reading out the football scores and flogging crisps.’ A BBC source told The Daily Telegraph: ‘Gary will be spoken to and reminded of his responsibilities on social media.’ A spokesperson for the corporation added: ‘The BBC has social media guidance, which is published. ‘Individuals who work for us are aware of their responsibilities relating to social media. We have appropriate internal processes in place if required.’ Lineker was previously found to have broken the corporation’s impartiality rules last year with a tweet about Liz Truss and the Conservative Party. The 61-year-old shared a tweet with his followers in February 2022 after the then-Foreign Secretary Liz Truss urged people to boycott the Champions League final in Russia. He had asked his followers at the time: ‘And her party will hand back their donations from Russian donors?’ Lineker’s tweet came as Russia began its invasion of Ukraine, prior to Uefa announcing that it was moving the Champions League final away from Saint Petersburg to Paris as a result. His tweet was investigated by the BBC’s Executive Complaints Unit (ECU) which upheld a complaint and said the post ‘did not meet the BBC’s editorial standards on impartiality’. It added that while Lineker is not required to uphold the same high standards of impartiality as the broadcaster’s journalists, he does have an ‘additional responsibility’ as he is considered ‘one of the BBC’s highest profile stars’. Metro.co.uk has contacted a rep for Gary Lineker for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague celebrates ‘successful’ milestone first night away with Bambi in £750-a-night London hotel MORE : Daredevil fans devastated Karen and Foggy actors ‘not returning’ for Disney Plus series after Jon Bernthal reboot news 