Phoebe Bridgers may have not yet addressed her split with Paul Mescal, but she’s continuing to fuel romance rumours with Bo Burnham after the pair were seen together in New York City. The American musician, 28, was reportedly engaged to the Irish Oscar nominee, 27, but their relationship appears to have ended in recent months. Around the same time Phoebe was seen out and about with American comedian Bo, 32, whose Netflix pandemic special Inside was released to critical acclaim in 2021. In December the pair were seen at Kate Berlant’s one-woman comedy show in New York on, with onlookers saying the pair were ‘flirtatious’. Before that there had been several reports of them ‘canoodling’, ‘cuddling’ and ‘making out’ at locations around Los Angeles. Now they’ve been spotted in New York again, this time going on a stroll. Sticking close together, the pair were warding off the cold in puffer jackets, however didn’t seem to be getting too affectionate in front of the cameras. Last month Paul appeared to comment on the end of his relationship. ‘The temptation still exists to be like, “Shut the f*** up. This is my life. This is what’s going on. Or this is what’s going on”,’ he told Vanity Fair. He continued: ‘But moving forward as much as I can, that’s going to be my life that is private. That’s a difficult thing to achieve. But giving strangers an answer about my life doesn’t actually help me.’ While Paul said he tried to ‘drown it out’, at times he was left ‘mad and upset’ about the interest in his relationship status. ‘People are going to write and say things because there’s a certain interest with any person who’s in the public eye in how that person lives their life, and who they’re living up with, and what they’re doing and how they’re going about doing it,’ he continued. ‘And look, a lot of the time people are really kind about their support for me. That’s my predominant experience.’ The actor added that he felt ‘the temptation to say the status of my whatever’, but he didn’t think it was a ‘wise thing to do’. Paul and Phoebe began 2020 after his break-out role in Normal People, after they first met on social media. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Phoebe Bridgers and Bo Burnham for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Phoebe Bridgers posts tribute to father after his death: ‘Rest in peace dad’ MORE : Paul Mescal was only wearing ‘sweaty’ underwear when he met Nicole Kidman  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 