It’s been one year since Hailey Bieber survived a mini stroke, which resulted in her discovering a hole in her heart. The model, 26, ended up in hospital last March after she began experiencing stroke-like symptoms while having having breakfast with husband Justin Bieber, 29. Hailey later explained to her fans that she experienced a ‘really weird sensation’ which travelled from her shoulder, all the way down to her arm and into her fingertips. When Justin asked her if she was ok, Hailey was unable to speak and the right hand side of her face began to droop. The frightening ordeal was caused by a blood clot in her brain, with Hailey now sharing information that could help others in the future. Taking to her Instagram Story – where she boasts 49.4million followers – the Victoria’s Secret beauty marked the anniversary of her health scare and how she learned that she had Patent Foramen Ovale (PFO), a heart condition in which a hole exists between the left and right side of her heart. ‘Can’t believe it’s been one year since I suffered a mini stroke that led to my PFO diagnosis,’ she wrote. She added her YouTube video that was recorded a year ago, explaining how she found out about the condition. ‘Given that it’s the one-year mark from such a life-changing event, I wanted to share all the information I’ve learned about PFO and share resources to donate,’ Hailey continued. She then added a donation link to UCLA Health, who helped with her diagnosis. Hailey went on to post statistics about PFO, including that it is ‘the most congenital heart defect’, affecting ‘20% of all people’. The Rhode founder previously opened up about the psychological consequences of her stroke. Hailey admitted she has since struggled with ‘a little PTSD’ (post-traumatic stress disorder). ‘I struggled with a lot of anxiety after. I struggled with a little bit of PTSD, of just like the fear of maybe it was gonna happen again,’ she said on The Run-Through With Vogue podcast. ‘It was just a feeling that I was, like, I never want to experience that ever again. I mean, it was so terrifying, so jarring, so discombobulating in every single way that you could imagine.’ Hailey added that she still finds it ‘really hard’ to talk about what happened to her, despite wanting to be open so she can ‘help somebody else.’ ‘Even the YouTube video that I had made for my YouTube channel was hard for me,’ she admitted. ‘It brings back the feelings for me of going through that experience. It gets easier, and easier with time to be able to talk about it. ‘I’m just really grateful that I was able to have had amazing doctors, and nurses, and people that helped me get to the bottom of what actually happened.’ And while there’ll always be anxieties for the runway star, Hailey is well aware the situation ‘could’ve been so much worse.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Avril Lavigne and new flame Tyga continue being couple outfit goals during romantic dinner date MORE : Kris Jenner, 67, is the ultimate glam gran as she channels Marilyn Monroe alongside Meghan Trainor in sassy Mother music video  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 