Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have confirmed they have been asked to ‘vacate’ their home in Windsor Castle. Reports today claimed King Charles III told the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to leave Frogmore Cottage a day after Harry’s memoir Spare was released. Harry and Meghan’s spokesperson said this evening that a ‘request’ had been made for the couple to give up their home. The spokesperson said: ‘We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.’ This means the couple will no longer have their last remaining home in the UK. It comes after Omid Scobie, one of the authors behind the Harry and Meghan biography Finding Freedom, claimed the couple were told the home was needed for ‘someone else’. Harry and Meghan’s relationship with the Royal Firm plummeted to an ‘all-time low’ after Harry’s emotional and embittered memoir was released. Writing for Yahoo, Scobie said: ‘It’s news, sources tell me, that has left Harry and Meghan stunned, and at least two members of the Royal Family “appalled”.’ He claimed the Sussexes have until the King’s Coronation in May to leave the home – a ‘clear sign of just how sour relations’ have become. Their belongings will be shipped to their home in Montecito, California, it is understood. It has been reported that the property has been offered to Prince Andrew, the disgraced Duke of York accused of raping a woman three times. Spare was released in January and became the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever. The tell-all memoir was heavily critical of the royals and saw Harry open up about his time in Afghanistan and scuffles with his brother, Prince William. He and Meghan moved away from the monarchy in 2020 as they felt increasingly isolated within Windsor Castle and targeted too frequently by the British press. Since then, Harry said his family have shown little interest in extending an olive branch. In an interview with the Daily Telegraph last month, Harry acknowledged that his family would find it hard to forgive him after he split from royal life. He said: ‘Some of the stuff I’ve put in there, well, they will never forgive me anyway. ‘But the way I see it is, I’m willing to forgive you for everything you’ve done.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.