A heartbroken mum has spoken out after her teenage son was killed by a hit-and-run driver on his first ever night out – just minutes after she took photos of him and proudly uploaded them to Facebook. Liam Simpson was just 18 years old when he was struck down by reckless driver Daniel Beck, and died almost instantly after suffering ‘catastrophic’ injuries from the crash. The collision took place just 15 minutes after loving mum Vicky Simpson, 41,  had proudly taken a picture of her boy, who had just gotten a fresh haircut and was on his way out to celebrate a friend’s 18th birthday. But by the time she had uploaded the picture to Facebook, Liam had already been killed. Vicky, a support worker, had spent the day getting him ready for the night out including taking him to the barbers and cooking his favourite pasta dinner. Beck fled the scene and checked into Arrowe Park Hospital, Merseyside, for treatment on his own injuries, but was found three days later and remanded in custody. In December 2018 he appeared before Mold Crown Court and pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving, driving without a licence and without insurance where he was handed an eight-year jail term. The devastated family have now found out that Beck – who has only served four years behind bars – is being released on licence in December 2022. Mum of five, Vicky, from Holywell, Flintshire, North-East Wales said: ‘Liam was the kindest soul and loved by everyone. ‘We had the best day before he went out – I cooked his favourite tea, spaghetti Bolognese, to make sure he’d lined his stomach. ‘I made sure to get his hair cut and picked out some clothes for him as he mainly had sports clothes. ‘And before he left, I made him stand for some pictures because he looked so lovely. ‘Little did I know those would be the last ever pictures of him. Liam, an avid football fan, had just started playing for Holywell Town F.C, when he was due to go on a night out for his friend Kiran Creedy’s 18th birthday. The young lad was said to be reluctant to go out as he ‘wasn’t much of a drinker’ and had a match on the next day. But after some convincing from mum Vicky and her partner Mike, 38, a bricklayer, Liam decided to join his mates for the night out on 30th September 2017. Vicky said: ‘He’d been reluctant to go because he had a football match the next day but me and my partner, Mike, had convinced him. ‘We wanted him to go have some fun. ‘We’re the kind of family who doesn’t leave a room without saying “I love you” and the last thing he said to me was “I love you, mum, don’t worry about me, I’ll see you in the morning”. ‘I never thought that was the last time I’d see him.’ Liam left the house around 6.30 pm that night and by 6.45 pm he was run down by Beck at a speed between 59 mph to 61 mph on a road with a 30-mph speed limit. Doctors said the teenager suffered devastating injuries and would have been killed instantly. Vicky says her partner caught wind of an incident nearby and set off to investigate, sensing that their son might be involved. He returned home with a police escort shortly afterwards and informed Vicky their son had been killed. The bereaved mother later had to identify his body while 16 weeks pregnant, which she describes as ‘the most horrific thing I have ever had to do.’ She said: ‘That night I laid in Liam’s bed and sobbed all night- I didn’t sleep a wink.’ ‘That day will haunt me forever. I still have flashbacks and will never be able to unsee his lifeless body on that trolley in the morgue. After being informed of Beck’s imminent release. Vicky said: ‘It’s devastating. ‘He was on licence when he killed Liam- what’s stopping him taking another precious life? ‘I had Liam when I was 17 years old, so we had an extremely close bond.’ She added: ‘He always helped me out with his younger brothers, Jack, 21, Max, 15, Jace, 10 and Owen, four. ‘He’s the first thing I think of in the morning and the last thing at night. ‘His memory still lives on in all of us and I’m determined to keep talking about him. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.