Eurovision fans have been desperately trying to get their hands on tickets for the live shows after the sale began today, on Tuesday March 7. However, anyone still trying to bag a seat at the Grand Final through Ticketmaster will be left disappointed, as it has completely sold out. The news was confirmed by the official Eurovision Song Contest Twitter account at 12.36pm, just over half an hour after the sale began. Nonetheless, there are still tickets available for other Eurovision shows at the time of writing – but fans have been warned that ‘demand is high’. As can be expected, the news devastated those who had been waiting anxiously for their turn to get through to buy tickets for the most highly-anticipated part of the song contest. ‘Absolutely gutted, the one year I thought I might actually be able to attend and Ticketmaster ruins it,’ one person tweeted. ‘Couldn’t even join the queue and still can’t. An absolute shambles for ticketing,’ another wrote. Before the sale began, several people claimed that they were unable to access the Ticketmaster site. Making a quip about the British public’s love of a queue, one person tweeted: ‘Trust the British public to make the queue crash on ticket master for Eurovision tickets!’ ‘Why use Ticketmaster the worst website to buy tickets and it crashes,’ another remarked. Earlier this month, the cost of tickets for the live shows was revealed… and fans were raging at the amount of money they were expected to dish out. It was discovered that semi final tickets were due to be priced between £20 and £290, while tickets for the grand final were between £80 and £380. Several people expressed their fury given the ongoing cost of living crisis. ‘Cost of living crisis?? Tickets waaaay more expensive than last year. Ticketmaster booking fees will make tickets min £100 for final. It’s the true fans that suffer. Let’s hope @MayorLpool does more for priced out fans,’ one person exclaimed in response. ‘Someone pls tell me why tickets for the #eurovision final start from £160?? Aren’t we in a cost of living crisis? What’s that paying for?’ another asked. Longtime Eurovision commentator Graham Norton is set to appear as one of the hosts of this year’s event, in addition to his commentating duties. He’ll be joined in the presenting line-up by Britain’s Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon, Ted Lasso star Hannah Waddingham and Ukrainian singer Julia Sanina. Meanwhile, Ukrainian broadcaster Timur Miroshnychenko, who went viral last year for providing commentary for Eurovision from an underground bunker, will take on the role of Eurovision Correspondent in Liverpool. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Scott Mills and UK Eurovision winners hail Ken Bruce as he leaves Radio 2 after 40 years at the BBC MORE : Eurovision Song Contest fans furious as Ticketmaster crashes before sale begins 