A man’s parents waited nearly an hour for paramedics to arrive as their son lay dying in a shopping centre, an inquest heard. Steven and Elaine Bennett watched in agony as first aiders in Meadowfield Shopping Centre, Sheffield, battled to help their son, Mark Bennett, in April last year. But the 38-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene when medics arrived 50 minutes later. Mark, an IT specialist, was taken by his parents for a day out while he was recovering from an foot injury he had sustained 10 days earlier. As they waited outside Boots, Mark called his dad from inside, saying: ‘Dad, come quick, I feel funny.’ Giving evidence at the inquest, Steven Bennett said: ‘I couldn’t see him and the next thing I knew he was in one of the aisles – he had already collapsed. ‘He had staff all around him and they were giving him CPR, the staff were tremendous. Boots staff phoned for a paramedic straight away but were told it could be half an hour. ‘I shook my head in disbelief at that point but they actually took 50 minutes. I always wonder if they had turned up earlier whether they could have saved his life.’ Describing his son, Steven added: ‘He was a very caring character – he had a lot of time for people. He was a very intelligent young man. ‘He was very sensitive and had a lot of empathy for people. He was hard-working and methodical in his thinking. He was a very nice person to know.’ An inquest at Sheffield’s Medico-Legal Centre heard how Mark was earlier struck down with venous thromboembolism (VTE) – more commonly known as blood clots – after a fall at a London Underground station. Coroner Stephen Eccleston heard how on April 4 Mark tripped on some steps at the Tube station and landed ‘awkwardly’, injuring his right foot. A&E doctor Akash Mittal, who treated Mark at London’s Royal Free Hospital, said Mark’s foot showed signs of a fracture and tissue damage. However crucially, it was decided that Mark posed no risk of developing deep vein thrombosis and so blood-thinning drugs were not prescribed. While Mark was recovering at his parents’ home in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, he complained of pain at the back of his leg. He attended the Diana Princess of Wales Hospital, where he was diagnosed with ‘minor swelling’ and recommended a further assessment three weeks later. The inquest was told that during his assessment Mark was scored as posing ‘zero’ risk of developing VTE when measured against a scale known as the Plymouth VTE Risk Score. But Dr Mittal admitted that since news of Mark’s death emerged he had changed his practice, ‘re-emphasising’ the risks that injuries such as Mark’s posed. The inquest continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.