Ana De Armas looked typically stylish when she enjoyed a night out in LA on Saturday. The 34-year-old star, who is nominated for the best actress gong at this year’s Oscars for her turn as Marilyn Monroe in Blonde, channelled the late icon in a slinky, figure-hugging dress. Seemingly inspired by Marilyn’s famous ‘naked’ dress, Ana’s gown offered a modern take on the flesh-coloured, rhinestone-studded frock that Marilyn wore to sing happy birthday to President John F Kennedy in 1962. Ana’s dress was by designer David Koma and featured chic sequin detailing. The Cuban star looked fabulous while posing at LA’s Sunset Tower Hotel. She was joined by the likes of Jessica Henwick, Daniel Bruehl and Guillermo del Toro at the Netflix-hosted bash, which celebrated the streaming giant’s Oscar-nominated movies. While Ana’s take on Marilyn earned her an Oscar nod, Blonde has also received the not-so-prestigious title of worst picture at the 2023 Razzie Awards. The Razzies – aka the Golden Raspberry Award – celebrate the worst films and performances of the year and is not really an accolade you’d want on your acting portfolio. Each year, as actors celebrate their Oscars, Baftas and Golden Globes nominations, they also risk being nominated for the sometimes-controversial Razzie. Earlier this year it was announced that Blonde was leading the pack at the awards with a whopping eight nominations, including for worst picture and worst screenplay, as well as worst director and two nominations for worst screen couple, worst remake/rip-off/sequel, and worst supporting actors. Awards bosses said Blonde was ‘misogynistic, salacious and fallacious’ and ‘shamelessly exploits the memory of the late Marilyn Monroe’. Blonde scooping worst picture, as well as worst screenplay for writer-director Andrew Dominik. Ana, however, avoided any Razzie nominations. Elsewhere, acclaimed actor Tom Hanks cleaned up receiving two Razzies for worst supporting actor and worst screen combo, for himself and ‘his latex face’ in his Elvis role. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Florence Pugh and Olivia Wilde ‘avoid one another’ at star-studded pre-Oscars party MORE : Who was Erin Maroney Fraser? Saturday Night Live pays tribute to late writer after her death aged 53  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 