Antonio Conte remained coy about his future at Tottenham after Spurs were knocked out of the Champions League by AC Milan. Spurs’ struggles continued on Wednesday night as they failed to overturn a first-leg deficit against Italian club Milan. Tottenham once again failed to create clear-cut chances – although Harry Kane almost levelled the tie in injury-time – with AC Milan missing a number of chances to put the fixture to bed. The full-time whistle was met by loud boos from the home supporters, who have not seen their side win a trophy for over 15 years and are still in the dark over Conte’s future. Conte’s contract expires at the end of the season and while Spurs have an option to extend it by another year, the 53-year-old is reportedly eyeing a return to Italy. ‘This is not the right day to speak about my future,’ Conte said after Tottenham’s Champions League exit. ‘I have a contract with Tottenham, Tottenham know very well what are my thoughts. At the end of the season, we will meet and we will make a decision. ‘I think the situation is really clear. One year and three months since I started to be a coach of Tottenham, I always say the same things. ‘We need time because at this moment we don’t have a solid foundation to be competitive, to fight, to win, in my opinion. ‘We tried to work, to understand which are the right players to continue to create a solid foundation and in the transfer market to try to find a resolution to improve the team. ‘But at the moment the club knows very well which are my thoughts and I have a great relationship with my chairman, with Fabio Paratici. But it doesn’t mean I don’t tell them what is my vision. ‘We will see, we have to finish the season. I have a contract until June, I am happy to work in Tottenham, but at the end we make a decision. ‘The club knows very well what is my vision, what are my thoughts about the situation.’ The AC Milan defeat means Tottenham go yet another season without a trophy. They return to Premier League action on Saturday against Nottingham Forest. MORE : Jamie O’Hara calls for ‘negative and boring’ Antonio Conte to leave Tottenham MORE : Thierry Henry tells Harry Kane to leave Tottenham after Champions League exit For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.