Your vision could be hazy as the stars are obscured by a fog of confusion. Aries is advised to hold back on their plans until their head clears, while Gemini could save face by thinking about the impression their actions has on others. Meanwhile, empathic Pisces could get entwined with a crooked character if they rush into being too agreeable without getting to know that person first. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for March 14, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 You could feel very frustrated if your efforts seem mired in a hazy and unfocused fog of confusion. This isn’t the time to initiate anything that involves a lot of detail or money, as the potential for slip-ups is high. With your imagination at a peak, you could channel your skills into creating something outstanding. Plus, meditation and yoga can help ease any tension. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may see the best in people, even if their intentions are not as positive as you think. Under the current skies you won’t see a bad bone in anyone, even if it’s blatantly obvious to others that someone isn’t perfect by any means. It’s best to wait a few days before you start making plans, either for romance or business. You could learn a lot and save yourself some trouble, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 With an emphasis on a high-flying zone, you’ll enjoy being in the spotlight. But due to Neptune’s impact, be careful how you come across to others. It will be easy for people to misunderstand your intentions. You may think you’re impressing them, but you could have the opposite effect. Before you post on social media or make an announcement, be sure you’re hitting the right note. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Finding it hard to decide what you believe? Even the impossible could seem highly likely when viewed through a skewed cosmic lens. You’ll easily come up with good reasons to do something others might think of as madness. If you’re fantasizing about a bold plan, give yourself a few days grace Cancer, and look at it again. You may be glad you didn’t take the plunge after all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Even though you’re often the life and soul of the party, you may not feel like going out today or over coming days. A need for privacy and a chance to reflect could take over, Leo. This won’t stop your friends from trying though. If you need some privacy to slow down and think things through, this is the time. The most important part is resting, so just go with it for now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The idea of being offered a wonderful opportunity, closing a deal or getting started on a big project, can seem great in theory. In practice, a fog of confusion could mar your efforts to get anywhere, and things that should be straightforward may not be. If you can wait a few days and then make enquiries, you’ll see progress. Is a decision pending? The Quarter Moon might help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Temptation can show up in all kinds of ways today, so be kind to yourself. As Mars angles towards Neptune, the things you should steer clear of will seem to draw you in and promise you delights that you’ll find hard to resist. While Saturn’s presence can assist, it may take a while before its disciplined presence becomes helpful. If you do succumb, don’t worry about it, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You’ll easily drop your defences, which is great if you want to unburden yourself and share a secret, but not so helpful if you say too much and regret it tomorrow. If you’re at a gathering and everything is in full swing, you may cross your own red line more than once. If you can keep on the ball rather than surrendering to the mood, you’ll have less chance of saying the unthinkable. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You may not feel at your most sociable. If anything, you might prefer to keep to yourself or go do something that takes you away from the reality of life. Energy levels could dip too, so you’ll prefer a walk in beautiful surroundings or a trip to an art gallery to anything too vigorous. The Quarter Moon in your sign is also a call to listen to your gut, especially if it tells you to relax. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You’ll be in a sensitive mood and aware of other people’s feelings, which will bring out your caring and compassionate side. People may see you as someone they can confide in, and over the coming days you’ll hear a few sad tales. There’s also a Quarter Moon in a private zone, which means that if you have a secret to share, getting it out into the open could leave you at peace. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Even if you’ve made a vow to be very careful with your money, the coming days may find you bedazzled by an item you want. It might even be a few things that catch your eye, and that you’re happy to splurge on. By the end of the week you could regret being quite so generous with yourself. If you should invest in learning a creative skill, it’s something you won’t regret. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 With a powerful emphasis on your sign and with Neptune deeply involved, you may not be at your most discriminating. Your natural empathy means you’ll easily connect with others, but you may get caught up with someone who is a tad unscrupulous. Before you go agreeing to anything, make time to get to know them. It’s better than accidentally hitching up with a bad egg, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for March 12 to March 18 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : The Full Moon in Virgo urges you to review your routines – your star sign’s tarot horoscope