Welcome to How I Do It, the series in which we give you a seven-day sneak peek into the sex life of a stranger. This week, we hear from Claire*, a queer 24-year-old who works in PR. Claire describes her personal relationship with sex as ‘a rollercoaster’, and says it’s taken her a long time to feel comfortable with physical intimacy and her body. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Ever since I was 14 I’ve been in various long-term relationships where I learned lots about sex and what men want but less about myself and what’s right for me.’ Claire was also previously in a physically and mentally abusive relationship, and when she left her abuser, she had a string of ‘poor sexual experiences’ with other men. When she went to uni, she met someone kind and was in a relationship with him for four years, but that ended when things became purely platonic between them. ‘I found I was favouring kindness and communication over any sexual exploration,’ she says. ‘After this experience, I took some time for myself to really discover what I wanted from a partner sexually too.’ Now, she’s chosen to just date people rather than look for anything serious. ‘I’ve always been told to get a partner and settle down, however, my career isn’t capable of handling a long-term partner,’ she explains, ‘and I’m confident in my time being single.’ Without any further ado, here’s how she got on this week… Warning: The following sex diary is, as you might imagine, not safe for work. I went on a last-minute drinks date after work with someone who works as a sales manager. This is a new person for me, and he’s clearly just looking for sex. I didn’t have sex with him, but he did keep trying to initiate things. I just wasn’t in the mood. Sometimes with a new sexual partner, I just close off entirely based on the traumatic experiences I’ve had before. It’s not their fault in the slightest and much more something I just try to work through myself. I knew he only wanted sex because he wasn’t talking much or asking any questions about my life, which is fine with me, it just gives me clarity. He’s been open and honest with his intentions, which is what’s important to me. I’ve kept in touch and will probably see him soon. Today, I finally got to meet someone I connected with on Hinge about four months ago. He’s the (sexy) head of pastry at a private members club, and I’d been putting off meeting him, but he’s been in constant communication with me. His determination FINALLY came through, and he took me out for dinner. He then drove me home and ended up staying a while. It’s rather unlike me to sleep with someone on the first date, but he was incredibly caring and loving. I felt very confident and comfortable taking charge in the bedroom, and we had a lot of fun. We had sex two/three times and then cuddled all night. I’m starting to find as I grow older that men are wanting that time to cuddle and connect after sex, compared to their younger counterparts who seemingly want to just shag and go. I’m not mad whether they stay or go, but it’s an interesting development. I had the day off, so I just enjoyed some solo time – no sex, no masturbation. It’s really important to me to have some time to myself without anything sexual and just let my body relax. I also grew up with little knowledge of masturbation for women – for men, it’s completely normal but for women, it was only fetishised for sexual partners when we were apart. But if I did it separately then it was viewed as almost cheating. Masturbation is still something I’m exploring, but I’m now in a space where I can openly discuss it with friends and not feel embarrassed or ashamed. I find it’s helped as I’ve become more comfortable with my own sexuality. I’m no longer in the mindset of focusing on securing a stable, male partner, but actually feeling confident being independent and that means sexually independent too – especially whilst I explore my sexuality. After work, I had one of my regular casual partners, who works as a data engineer, come over. Our situation is more about the emotional connection, as I find people still need intimacy where it’s not just sex. We had a bit of an awkward conversation about what we are to each other as he’s started to catch feelings, so we didn’t have sex. It’s really important to me to treat other people the way I would want to be treated and by communicating openly, I feel this cuts any feelings being hurt and leads to a stronger, more relaxed connection. He ended up leaving early instead of staying the night, and I had some solo time with my toys. I saw some friends for dinner and by coincidence, my sales manager date from Monday was out with some work colleagues. He ended up staying the night, which was really lovely. All we did was cuddle and kiss. It was a very emotional connection, which I find is rare for someone who seems to want something casual. I was turned on by all the sensual touching and kissing last night, so when he left I used my toys and masturbated for a little while. I find it quite empowering when I have a partner over and sexually satisfy myself afterwards. We are all adults and if we want someone over to just have an intimate connection, I don’t see how that’s an issue – it doesn’t always have to be about sex. Therefore, by having this person over I still enjoyed the sexual connection – without having sex – and fulfilled my needs without expecting them to. New sexual partners take time to find a rhythm and understand what each other wants, and sometimes I can’t be bothered to do this – I’d rather have that enjoyment easily by myself. Took some time to relax today and didn’t do anything sexual. I don’t like to have sex or masturbate every day, as I find it turns into more of a routine, and I’d rather listen to my needs and only do it when I feel comfortable. Some people need to do it daily as stress relief, but that isn’t the case for me. I’m still exploring my needs and sexuality, so I like to take it slow and try to find what I like in my own time – there’s no rush and no pressure. *Name has been changed. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m a mum and a professional dominatrix – I turn kinky fantasies into a reality’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’ve sworn off masturbation and porn for five weeks – it’s a turn-on’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m exploring my kinky side after splitting from my vanilla ex’