Wednesday Addams star Jenna Ortega has confirmed she is single and admitted the idea of a relationship doesn’t appeal to her right now. The actress, 20, became a household name in recent months as she starred in the hit Netflix show Wednesday, which became one of the most-watched original series in the site’s history. And while she’s been thrust firmly into the spotlight, Jenna admits she’s not ready to be ‘vulnerable’ with another person in a romantic sense – and she’s too busy and ‘obsessed’ with work. The rising star spoke to Elle magazine for the April issue, for which she is cover star, and opened up on her fears, admitting: ‘the idea of relationships stresses me out. Being ‘vulnerable’ and having another person know her inside and out was something she didn’t want to ‘think about right now,’ she told the outlet. Jenna even confessed she was worried about ‘disappointing’ people, and feared that once people got to know the real her they might not find her interesting. The Scream star revealed that though she is an acclaimed actress, the praise heaped on her by critics and fans feels ‘unbelievable’ to her. Her dismissing of romance extends even to TV and films, Jenna revealed, explaining she isn’t a fan of rom-coms as she herself hates ‘being goo-goo gaga over a boy.’ It’s not exactly out of the blue for Jenna, who recently admitted she wasn’t a fan of the love triangle plot in her famed Netflix series, where Wednesday is seemingly pulled between two potential love interests. The actress told Dax Shepard’s Armchair Expert podcast that the storyline made little sense to her – and she even stepped in several times to change the script. ‘Her being in a love triangle made no sense. There was a line about a dress that she has to wear for a school dance, and she said: “Oh my god I love it. I can’t believe I said that – I literally hate myself.” And I had to go: “No.”’ She went on: ‘I grew very, very protective of her, but you can’t lead a story and have no emotional arc, because then it’s boring and nobody likes you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jenna Ortega ‘only wants to play empowering characters’ as she opens up on Wednesday and Scream 6 roles MORE : Jenna Ortega blasts Wednesday love triangle for making ‘no sense’ as she recalls ‘putting foot down’ on set  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 