Amy Hart has revealed her newborn son’s name and even shared the inspiration behind the tot’s moniker. Sharing the update just a day after announcing she’d welcomed her first child with boyfriend Sam Rason, the former Love Island star told fans that her baby boy’s name was inspired by her grandad. The 30-year-old confirmed on Wednesday that she and Sam had called their son Stanley, and Molly-Mae Hague, who is a new mum herself, was one of the first to rave about the moniker, writing: ‘Beautiful Stanley. Adorable.’ In a joint Instagram post, Amy and Sam wrote midweek: ‘Stanley Samuel Giles Rason. ‘Stanley: We loved the name and also Amy’s Grandad Geoffs middle name. ‘Samuel: After @samuelrason obviously but also Amys brother is Samuel too! ‘Giles: Nanny and Grandads last name, hopefully he’ll inherit their love of shots!’ The new parents also shared two photos of Stanley and continued: ‘[Photos: 1) a couple of hours old, Baby Stanley already got Mummy’s back to prove that Amy’s big lips are indeed genetic. ‘[Photo 2] when Daddy says he’s going home for the evening.’ Amy confirmed she’d welcomed her first child a day earlier, telling her one million Instagram followers: ‘Well…. 4 days of contractions at home (which everyone told us were braxton hicks…they weren’t ), 4 very short hours in the delivery suite and 5 long days in hospital later, we are home with our dreamy baby boy.’ The doting mum went on: ‘Born at 3.31am on 3/3/23 weighing 8lbs with the most beautiful head of hair (Amy would take the 9 months of reflux again) and we are so so in love.’ The former air hostess shared the news that she was pregnant with her first child in August. The reality star, who appeared on the ITV2 dating show in 2019, has been very open about her journey with freezing her eggs after learning that she is likely to go through early menopause. Wanting to make sure she’d be able to have her own family, she was initially pursuing IVF on her own before meeting Sam in 2021. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: Justin to take shocking revenge after violent attack from Daniel MORE : Leonardo DiCaprio grilled by FBI over connections to fugitive 