A studio flat in hybrid live-work development Ark, a 300-bedroom former hotel in Wembley, north-west London, is home to data analyst Susana Valente, 33. Her rent includes all utility bills and luxuries such as a weekly cleaner and linen change… A studio apartment with a kitchenette, space for a double bed and plenty of room for a work area and dining table. It comes with all the essentials, such as furniture, bed linen and towels. I pay £1,243 per calendar month, which includes all my bills and use of amenities. The price is fixed for my 12-month contract, so there are no nasty surprises in terms of cost of living. It has really helped me manage my disposable income. I moved to London last September from my hometown, Lisbon, where I own a property that I now rent out. It’s a lovely home, and I love my country, but I wanted a new perspective on the world. Luckily my company was accepting of a remote-working policy. My team is based in London, so living here gave me the opportunity to be closer to colleagues, in a more flexible, post-pandemic way. Plus, as a single professional, I like to be adventurous. I’ve also lived in Estonia. As I was making my decision to fulfil my dream of moving to London, rental prices were seriously inflating, which was incredibly daunting. I was in a real pickle, as I also had to weigh up the cost of living. Renting for one is so difficult, as there is only a limited number of decent and affordable studios and one-bedders. I was under so much stress, but the all-inclusive fixed bill has been life-changing. Co-living in a new city was also an opportunity to connect with others in similar situations. There are co-working spaces, plus a fitness and yoga suite, a Peloton studio, cinema-style lounge and bar. Ark has a bespoke cultural programme, which includes free-to-attend events and experiences, and FriYay drinks for residents to get to know each other. It’s a modern take on the traditional end-of-week work drinks for those enjoying the co-working spaces – you can keep up with what’s happening via an app. This summer, a beauty room, communal dining kitchen and rooftop garden are set to open. Great. There are several stations nearby, with Jubilee and Metropolitan Underground lines at Wembley Park, within a ten-minute walk. Wembley is convenient and has everything – bars, restaurants, coffee shops – on the doorstep. Boxpark, with its 22 restaurants plus bars, is always very lively, especially if an event such as football is happening at Wembley Stadium. It’s all really exciting for someone who’s new to living in London. I’m very minimal in terms of style, and I must confess that interior design isn’t really my thing. All the rooms here are furnished, with all the essentials and linen, so I don’t need to worry! However, there are lots of inbuilt spaces where I can add my own touches, such as pictures, plants and cushions. Given that my style is minimal, there’s more than enough space for one person. There’s a lot of secret storage, too, which helps to keep things clutter-free. I like it that the amenities have both communal and private space, so if you do need somewhere quiet, it doesn’t necessarily have to be your own room. As with many rental options, Ark doesn’t allow pets. However, as there are so many parks and green spaces nearby, I find that I’m still always surrounded by animals! Some residents have turned to borrowmydoggy.com, the local dog-walking platform, where you can build up relationships within the community and with furry friends. People usually go for something big. I’m not like that – I really don’t want too much space to manage. Co-living is cool. MORE : Tiny studio flat with bed right next to the kitchen could be yours to rent for £1,820 a month MORE : How this first-time buyer got on the property ladder in Battersea after renting with friends