Manchester United will not appeal the red card shown to Casemiro during Sunday’s draw against Crystal Palace. The Brazil international was initially shown a yellow card by referee Anthony Taylor for his challenge on Carlos Alcaraz but was sent off following a VAR review. Having been shown a straight red for violent conduct in a 2-1 win over Crystal Palace in February, Casemiro now faces a four match ban, ruling him out of Sunday’s FA Cup quarter-final against Fulham and Premier League fixtures against Newcastle United, Brentford and Everton. Appealing the decision would have run the risk of the ban being extended, where the FA to deem it a  ‘frivolous appeal’. While United have accepted the decision, Erik ten Hag made his thoughts on his clear after Sunday’s goalless draw at Old Trafford, condemning the inconsistencies over VAR’s recent interventions. ‘It is inconsistent,’ ten Hag said. ‘The referees are coming at the start of the season with a policy: we are the Premier League, we want intensity and Casemiro, across European games, over 500, he never had a red card but now, twice. He plays tough but he’s fair. ‘Same as against Crystal Palace, so it’s very debatable. When you freeze it [Sunday’s challenge], it looks bad. ‘Everyone who knows something about football, knows what is bad, what is fair and Casemiro is a fair player. ‘Tough, but fair, and it shows over 500 games in big leagues and he was never sent off. He’s disappointed.’ United goalkeeper David de Gea also felt his teammate was unfortunate, sharing his manager’s concerns over inconsistencies. ‘I think he was a bit unlucky, I think he tried to just touch the ball and the foot goes a bit higher, he was a bit unlucky,’ De Gea told Sky Sports. ‘He can give the red card, but I think the referees need to show more consistency during the games because sometimes they give the red card, sometimes not. But yeah, it probably could be a red.’ MORE : Manchester United hierarchy put off ‘nightmare’ Harry Kane deal and eyeing ex-Arsenal target instead MORE : Manchester United identify Fulham star as Declan Rice alternative but face competition from five teams For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 