King Charles confirmed to Prince Harry he would be able to give his children the titles of prince and princess in a ‘private conversation’, according to reports. At the christening of their 21-month-old daughter Lilibet last Friday, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex used the princess title for the first time. It was used again in Harry and Meghan’s official statement about the event, which said: ‘I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3, by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor.’ The use of royal titles for Lilibet and Archie, three, have technically been allowed since the Queen died in September, under rules set out more than a century ago by King George V. Buckingham Palace confirmed that the royal website ‘will now be updated in due course’ – though they’re both currently still listed as plain master and miss on the line of succession. A royal source told the Daily Mirror: ‘The appropriate conversations have taken place ahead (of Lilibet’s christening).’ It’s understood that Harry and Meghan will now refer to their children using their royal titles of princess and prince in formal settings. The couple hopes to give their children the chance to decide whether they want to keep or drop the titles. They will also be able to use HRH stylings if they choose to. In a statement given by their spokesman, Harry and Meghan described the option as a ‘birthright’. He said: ‘The children’s titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became monarch. ‘This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace.’ According to People magazine, around 25 attended Lilibet’s christening, including Meghan’s mother, Doria Ragland, Lilbet’s godfather, Tyler Perry and an unnamed godmother. Right Reverend John Harvey Taylor, who carried out the baptism at the couple’s home in Montecito, California, was a former newspaper reporter and chief of staff for ex-US president Richard Nixon. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.