David Blaine saw one of his stunts go horribly wrong after he jumped from tall scaffolding on-stage, only to end up dislocating his shoulder. The famed illusionist performed the opening night of his David Blaine: In Spades tour in Las Vegas on Friday, when he attempted to dazzle the audience by jumping from a nine-storey scaffold into a pile of cardboard boxes on-stage. However, he perhaps underestimated the jump as it resulted in Blaine, 49, knocking his shoulder out of place upon landing. Several crew members rushed to his aid but they were unable to pop his dislocated shoulder back into place, prompting them to plead for help from audience members. Five medics then offered their expertise and, in footage shared by Blaine himself, were seen taking turns trying to manipulate the magician’s shoulder back into place as he lay on the floor, all in full view of the audience. ‘Wow that hurt!’ Blaine captioned his Instagram post. He also added a clip of his jump which showed him landing in the cardboard boxes, writing: ‘I was a little off-target… Luckily 5 orthopaedic surgeons in the house.’ Remarkably, not only were they able to relocate his shoulder, but Blaine went on and performed the entire show as planned. A statement from Resorts World to the Las Vegas Review-Journal explained: ‘Mr Blaine was treated by doctors from the audience on stage in front of the assembled crowd, where they successfully relocated his right arm, as he experienced extreme pain and discomfort. After a short delay, Blaine was able to continue with the show, in pain, but in good humour.’ Audience members were left in awe at Blaine’s determination to continue with the show, as one wrote in their Instagram stories: ‘All these doctors saved the show. Actually @davidblaine would have probably still carried on whether or not they were able to pop his shoulder back in! ‘He calls himself a magician but forget that! This guy defies everything and is even more mindblowing live.’ Blaine has performed some truly jaw-dropping stunts over the years, including trapping himself in a block of ice for two days, locking himself in a fishbowl and fasting for 44 days while sealed inside a transparent case suspended 30 feet in the air over London’s River Thames. He has also stood freely atop a thin, tall pillar for 35 hours in New York City. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gary Lineker ‘to return to BBC’ after absence from Match of the Day with pundit due to ‘receive an apology’ MORE : Jessica Chastain praised for wearing face mask at the Oscars over fears of getting sick  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 