Fiona Bruce has quit her role as a Refuge ambassador after being accused of trivialising domestic abuse on Question Time. The presenter announced that she had stepped down from the position in light of the controversy. Bruce was ‘deeply sorry’ after making a remark about domestic abuse while speaking about Stanley Johnson on the BBC programme last week. In a statement, she said that it was with ‘real sadness’ that she had made her decision to step away from her work with the charity. ‘It is with real sadness that I have decided to step back from my role as an ambassador for the domestic abuse charity Refuge,’ she said. ‘Last week on Question Time, I was required to legally contextualise a question about Stanley Johnson. Those words have been taken as an expression of my own opinions which they are absolutely not, and as a minimising of domestic abuse, which I would never do. ‘I know survivors of domestic abuse have been distressed by what I was required to say on-air. For that, I am deeply sorry. I cannot change what I was required to say, but I can apologise for the very real impact that I can see it has had.’ The 58-year-old stressed that she is a ‘passionate advocate and campaigner for all survivors of domestic abuse’, and she has used her ‘privileged position as a woman in the public eye to bring this issue to the fore’, particularly through her work with the charity over the past 25 years. ‘But following the events of last week, I have faced a social media storm, much of which mischaracterised what I said and took the form of personal abuse directed at me,’ she added. ‘The only people that matter in all this are the survivors, they are my priority. The last thing in the world that I would want is that this issue in any way creates a distraction from Refuge’s critical work on their behalf, and therefore I think the right thing to do is to step back from my role with Refuge.’ Bruce emphasised that she will ‘continue to be an active supporter’ of Refuge, ‘albeit from the sidelines for now’. In a statement, the charity added: ‘Refuge’s position was, and remains, clear – domestic abuse is never a “one-off”, it is a pattern of behaviour that can manifest in a number of ways, including but not limited to physical abuse. Domestic abuse is never acceptable.’ The charity spoke to survivors of domestic abuse who explained how ‘devastating’ the wording had been for them, adding: ‘While we know the words were not Fiona’s own and were words she was legally obliged to read out, this does not lessen their impact and we cannot lose sight of that. ‘These words minimised the seriousness of domestic abuse and this has been retraumatising for survivors. Survivors of domestic abuse are, and will always be, Refuge’s priority.’ The statement concluded: ‘Our focus must remain on them. Every two minutes someone turns to Refuge for help and our priority is the women and their children who need us. ‘We have today accepted Fiona’s offer to stand down from her role as ambassador for Refuge. We have thanked her for her considerable contribution over many years to Refuge and the wider domestic abuse agenda.’ In a biography written about former Prime Minister Boris Johnson called The Gambler, it’s alleged that his father Stanley broke his mother Charlotte’s nose. Charlotte is quoted as saying: ‘He broke my nose. He made me feel like I deserved it.’ When the book was released in October 2020, both Stanley and Number 10 declined to comment, while Stanley was said to ‘deeply regret’ the alleged incident. On the recent episode of Question Time, journalist Yasmin Alibhai-Brown said: ‘I’m not blaming Boris Johnson or Stanley Johnson, he was a wife-beater Stanley Johnson, on record.’ Bruce then chimed in to say: ‘I’m not disputing what you’re saying, but just so everyone knows what this is referring to. ‘Stanley Johnson’s wife spoke to a journalist Tom Bower, and she said that Stanley Johnson had broken her nose and she had ended up in hospital as a result, Stanley Johnson has not commented publicly on that. Friends of his have said it did happen, it was a one-off.’ In a statement released by Refuge after the programme aired, the charity said that Bruce felt ‘deeply sorry’ for her comment. ‘We have spoken to Fiona today, and she is appalled that any of her words have been understood as her minimising domestic violence. We know she is deeply upset that this has been triggering for survivors,’ the organisation said. Fiona is deeply sorry that last night’s programme has distressed survivors of domestic abuse. Refuge stands by her and all survivors today. ‘We continue to be appreciative of all the work Fiona does on behalf of Refuge and recognise the immense contribution she has made to our work to end domestic abuse and challenge violence against women and girls.’ The BBC insisted in a statement that Bruce was ‘not expressing any personal opinion about the situation’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC boss defends Gary Lineker suspension despite backlash in ‘car crash’ interview MORE : Fiona Bruce is ‘deeply sorry’ after calling Stanley Johnson’s domestic abuse ‘one off’ 