Gary Lineker is confident that he will return to working with the BBC imminently, with the rift likely to be resolved ‘to his satisfaction’ within 24 hours. The Telegraph reported earlier on Sunday that talks were ‘moving quickly’ between Lineker and the BBC as both are keen to resolve their disagreement swiftly. Now Sky report that sources close to the Lineker camp are confident that things will be resolved extremely quickly, with the Match of the Day host likely to be happy with an outcome that is expected on Monday. The BBC’s decision to take Lineker off Match of the Day presenting duty on Saturday has caused chaos for their sport schedule over the weekend with a string of other presenters, pundits and commentators refusing to work in solidarity with the former England striker. Match of the Day aired with no presenters, pundits or commentary on Saturday evening, a bleak affair, although one that attracted huge viewing figures and people turned on to see how daft the situation has become. MOTD2 will be shown on Sunday evening, but it will again be a heavily-reduced broadcast with no presenter of pundits speaking about the action. This all stemmed from a tweet Lineker posted which compared language used by the Tory government on their illegal immigration policy to that used in 1930s Germany. He called the Illegal Migration Bill an ‘immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s.’ The BBC claim that this is against their policy of impartiality but Lineker has refused to apologise for the tweet, so there has been something of a standoff. BBC director-general Tim Davie has been in America but returns to the UK for more talks an with the hope that Lineker will return to programming as soon as possible. The FA Cup quarter-final between Manchester City and Burnley is being shown on BBC One on Saturday, with the programme starting at 5.25pm, and Lineker could be back on hosting duty then. MORE : BBC commentator explains ‘difficult decision’ to continue on Radio Five Live amid Gary Lineker row MORE : Gary Lineker set for BBC return next week as talks ‘move quickly’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.