Jugen Klopp has warned his Liverpool side that victory against Bournemouth tomorrow will be anything but straightforward. The relegation threatened Cherries pushed Premier League leaders Arsenal all the way last weekend and only succumbed to defeat as a consequence of Reiss Nelson’s dramatic 97th minute winner. Bournemouth had led 2-0 with half an hour remaining and once against highlighted the progress they have made under Gary O’Neil. Liverpool will head to the south coast with renewed confidence on the back of their historic 7-0 thrashing of Manchester United but Klopp admits his side can take nothing for granted and claimed Arsenal owed the vital three points they gained last week to luck. Speaking at his pre-match press conference the Liverpool manager said: ‘The last few days I saw a lot of Bournemouth football and the way play and stuff like this, it can be really uncomfortable for each team. ‘Only the last one against Arsenal where everybody saw how much Arsenal, who are obviously in a really good moment, how much they had to fight and stretch luck if you want, a late winner is a bit lucky as well even when they deserved it. ‘I’m 100% sure Bournemouth will fight like crazy and that’s someting we have to expect.’ Bournemouth were beaten 9-0 at Anfield earlier in the season when Scott Parker was still at the helm, but Klopp was adamant that result will have no influence on proceedings tomorrow.  ‘I knew after 9-0 it will be no fun when we go there because that’s the easiest motivation of all time,’ Klopp added. ‘With this result before that’s just one of the bits of information you have, not more. Bournemouth plays a different system we dont’ play at home and this season if you look at our points tally with home games and table we are in the top four. We have to show consistency and step up and make sure we create the atmosphere we need on the pitch and use it.’ MORE : Mikel Arteta says ‘dangerous’ Fabio Vieira ‘deserves more minutes’ for Arsenal and rates Jakub Kiwior debut after Sporting Lisbon draw MORE : Martin Keown compares William Saliba to Arsenal legend Tony Adams For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 