Britney Spears uploaded a heartfelt message for her husband Sam Asghari in celebration of his 29th birthday on Thursday – but not before giving him a literal pie. The 41-year-old pop princess took to Instagram to share her love for her other half as they commemorated his big day together. She posted a gallery of adorable snaps that showed the pair cuddling and kissing in various locations. Britney captioned her sweet tribute: ‘Happy Birthday!!! I love you so much and hope you get all your birthday wishes and more !!! [sic]’. The model later appeared on his Instagram stories to thank his followers and friend for their birthday wishes. Admitting he didn’t like to acknowledge birthdays, he said he was grateful for the ‘amazing people’ in his life and planned to make the last year of his 20s count. The Toxic singer also shared a video to her story that showed her smashing a cake into her husband’s face as he ate the remainder with a spoon. In the footage, she could be heard saying: ‘Happy birthday baby,’ to which he responded ‘thank you’ as he leant in for a kiss. Her birthday post came ahead of another cryptic message that saw the star dancing around in front of the camera to a caption that read: ‘Life goes on … first white skirt I’ve worn in a long time [sic].’ The singer posed as if mid-boogie for a gallery of snaps wearing a white mini-skirt, white knee-high boots and a pink crop top. Britney’s upload followed claims she had lost out financially on the sale of her Calabasas mansion to the tune of $2million (£1.6m) less than her initial asking price. It was reported by TMZ that the pop singer originally priced her lavish pad at $12m (£9.7m) but accepted an offer of around $10.1m (£8.3m). The hitmaker and her husband Sam put the luxurious mansion back on the market just six months after purchasing it for a cool $11.8m (£9.8m) last year. According to the publication, the Hit Me Baby One More Time singer felt ‘too exposed’ living at the mansion and so opted to move out. Metro.co.uk contacted Britney’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears takes a loss on her glamorous Calabasas mansion after selling it for just over $10,000,000 MORE : Britney Spears’ husband Sam Asghari shares update after their Doberman ‘bites’ 71-year-old man  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 