Buckingham Palace is making plans for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s potential arrival for the King Charles’ coronation. Staff are factoring the Duke and Duchess of Sussex into the logistics including cars, seating plans and dining, the Daily Mail has revealed. But the California-based couple are yet to confirm if they will be making an appearance after being invited via email. Their spokesperson confirmed the email had been received, but did not confirm if they will travel to the UK for the event. But officials within the Master of the Household’s Department and the Lord Chamberlain’s Office are anticipating their attendance. A source told the Daily Mail: ‘Harry and Meghan are being factored into all of the planning…. the cars, the seating plans, dining arrangements, everything. ‘No one knows for certain whether this means they have definitely accepted – it could, of course, be just in case they do – but it’s clearly not a “no”. ‘The staff are certainly working on the expectation they are coming. These kind of arrangements have to be made well in advance.’ The couple have also started using official royal titles for their children including prince and princess. If Harry and Meghan are to attend the celebrations their reception with other family members could remain frosty. Their relationship with the King and the Prince of Wales has remained troubled after the publication of Spare. Over and over again, Harry has demanded an apology from his dad and brother if he is to attend the coronation. But Charles and William are in no mood to pander to his demands, according to the Daily Mail. Revelations which upset the Royal Family from the memoir include criticisms of Charles’ parenting style, accusing William of attacking him and branding Camilla the ‘dangerous’ woman. Ever since leaving the Royal Family, the couple have been staunchly critical of it. In a sit down interview with Oprah Winfrey, they said they experienced racism when a senior member questioned what colour skin Archie would have. They also told their story in a Netflix documentary, Harry and Meghan, which detailed how they were fed to the press by other members of the royal family. The couple have also been evicted from their UK base of Frogmore Cottage adding more fuel to the fire. Buckingham Palace is yet to comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.