A family has been left heartbroken after a 20-year-old woman with no known health conditions suddenly died at home. Libbey Peverall, an aspiring beautician, collapsed into her father’s arms and started foaming at the mouth at the family home in West Drayton, near Heathrow, last Monday. He attempted CPR after she fell unconscious and an ambulance arrived within 10 minutes but she could not be saved. Libbey is suspected to have suffered a heart attack, but her age and good health meant the traumatic incident ‘even shocked the paramedics’, the family say. Describing her as a ‘beautiful’ girl without a ‘bad word to say about anyone’, Libbey’s brother Charlie said they have still not received an explanation from doctors as to how she died. She was said to be taking medication for anxiety and depression brought on by bullying but had not been diagnosed with any physical ailments. Charlie said Libbey’s dad was making her a cup of tea in the morning when she told him she felt ‘a pain in my chest’. He told MyLondon: ‘She suffers from panic attacks so my dad gave her a brown bag to blow in and basically, she just stood up and then collapsed in my dad’s arms. ‘My dad really did try his hardest to help her and he did CPR on her, everything. ‘He tried so hard. Within about five or 10 minutes, ambulances turned up and they tried on her for about an hour and a half with my mum and dad going, “please don’t give up on her, please please don’t give up”.’ The family have set up a Gofundme page to try and raise money for her funeral. Charlie added: ‘She was loved by so many people, it’s unbelievable. ‘We did everything together, we did football together, and just before Christmas we went to Winter Wonderland together. ‘My mum is in bits, I’m trying to stay strong for her and it feels like I haven’t properly grieved yet. ‘It just feels like she’s on holiday and she’s going to walk through the door soon.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.