This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. People can go to extremes to achieve smoother skin. From Kim Kardashian’s once slathering blood on her face to Victoria Beckham and Angelina Jolie reportedly splashing out on a facial involving bird poo. Thankfully, skincare experts are hailing a new ingredient as pure magic for your complexion. And there’s not a whiff of blood or poop in sight. We’re talking niacinamide. If you’re looking for a seamless way to introduce it into your routine, Wild Labs Happy Skin Range could be your new saviour. It’s clinically proven to reduce acne and smooth out your skin’s texture. But let’s back up a little and talk science. Niacinamide is a form of vitamin B3 and it’s essential for the healthy maintenance of your skin. In the words of our ultimate health hun Gillian McKeith, you are what you eat. Niacinamide can be found in foods such as meat, fish, milk, eggs, green vegetables, and cereals. Use code Metro20 at the checkout for 20% off! But for a complexion that will even leave the Tik Tok Bold Glamour filter feeling inferior, we suggest making it a staple of your skincare regime. Aesthetic consultant and founder of Monteceuticals Joe Sim tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Niacinamide is a wonder ingredient because it’s so versatile. It not only hydrates the skin but when applied, it can help lock in the moisture. That’s especially important in colder months when the weather can dry out our skin.’ He adds: ‘It can also reduce hyperpigmentation and is fantastic for anti-ageing. When applied as part of your skincare regime, it can visibly reduce lines.’ Abi Cleeve, founder of SkinSense, adds: ‘Niacinamide is a great all-rounder ingredient and able to support a variety of skin concerns. It also plays nicely with other ingredients you may have in your routine. It meets your skin where it’s at, to address issues including minimising enlarged pores, improving areas of uneven skin tone, reducing dullness, calming inflammation caused by environmental aggressors and playing its part in strengthening the skin barrier.’ And Wild Labs’ simple three-step routine is so jam-packed full of natural ingredients, your post-gym green smoothie will pale in comparison. The skincare line has been clinically tested and approved by dermatologists and works wonders on oily skin types and blemish-prone skin. The first step is a cleansing foam that can help wash away oil or impurities and leave your skin so fresh and so clean. It’s a pH balanced foam that can gently cleanse to keep your skin calm, comfortable and clearer. The second step is the clarifying essence, which acts as a toner to refine the appearance of your pores and boost your skin’s natural radiance. It’s infused with a blend of AHA fruit acids that can also reduce the appearance of blackheads and fine lines. Lastly, the blemish gel will visibly reduce any brown spots caused by sun damage, help to reduce spot flare ups and calm angry red marks from past blemishes. Wild Labs ethos believes in beauty that is kind to our skin, as well as animals and the planet. It’s sustainable and cruelty-free, aiming to bring natural products to customers that can protect from everyday stresses and boost our inner glow. Sounds good to us! Check out the range here. MORE : This waterproof jacket will save your bacon during the current wild weather (and Gareth Southgate approves)