Animator-turned-theme park designer Rolly Crump has died at the age of 93. The late designer played a key part in shaping the early look of Disneyland. His death was confirmed by his son, Christopher, on Monday (March 13), after Crump died at his Carlsbad home, where he had been in hospice care, on Sunday. Jeff Heimbuch, author of It’s Kind Of A Cute Story, a book on Crump’s work also shared the sad news with a Facebook post. ‘It is with a heavy heart that we announce that Roland “Rolly” Fargo Crump passed away peacefully yesterday morning at his home in Carlsbad, CA,’ he wrote. ‘He was 93 years old.’ The heartfelt tribute went on: ‘A truly one-of-a-kind individual, Rolly’s whimsical work has been featured all over the world. Whether it was his numerous contributions to the Walt Disney films & theme parks, his work for various pop culture luminaries (like Ernie Ball and Jacques Cousteau), or his own personal artwork, Rolly’s incredible style was uniquely his and instantly recognisable to many. ‘Rolly’s most notable work for The Walt Disney Company has profoundly impacted the theme park industry over the years. His designs contributed to the company’s most famous attractions, such as The Enchanted Tiki Room, the Haunted Mansion, it’s a small world, and more. ‘His work went well beyond Disney, too, as he went on to create iconic work for Knott’s Berry Farm, Busch Gardens, the Sultan of Oman, and many more. ‘He leaves behind a legacy that can never be matched, and the magic he crafted for countless people worldwide will never be forgotten.’ The post concluded: ‘Rolly and his family would like to thank the fans for supporting his work over the years. His entire life was filled with one “kind of a cute story” after the next, and he will be remembered with lots of love.’ Crump joined the Walt Disney company at the tender age of 22 back in 1952, giving him his big break. He was described by colleagues as ‘a diamond in the rough’, going on to become one of the most important artists to work for the Walt Disney Co. Crump originally served as an in-between artist and later became an assistant animator, contributing to Peter Pan, Lady and the Tramp, One Hundred and One Dalmatians, Sleeping Beauty, and other classics. He was also an assistant to one of Walt Disney’s ‘nine old men’, Eric Larson. In 1959, Crump joined show design at WED Enterprises (now Walt Disney Imagineering). Then in 1963, Walt Disney’s Enchanted Tiki Room opened at Disneyland, featuring tikis and totems designed by Crump throughout the attraction. Crump proceeded to serve as they key designer on Disney attractions, crafting features like marquees and intricate toy props. In 1966, Crump designed the iconic clock tower of the face of Disneyland, which has since been replicated at Tokyo Disneyland and Walt Disney World’s Magic Kingdom. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bill Nighy finally reveals why he took a tiny rabbit to the Oscars – and it’s the cutest thing you’ll hear this week MORE : Boy George’s beloved mother Dinah O’Dowd dies aged 84 