Love Island fans are appalled after the islanders turned on Jessie Wynter after she confronted Casey O’Gorman over his split with Claudia Fogarty. During Tuesday night’s episode, after Casey unfairly was pied by almost every girl during the Snog, Marry or Pie challenge, he admitted he was hurt none of the boys stuck up for him. Will Young later apologised but Jessie jumped in to tell Casey there was no apology needed. Subsequently there is now a new feud in the villa. ‘I don’t understand why you’re trying to get involved in this, I don’t know why you’re getting your two pence involved,’ snapped Casey. Then later in bed, Jessie and Will were talking about Casey, presumably thinking he couldn’t hear them from a few feet away. Turns out he could and told Jessie to ‘get a life’. However, Olivia Hawkins later threw in her opinion that no one asked for again questioning if Jessie was ‘genuine’ despite being exposed for bitching about her own pals in the villa during Movie Night Week. Will was the only one to see through it and called them ‘snakes’. ‘Watching Jessie back every single girl in that villa with her whole chest just to watch them turn on her over nothing whilst Liv gets off scot free after being the most problematic islander in history… nah put them all in the bin (other than Will, Samie and Claudia),’ fumed one viewer while another agreed: ‘All the islanders on Jessie but Olivia is still walking around free???’ ‘Jessie shouldn’t of pulled Casey aside,’ noted someone else but added:  ‘Why is EVERYONE dragging her and bitching about her when she’s done the least stuff out of the girls, where’s this energy for Olivia?’ Ultimate fans think Jessie may have crossed a line but are completely baffled Olivia has somehow got this far without being called out either. For the first time in a long time, fans haven’t been impressed by the female Love Island cast, with many accusing them of ‘bullying’ the boys. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 