Madonna seemingly confirmed her new romance as she sat ringside to support her new boxer beau Joshua Popper. The 64-year-old pop princess enjoyed a night of sporting competition on Friday as she settled in to watch the athlete, 29, defeat his opponent. Updating her Instagram story, the singer proved she had fully moved on following her split from model Andrew Darnell, 23, after she shared a host of snaps from the event. The megastar kept it casual as she stepped out to watch her new lover in a black dress, a cropped jacket in the same colour and a baseball cap that featured the words: ‘Spiritually Hungry.’ She styled her hair into two long braids underneath the dark outfit and showed off her smooth complexion in minimal makeup. Her current flame looked the part in a red sleeve-less boxing kit with matching red and white shorts. The Material Girl hitmaker was spotted cuddling up to Joshua in a series of pictures that appeared on social media earlier this month. Madonna donned a pair of dark shades as she kissed her beau’s shoulder for the sweet collection of photos. She penned a cryptic caption to go with the upload that read: ‘In a male-driven culture, there are always exceptions. ‘Hard to ignore the reality… that most women get demolished [sic].’ Joshua also took to his social media to share his own photos with the megastar and his rumoured girlfriend. Alongside snaps of Madonna in the middle of a group of boxers, he wrote the caption: ‘Another W for the books ‼️ ‘I wanna thank my coaches, my team, and my Bredwinners family for pushing me to be my best in and out of the ring. I got some good people by my side [sic].’ Fans quickly rushed to the comments to share their thoughts on the duo’s appearance together. One typed: ‘Are you going to train her? Put her a lot of arm routines and cardio. Careful with the injuries ! her ticket costed me a fortune and I could die if she gets hurt and cancels the tour [sic].’ Another offered: ‘Madonna is the power! Icon! The Queen of Pop [sic].’ Neither party have spoken out about their budding romance, only sharing cosy pictures together online. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna, 64, ‘dating boxing coach’, 29, following split from model Andrew Darnell MORE : Madonna grateful to focus on tour after older brother’s recent death  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 