Joe Lycett has brilliantly waded into Gary Lineker’s BBC drama after it was announced the presenter would ‘step back’ from presenting Match of the Day. It was confirmed on Friday that Lineker would take a pause from presenting the popular football show ‘until an agreement is reached on his social media use’. The announcement comes after the former player made comments criticising the government’s new asylum policy. While Ian Wright and Alan Shearer also pulled out of an appearance on the BBC One programme in solidarity with Lineker, many are starting to wonder who will be drafted in to fill the empty hosting slot. And in true Lycett fashion, the funny man said that he would be able to join the programme. Referring to his hectic appearance on Laura Kuenssberg’s BBC politics show in September, in which he jokingly said he was ‘actually very right wing’, he tweeted: ‘I have informed the BBC that I am very much available for tomorrow’s #MOTD.’ During the entertaining episode last year, Lycett who has been fiercely critical of the Tory government over the years, was asked his view of Liz Truss’s position in the leadership race. At the time, he told the presenter: ‘You said earlier I’m not left or right. I know there’s been criticism in the Mail on Sunday today about lefty liberal wokie comedians on the BBC.’ He then added: ‘I’m actually very right wing and I love it.’ Many celebrities have voiced their outrage following the news that Lineker will not present this week’s Match of the Day. Former BBC Breakfast and Football Focus presenter Dan Walker tweeted: ‘I used to sit in for @GaryLineker on MOTD… not sure I’d fancy it this weekend. What a mess!’ Channel 4 News presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy said: ‘Presumably BBC will be asked to explain which of its guidelines were broken and why other regular presenters, contributors, comedians, actors who tweet political views are not in breach. Hard to see Lineker coming back now.’ Like her fellow co-stars Wright and Shearer, BBC football presenter and former Arsenal and England player Alex Scott also appeared to rule herself out of presenting Match Of The Day on Saturday. Scott tweeted a GIF of US politician Bernie Sanders saying ‘Nah! Not me’ with the caption: ‘FYI…’ Earlier this week, Lineker had blasted the Home Office’s controversial plans to stop illegal boats carrying migrants from reaching the UK on Twitter. ‘Good heavens, this is beyond awful,’ he tweeted. ‘There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. ‘This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 