Manchester United star Marcus Rashford has denied ‘nonsense’ claims that the side gave up during their 7-0 humiliation against Liverpool at Anfield on Sunday. United suffered their biggest ever Premier League defeat as they were humbled against Jurgen Klopp’s men. The result and performance came as a surprise given United’s form in recent months but they capitulated in the second half, having only been 1-0 down at half-time. Petulance from the likes of Bruno Fernandes, Luke Shaw, Antony and Lisandro Martinez was undeniable as United saw their slim title hopes slip away from them with defeat at Anfield. But some have gone further than simply criticising United’s ill-discipline, accusing the team instead of ‘giving up’ and ‘downing tools’. But Rashford described those claims as ‘nonsense’ and says the defeat and second half performance was down to a lack of cohesion and poor communication. ‘We didn’t give up – that’s nonsense,’ said Rashford.‘We were unorganised, yeah. Communication was bad, yeah. That’s why we conceded the goals. But it comes down to the fact that I believe that everyone was trying to get back into the game that much. We came away from the team’s principles in and out of possession.‘I mentioned it after the game that the forwards were trying to press as just a forward unit, we weren’t connected with the midfield and the same with the midfield and the defence. We were trying to get a grip of the game when it was two and three-nil. ‘We were talking but we weren’t really in agreement with what to do. It’s happened. The only thing we can do is learn from it and move on. I’m happy and grateful we have another game so quickly because we have an opportunity to step forward from the last game and put it behind us.’ United face Real Betis at Old Trafford on Thursday as they look to progress to the quarter-finals of the Europa League. It’s been suggested that the defeat against Liverpool could have a lasting psychological effect on United. But Rashford says it’s bad enough simply losing to their fiercest rivals, regardless of the result. ‘Losing against Liverpool is enough,’ said Rashford.‘The scoreline doesn’t matter when you lose a game against Liverpool or any other rivals, it cuts deep, it’s not nice, it’s never a nice feeling but for me, I always remember how many games we’ve won against them. It’s football and why everyone loves the game. ‘It’s disappointing but we can’t dwell on it and look back. We’re in a position where we’re still fighting on all fronts and we have a lot of games still to play. We want to put it right.’ MORE : ‘He is our captain’ – Erik ten Hag defends Bruno Fernandes following criticism during Liverpool thrashing MORE : Man City legend Yaya Toure praises ‘unbelievable’ Arsenal star Thomas Partey and makes title race prediction For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 