Centurion Kane Williamson scampered a bye off the final ball of the Test to secure a thrilling two-wicket win for New Zealand against Sri Lanka. Chasing 285 on a rain-shortened fifth day in Christchurch, New Zealand slipped to 90-3 before Williamson and Daryl Mitchell put on 142 to make the hosts favourites. Mitchell departed for 81 and Williamson was soon running out of partners despite reaching his 27th Test hundred as Sri Lanka’s Asitha Fernando took three quick wickets. New Zealand needed five off the final three balls with two wickets remaining and Williamson sliced a cut shot to the boundary before scrambling a bye from the last ball to clinch a dramatic victory. Sri Lanka began celebrating when Fernando threw down the stumps at the non-striker’s end but the third umpire confirmed Williamson had made his ground. It is New Zealand’s second thrilling Test win in a row following their one-run victory over England last month. Black Caps skipper Tim Southee said: ‘Seeing how calm Kane is out in the middle keeps us calm as well. He’s a world-class player and world-class players are able to perform in different conditions. ‘The guys were very trusting in what he was going to do and, alongside Daryl, for most of the day it was a great partnership that got us in that great position.’ New Zealand legend Stephen Fleming added: ‘For a Test match to finish on the final ball on day five – remarkable. What an amazing two weeks of Test cricket. ‘Halfway through the day when we were catching some Z’s, we didn’t think there was going to be much cricket at all. We couldn’t have been more wrong. It was a masterclass from Williamson to hold his nerve.’ The second Test of this two-match series starts on Thursday at the Basin Reserve in Wellington. Defeat ended Sri Lanka’s hopes of reaching the World Test Championship final, meaning India will now face Australia in June’s showpiece event at The Oval. Australia’s four-match tour of India finished 2-1 to the hosts after the fourth Test in Ahmedabad ended in a draw. After taking on India in the 2023 World Test Championship final, Australia will attempt to retain the Ashes in a five-match series against England. MORE : England captain Ben Stokes told to skip IPL and save himself for Ashes MORE : Michael Vaughan’s ‘livelihood at stake,’ Yorkshire racism meeting told For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 