Bruce Willis has been seen for the first time since sharing the heartbreaking news of his dementia. The actor, 67, was praised by charities and fans last month for publicly revealing his frontotemporal dementia (FTD) diagnosis. His family released a statement, sharing how his health had worsened. Now, the Die Hard star has been pictured out in Santa Monica, wearing a blue sweater, black jogging bottoms, and a woolly hat. He grabbed coffee with two friends during the casual outing in California. Announcing the news of his deteriorating health recently, his family shared an update after Bruce took a step back from the spotlight to concentrate on his well-being. ‘As a family, we wanted to take this opportunity to thank you all for the outpouring of love and compassion for Bruce over the past ten months,’ a lengthy message, shared on the Association for Frontotemporal Degeneration website, began. ‘Your generosity of spirit has been overwhelming, and we are tremendously grateful for it. For your kindness, and because we know you love Bruce as much as we do, we wanted to give you an update. ‘Since we announced Bruce’s diagnosis of aphasia in spring 2022, Bruce’s condition has progressed and we now have a more specific diagnosis: frontotemporal dementia (known as FTD). ‘Unfortunately, challenges with communication are just one symptom of the disease Bruce faces. While this is painful, it is a relief to finally have a clear diagnosis.’ ‘FTD is a cruel disease that many of us have never heard of and can strike anyone. For people under 60, FTD is the most common form of dementia, and because getting the diagnosis can take years, FTD is likely much more prevalent than we know,’ they continued. ‘Today there are no treatments for the disease, a reality that we hope can change in the years ahead. As Bruce’s condition advances, we hope that any media attention can be focused on shining a light on this disease that needs far more awareness and research. ‘Bruce always believed in using his voice in the world to help others, and to raise awareness about important issues both publicly and privately. We know in our hearts that – if he could today – he would want to respond by bringing global attention and a connectedness with those who are also dealing with this debilitating disease and how it impacts so many individuals and their families.’ They urged others facing similar issues to reach out to AFTD for any help or resources they may need. Their statement concluded by sharing that Bruce has ‘always found joy in life’ and the ‘continued compassion, understanding, and respect’ from supporters will enable the family to ‘help Bruce live as full a life as possible.’ It was signed ‘Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn’, referencing wife Emma Heming and ex-wife Demi Moore, as well as children Rumer, Scout and Tallulah – whom he shares with the Ghost actress – and Mabel and Evelyn, his daughters with Emma. Since, his loved ones have shared their focus on ‘making positive memories’ with the star. An insider shed light on how the brood are coping, revealing that they are all ‘closer than ever’ as they continue to focus on him. Emma ‘has the biggest support system’ that ‘she couldn’t be more grateful’, a source told People Magazine, emphasising her bond with Demi – who is mum to Scout, Rumer and Tallulah with Bruce. ‘She is trying to make as many positive memories for them as she can,’ they added of her efforts with daughters Evelyn and Mabel. ‘She wants them to remember Bruce as an amazing, fun dad. She wants them to have the best memories of him.’ MORE : Kim Kardashian spotted filming Carpool Karaoke with James Corden ahead of his final Late Late Show MORE : Below Deck cast emotional as Captain Lee Rosbach finally returns on board  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 