Maya Jama has opened up about the most unusual encounter she had with a fan, who asked for a selfie after a very intimate treatment. The Love Island host was on Saturday’s The Jonathan Ross Show where she was joined by fellow stars including Niall Horan, Dame Prue Leith and James Acaster. The former Radio 1 presenter and the One Direction star were grilled by Jonathan, 62, about how often they are recognised and asked to pose for pictures. Asked if they’d experienced any, um, more unwelcome interactions, the 28-year-old detailed an eventful trip to the salon. Maya explained she attended an appointment for laser treatment ‘all over’ and had been enjoying a chat with her ‘lovely’ therapist before things took a turn. She continued: ‘I’d gone in there and you have to have your fanny out and the girl was doing it, she was a lovely girl, we were having a little chat about something. ‘And then halfway through – literally when she was just in there – she was like, “Can I get a little selfie after?” ‘I was like, “Yeah you can, but now you’ve just seen all over me, I feel shy.” ‘But then there’s proof like, “I touched her fanny,” And then there’s a picture, you know what I mean? Confirmed!’ ‘So that was a bit strange.’ A bit of an understatement! The presenter’s new Love Island venture has gone down a storm with fans, as the therapist, um, indicated, after she took over the reins from Laura Whitmore. Following the premiere in January, the TV personality shared a post on Instagram thanking fans for the immense support they’d shown her. Uploading several pictures of herself in her already-iconic black cut-out dress, she wrote in the caption: ‘Overwhelmed from last night, thank you so much for your kind words.’ The Jonathan Ross Show continues on ITV on Saturday at 9.40pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Maya Jama sizzles in orange gown as killer dress once again sends Love Island fans wild (and here’s where you can get her look) MORE : Love Island fans staggered by Martin Akinola trying to ‘shoot his shot’ with Maya Jama on live TV after villa exit 