The Weeknd clearly isn’t happy with a Rolling Stone report claiming his upcoming TV series is in ‘turmoil’, but his decision to shade the magazine on social media has seen him come under fire. This week the publication released a story about Euphoria creator Sam Levinson’s next project, HBO’s The Idol, which was also-co created and stars Abel ‘The Weeknd’ Tesfaye. The series follows self-help guru and leader of a modern-day cult, Tedros (The Weeknd), who enters a complicated relationship with rising pop idol Jocelyn (Lily-Rose Depp). However, the article said the project was in ‘turmoil’, after multiple script changes, the exit of director Amy Seimetz after most of the series was already finished, and then Levinson taking over and scrapping the ‘nearly-finished’ $54-75 (£45-62) million project to rewrite and reshoot the entire thing. Sources also told the magazine that when Levinson took over, he ‘dialled up the disturbing sexual content and nudity’. However The Weeknd was also under the spotlight for decisions he allegedly made on set, which were said to have him wanting to drop the ‘feminist lens’ of the show. ‘It was like the Weeknd wanted one show that was all about him – Sam was on board with that,’ one source said. One person even went so far to call what was unfolding as a ‘s***show’. Clearly not happy with what had come out, The Weeknd clapped back on Twitter, sharing a clip from the show which calls out Rolling Stone. In the video, a character played by Dan Levy pitches Tedros and Jocelyn a photo shoot for the cover of the magazine. ‘Rolling Stone? Aren’t they a little irrelevant?’ Tedros asks. Meanwhile Jocelyn jumps in and says it ‘might be past its prime’. ‘Rolling Stone has 6 million followers on Instagram, half of them probably bots,’ Tedros adds. ‘And Jocelyn has 78 million followers, all real I’d assume. So she does a photo shoot, she tags them, they get her followers. More money for Rolling Stone, nothing for Jocelyn.’ Captioning the clip ‘Did we upset you?’ and tagging the magazine, the musician was clearly irked by the original story. Despite the clap back, many people responding questioned his approach. ‘This is such a bad look (and I’m not talking about the excellent reporting from Rolling Stone),’ one person posted on the thread. Another added: ‘[I] have many questions for the team of people who told you this was the way you should respond.’ However Rolling Stone doesn’t seem too bothered, with editor in chief Noah Shachtman replying ‘not at all’ to the tweet, and sharing images of past covers of the musician on the magazine. While HBO has released three teaser trailers for The Idol, which is set to be released this year, a date is yet to be announced for when it will hit screens. Metro.co.uk has contacted Rolling Stone, HBO and representatives for The Weeknd for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Weeknd makes history as first artist to reach 100,000,000 monthly listeners MORE : Lily-Rose Depp ‘super aware’ of privilege as she wades into ‘nepo baby’ debate  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 