If you’re thinking of taking a holiday soon, the finalists for the National Geographic Traveller Photography Awards will make you want to get booking. Now in its 11th year, the competition seeks to highlight the best in travel photography and was open to entrants from across the UK and Ireland. Photographers of all levels submitted images taken over the past year, across six categories: people, wildlife, urban, food, landscape and the grand prize. Renato Granieri scooped the grand prize this year – and also won in the people category – with a picture of two women talking in Mansonia village, in Sierra Leone’s Loma Mountains National Park. Commenting on the photograph, the judges said: ‘So much happiness in the frame. This well-composed shot of the lady in the house and the one outside is beautifully layered. ‘I love the authenticity of shared laughter; the vibrancy of the colours juxtaposed against the white wall.’ For the wildlife category, Ed Hasler took home the prize for his picture of a stag in London’s Richmond Park. Ed said: ‘I decided to head to Richmond Park in October, as the autumn colours would be at their peak, and also it was rutting season for the deer in the park. As the sun rose, the morning mist gave an atmospheric feel to the scene.’ While the urban category finalist was Richard Quirke – who captured the water feature, called El Paraguas, at the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City. Speaking about his photo, Richard said: ‘I noticed some kids running a race around the water feature and figured it could be a playful way of capturing the scale of the architecture. ‘I ran over and quickly framed it, shooting into the sun to light up the water, while silhouetting the kids in the foreground.’ For all things food, Simon Urwin was the winner for his picture of Helen Turner in the kitchen of her Tennessee barbecue joint: Helen’s Bar BQ. It was captured during Simon’s road trip from Nashville to New Orleans, following a detour to Brownsville. He said: ‘This shot was taken as her speciality pork was retrieved from the charcoals after 12 hours. The barbecued pork is then hand-pulled and served in a slider bun with homemade slaw and a splash  of Miss Helen’s “secret sauce”.’ Elsewhere, Sam Davies scooped the award for landscape, with a picture of a yacht navigating the waters in Greenland, while Serge Melesan was crowned the winner for the portfolio category, with his pictures from a snorkelling trip in Mayotte. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum has hair and makeup done during labour to look glam for new mum photos MORE : Photographer uses 200-year-old Victorian tech to capture epic shots on Isle of Skye MORE : Woman makes adorable matching clothes for miniature horses and their owners