Justin Bieber appears to have cancelled the remainder of his Justice tour, with ticket holders around the world being informed over the last 24 hours that shows have been panned. From the UK to Australia, ticket sales platforms have been confirming that Bieber’s shows will no longer go ahead. Last year, the 29-year-old called off tour dates after announcing he’d been diagnosed with Ramsay Hunt syndrome – which affects the facial nerve and causes paralysis in the surrounding area. The singer’s team is also said to have cancelled 2024 dates at the Kia Forum in Inglewood. The remainder of Bieber’s EU tour has now been called off, according to the LA Times, with the paper noting that Sheffield’s Utilita Arena confirmed on Tuesday that the crooner’s ‘show has been cancelled’. People started sharing screenshots on Twitter of announcements from Ticketmaster and AXS that Bieber’s shows were a no-go. Ticketmaster also listed shows in Poland and Manchester as cancelled, while Frontier Touring in New Zealand and Australia also confirmed this week that Bieber’s shows would not go ahead. Frontier assured ticket holders they would get refunds, New Zealand outlet Stuff said when reporting on the news. In June, Bieber announced he was postponing tour dates due to his Ramsay Hunt syndrome diagnosis. Showing off his ailment on in a video message, he explained on Instagram at the time: ‘Hey everyone Justin here, I wanted to update you guys on what’s been going on. ‘Obviously as you can probably see with my face, I have this syndrome called Ramsay Hunt syndrome and it is from this virus that attacks the nerves in my ear and my facial nerves and has caused my face to have paralysis.’ Justin added that it was ‘pretty serious’ and told fans: ‘Obviously my body is telling me I’ve got to slow down.’ In the video Justin showed that he was unable to smile, blink or flare the nostril on one side of his face as a result of the nerve issue. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Bieber’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What happened in The Mandalorian season 2? Recap ahead of season 3 MORE : The Walking Dead’s Steven Yeun admits he went ‘ham’ on drugs but remains open to psychedelics  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 