Julia Fox’s brother Christopher was arrested after police found ghost guns and drugs at his New York home, it has been claimed. Officers raided the 30-year-old’s apartment on the Upper East Side on Wednesday morning, as part of a larger investigation. During the raid, where his father Thomas was also present, they uncovered ghost guns – firearms without traceable serial numbers – and 3D printers. As well as this, the New York Post reports that they found unidentified pills, heroin, propane, fentanyl, chloroform, formaldehyde, pressure cookers and materials that can be used as components in explosives. Authorities allegedly said that, despite the troubling items found in the apartment, they do not believe there is a threat to the public. Both were taken into custody after the raid, but it is thought that only Christopher was charged after the incident. US outlets report that he was charged with weapons possession, drug possession, the manufacturing of a machine gun and manufacturing of a “rapid fire” weapon. He is due to be arraigned in Manhattan Criminal Court. ‘On the morning of Wednesday, March 8, the NYPD’s Major Case Field Intelligence Team executed a search warrant … related to a specialized, long-term investigation into ghost guns and narcotics,’ a spokesperson for the NYPD told Metro.co.uk in a statement. ‘The NYPD’s Ghost Gun Team seized several ghost gun parts as well as equipment for pressing narcotics pills. Team members also discovered materials typically used as components in explosives, including pressure cookers and various chemicals, which can also be used for manufacturing narcotics. ‘Upon finding those items, the Ghost Gun Team immediately called in additional resources to help investigate and seize the items. The found chemicals were deemed non-hazardous. ‘Two individuals were taken into custody as part of a continuing criminal investigation. A full investigation is ongoing. At this time, the matter is believed to be contained, with no apparent nexus to terrorism. ‘The NYPD will continue to fight relentlessly against illegal guns – against both the steady proliferation of traditionally-manufactured firearms and the increasingly prevalent numbers of illegal, untraceable but fully functioning weapons known as ghost guns.’ Julia has rarely spoken out about her family, but previously described Christopher as a ‘mad scientist recluse’. ‘One is close in age to me, and the other one is 15,’ she told Highsnobiety of her siblings. ‘The 15-year-old lives in Italy with my mom, but the older one grew up with me in New York. He still lives here, but he’s not really around. ‘He’s like a mad scientist recluse,’ she added. ‘He builds 3D printers for fun.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ted Lasso star Annette Badland reveals why Jason Sudeikis cast her as landlady Mae MORE : Vanderpump Rules star Raquel Leviss reveals where she stands with Tom Sandoval after affair scandal  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 