Have you ever wanted a proper bed on a long-haul flight? Of course you have. But while we mere mortals only get a hard, pokey seat and an armrest to ourselves, European airline Lufthansa is offering their first-class customers a new level of luxury. Not only will they be able to enjoy metre-wide seats, but the suite – yes, you read that correctly – will also have wardrobes, dining tables, their own heating systems, ceiling-high walls, sliding wooden doors, and a whole double bed. Essentially, you can take the stress out of your journey but relaxing in your own flying hotel room. Yes please. These ‘suite plus’ first-class customers will also get to enjoy choosing their meals from special gourmet menus. Lufthansa is embarking on a project called ‘Allegris’, with a view to split up all the seating into seven classes on long-haul routes. It’s projected to cost the airline an eye-watering €‎2.5 billion (£2.23 billion) and is due to be rolled out by 2025. There are other airlines that offer double to high-paying customers, but they are very costly. Singapore, Qatar, and Etihad Airlines all have this option, but the cheapest tickets start at $3,000 (£2,530) with Qatar and go all the way up to $20,000 (£16,865) with Etihad. ‘Every guest has their own understanding of premium, which is why we focus on maximum individuality and exclusivity,’ said Jens Ritter, CEO Lufthansa Airlines at the launch of the ‘First Class Suite Plus’ on February 28 in Berlin. ‘The First Class Suite Plus conveys the feeling of privacy and individuality similar to a hotel room – only at an altitude of eleven kilometers. ‘The Allegris range promises individuality, exclusivity, and premium service along the entire travel chain.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This house comes with a submarine, UFO spaceship and an airplane – and is on the market for £1.25million MORE : What’s the safest seat on a plane? We asked an aviation expert MORE : Only one store still standing at failed luxury shopping outlet in Hackney