Jack Keating was all smiles as he joined dad Ronan Keating for his 46th birthday celebrations. It was the first time Jack has been seen publicly since becoming a dad, as the Love Island star welcomed his first child this month. Jack announced the birth of his baby girl on Thursday (March 9), eight months since leaving the Majorcan villa after failing to find love or shake things up in Casa Amor. But it clearly hasn’t dampened his spirits, as the 23-year-old shall be focusing all his efforts into bringing up his little lady, with new grandad Ronan by his side. Taking a breather from parenthood for the night, the reality TV star accompanied his family for a raucous night out. Partying at The Aubrey in London, they were also joined by the likes of Gary Barlow and his wife, later papped heading into a taxi home, slightly bleary-eyed. Grandfather Ronan looked dapper in a navy blazer with a pair of grey trousers, as his wife, Storm Uechritz, stunned in a pretty white gown, clutching onto her husband’s arm upon leaving the venue. Meanwhile, Jack kept it cool in a white tee and black pants with a beige jacket shirt thrown over the top. The television personality flashed a blingy watch on his wrist, and showcased his youth by forgoing socks and wearing trainers on his feet. Ronan shares Jack with his ex Yvonne, to whom he was married from 1998 until 2015. They also shares daughters Missy, 22, and Ali, 18. He remarried in 2015 to Storm and they have since welcomed son Cooper, five, and daughter Coco, two. Dad Ronan was one of the first to congratulate Jack when he became a father himself. Sharing a sweet black-and-white photo of himself cradling his newborn, Jack originally wrote: ‘Welcome to the world my little [princess emoji].’ Writing under Jack’s sweet post, If Tomorrow Never Comes singer Ronan wrote: ‘Little cutie,’ along with a red heart. While fans have been questioning just exactly when Jack’s baby was conceived, the identity of the baby mother was soon revealed. Jack himself didn’t confirm who she was, but some comments tagging artist Keely Iqbal offered their congratulations to her as well. ‘She is your double through and through. Congratulations both,’ one person wrote on Instagram, mentioning both Jack and Keely. ‘It’s about time. At least it’s out now,’ they added. Another said: ‘Congrats to you and @keelyiqbal soo proud of you!’ Describing herself as ‘Mummy. Artist.Sneakerhead’ on her business Instagram page, Keely works as an artist designing custom trainers. Throughout her pregnancy she has also shared various photos of her growing bump. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicole Kidman and Idris Elba lead pack of glitzy stars at Chanel and Charles Finch 14th Annual pre-Oscars awards dinner MORE : Katie Price gets her tan on as she laps up Thai sunshine in flamingo-stamped bikini 