Chaka Khan has apologised after making scathing comments about Rolling Stone’s Greatest Singers of all time list, which was published earlier this year. The legendary singer, 69, who had a string of international hits from the late 70s through to the early 90s, had initially made very harsh remarks about the list. Khan ranked at number 29, below modern singers such as Mariah Carey, Adele, and Mary J. Blige, and it was safe to say she wasn’t entirely happy. When asked about her ranking, she said: ‘I don’t even know what the hell you’re talking about, so obviously this don’t mean a great deal to me.’ After being informed that Mariah Carey had ranked in the top five, and that Adele sat at number 22, she said: ‘That must be payola or some s**t like that. OK, I quit.’ Then, after being informed about Mary J. Blige’s final position (number 25), she remarked: ‘These b*****s are blind as a m***********g bat!’ Her rant continued: ‘They need hearing aids, they don’t have eyes, they don’t have ears. They must be the children of Helen Keller.’ Naturally, her comments were picked up by several Twitter users and soon went viral across social media – and they were not received fondly. Now, Khan has apologised, saying: ‘Recently, I was asked about a list of the greatest singers of all time and instead of questioning the need for such a list, I was pitted against other artists and I took the bait.’ She continued: ‘As artists, we are unfairly put into boxes. Being an artist or musician is not a competition. It’s a gift, for which I am truly grateful.’ Khan concluded her statement by saying: ‘It was not my intention to cause pain or upset anyone. To anyone that felt this way, I sincerely apologize. I have always been about empowering others and I started a foundation for that very purpose.’ This is not the first time in recent years that Khan has been outspoken about modern popstars – she also threw shade at Ariana Grande back in 2020. Khan said: ‘F*** her, she’s alright. She’s good on her own. She doesn’t need me, I don’t wanna sing with another woman.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Colin Farrell transforms into The Penguin for The Batman spin-off as as he’s spotted on set for the first time MORE : Gigi Hadid offers rare insight into co-parenting daughter Khai with ex-boyfriend Zayn Malik  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 