Eddie Hearn believes Conor Benn can still replicate his father’s legacy in British boxing but a damaged relationship with the sport’s UK authorities means that may have to happen away from home. It is 11 months since the 26-year-old last stepped foot in the ring, registering another emphatic knockout win over Chris van Heerden in Manchester last April. A string of electrifying performances, with that win his third spectacular finish in the space of a year, saw him evolve into one of the country’s most adored fighters and move onto the brink of becoming a bona fide PPV star. Benn is now plotting his return after a battle to clear his name after two failed drug tests in the lead-up to last year’s grudge match against Chris Eubank Jr. Having maintained his innocence throughout the saga, he has been cleared to complete by the WBC but remains under investigation UKAD and the British Boxing Board of Control. His relationship with the British authorities is now a fraught one, accusing the governing body of treating him with ‘utter contempt’ and lacking consideration for ‘fair process or my mental state’ in a recent statement. Benn voluntarily gave up his British boxing licence last October and declared on his appearance on Piers Morgan Uncensored on Monday that he does not intend to fight in the UK ‘any time soon’. His promoter Hearn has not given hope of the Benn family enjoying more historic nights at UK venues, with father Nigel involved in some of the biggest world title fights seen on those shores. But with Benn’s comeback in mind for the summer, licences in the US, the Middle East and Australia are being considered with the fighter still considering legal action back home. ‘We can’t fight into the UK but that is 100 per cent a process we want to go through,’ Hearn told Metro.co.uk. ‘Conor Benn wants to sue the British Boxing Board of Control and never speak to them again. We would like to find a way where Conor Benn fights in the UK again. But at the moment, we are just focused on his next fight that won’t be in the UK. ‘We can get licences in America, the Middle East, Australia, virtually every jurisdiction in the world apart from the BBBoC until we go through the queries they have which we are happy to do. Now whether Conor wants to do that, it is another story.’ Hearn continued: ‘Conor’s dad was a hero in this country and I believe he will be too, in time. But right now, unfortunately it is what it is. ‘He has had a terrible time and a lot of people won’t feel sorry for him. But we believe in his innocence. He is ready to go and his return is going to be massive.’ Despite his inactivity, Hearn dismissed talk of Benn taking a warm-up fight this summer with June a likely date for his return. Ring legend Manny Pacquiao has emerged as a front runner to fight the Ilford fighter with the eight-weight world champion plotting his own comeback having retired in 2021 after a comprehensive defeat to Yordenis Ugas. Now 44, Pacquiao is among the names being lined up for Benn who will have the eyes of the boxing world on him – even if for the wrong reasons. ‘He definitely wants to go straight back into a huge fight,’ Hearn said. ‘This has been the most high-profile boxing story since September. There have been so many other fighters who have failed tests. Some of them, are pound-for-pound champions. And it has disappeared within a few weeks. ‘We are right to cause uproar when any fighter fails a drug test. We also have to give them the right to be heard. No one is even prepared to listen to Conor Benn. ‘It will be year since he’s stepped in the ring and around a year since the failed first test when he fights again. At what point, having given all his reasons with the WBC clearing him and re-entered him into the rankings, do you say enough is enough? ‘We believe he is innocent, if people don’t want to believe that they are entitled to their opinion. But his career is about to resume. And he wants to resume with a massive fight, he has no interest in a warm-up fight. ‘He wants Manny Pacquiao, he wants Chris Eubank Jr, he wants Errol Spence Jr, he wants all of them. The eyes of the world are going to be on Conor, unfortunately for reasons we would rather not. But we are where we are.’ Eddie Hearn spoke alongside boxing partner Frank Smith on the latest episode of the Rockwater podcast. Listen here for the full podcast. MORE : Canelo Alvarez vs John Ryder set to be announced next week with Eddie Hearn hopeful of setting up Edgar Berlanga fight in 2024 MORE : ‘Let’s make it happen’ – Eddie Hearn confirms talks are underway for Katie Taylor vs Chantelle Cameron in Dublin For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 