Epsom College headteacher Emma Pattison died of ‘shock, haemorrhage and shotgun wounds to the chest and abdomen’ an inquest heard. The 45-year-old who is believed to have been murdered by her husband George died after the incident on the school grounds in February. Her seven-year-old daughter Lettie died of a ‘shotgun wound to the head’ an inquest at Surrey Coroner’s Court heard. Emma’s husband, George Pattison, 39, died of a ‘shotgun wound to the head’ the inquest was told earlier this week. Opening the inquest into Mr Pattison’s death on Tuesday, coroner Simon Wickens said: ‘I would like to offer my deepest sympathies to George’s wider family at this difficult time.’ Mr Wickens today expressed his condolences to those who loved or knew Mrs Pattison and Lettie, whose full name was Ellette Francesca. After the brief hearing into Mrs Pattison’s death, Mr Wickens said: ‘I would like to offer my condolences to Emma’s family and friends and also the wider community she served and also to the students whose lives she no doubt touched.’ The coroner added: ‘I would like to offer my sincerest condolences to Ellette’s family and all who have been touched by her life.’ Toxicology and histology tests were carried out, while Mrs Pattison and Lettie were identified by their teeth, the court heard. Earlier this week the court heard Mr Pattison’s post-mortem examination was done by Dr Ashley Fegan-Earle at East Surrey Hospital three days after the shooting, coroner’s officer Kelly Truss told Surrey Coroner’s Court. The cause of death was given as a ‘shotgun wound to the head’, she said. Following their deaths, Mrs Pattison and Lettie’s loved ones said: ‘To see the esteem in which Emma is held by all who knew her is an enormous comfort. ‘She was everything one could hope for in a daughter, sister, mother, wife, friend, teacher and so much more. We are an extremely close family and family was at the centre of Emma and Lettie’s universe. ‘The Epsom College community had become part of that universe for them both. ‘Seven-year-old Lettie was Emma’s pride and joy: an adorable, vibrant little girl with a compelling curiosity, a heart-melting smile and an intellect beyond her years. ‘The two of them were inseparable and we take comfort in that they will remain so. ‘Emma had a warm, welcoming smile and sparkling, blue eyes, full of optimism. Over the last 11 days we’ve noticed the sky has been bright blue, with at times a warm glow of pink.’ The family’s statement also thanked well-wishers for their messages of support. A firearm legally registered to Mr Pattison, 39, was found at the scene, Surrey Police said. Live ammunition is not kept at the school rifle range, it has been reported. Mr Wickens fixed a date for a pre-inquest review hearing on June 27. School staff reportedly phoned emergency services after hearing gunshots tearing through the early morning silence on February 5. Following the family’s deaths, a neighbour described Emma and Lottie both as a warm presence. ‘You used to hear her playing in the garden, she was always asking them questions and just seemed like a happy, inquisitive little girl,’ they told the Telegraph. Another local woman said Lettie was particularly fond of her dog: ‘She was just a typical, well brought-up, lovely little girl. It’s just tragic.’ Officers confirmed the family’s pet Labrador, Bella, survived the ordeal and is being looked after by relatives. A pre-inquest review hearing into the deaths has been set for June 27. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.