Rio Ferdinand believes two strikers ‘jump out at you’ as Manchester United turn their attentions to the summer transfer window. Erik ten Hag is expected to sign a new striker at the end of the season, having released Cristiano Ronaldo during the Qatar World Cup. United bolstered Ten Hag’s attacking options with the signing of Wout Weghorst in January but the Netherlands striker is seen as a short-term fix rather than a long-term solution. Ferdinand says Weghorst has ‘offered a lot’ since his arrival at Old Trafford but still reckons Manchester United are planning to spend big on a star striker and has named Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen as two ideal targets. Kane is enjoying another impressive season at United’s Premier League rivals Tottenham – scoring 22 goals in all competitions – while Osimhen has netted 19 goals in Serie A alone to help Napoli soar 17 points clear at the top of the table. ‘I think United are looking to sign a striker, there’s no secrets around it,’ Ferdinand told William Hill. ‘Wout Weghorst was maybe a short-term option, although I think he has offered a lot and is doing everything that the manager would have wanted. ‘There are two options that jump out at you. I think Victor Osimhen, in terms of form and being that out-and-out number nine striker, is arguably in better form than anyone in the world at the moment. ‘Harry Kane is also someone people are talking about – there may be contract negotiations with Tottenham coming up, or perhaps he’d be looking to move. ‘If that were to be the case, then I wouldn’t be disappointed with either. I think signing a number nine who can score 20-25 goals a season is something that the club are looking to do.’ Manchester United will look to continue their impressive season on Sunday when they travel to Anfield to face Jurgen Klopp’s Liverpool. Under Ten Hag, the Red Devils have emerged as unlikely Premier League title contenders and last weekend beat Newcastle United in the EFL Cup final. ‘I think Erik ten Hag has been fabulous up to this point,’ Ferdinand added. ‘He’s answered every single question and overcome every obstacle that has been placed in front of him. ‘Whether it be Marcus Rashford being late, the captaincy situation with Harry Maguire, or the incident with Cristiano Ronaldo, he’s dealt with it perfectly. Long may that continue!  ‘You can’t judge a season when it’s not even finished yet. But we’ve already got a trophy, and if we finish in the Champions League places, which is looking increasingly likely, then it’s definitely a successful season. ‘You have to think of how United fans were feeling at the start of the campaign, including myself, saying that we weren’t going to finish in the top four. ‘Compared to today, the feeling surrounding the camp and within the fanbase is very much on a different level to the one when the season started.’ MORE : Virgil van Dijk makes form admission ahead of Liverpool v Manchester United MORE : Danny Murphy tells Liverpool how to beat Man Utd and makes prediction For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 