Halle Bailey, Bebe Rexha and Charli D’Amelio turned heads on Saturday night’s orange carpet at the 2023 Nickelodeon Kids’ Choice Awards. Held at Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles, California, the star-studded event attracted fashionable celebrities in their droves as they hoped to avoid being slimed at the popular children’s channel awards. Halle, 23, was a vision in salmon as she donned a bodysuit and tailored trousers combo that shimmered under the glare of the cameras. The Little Mermaid star paired a cut-out skin-tight top that showed off her trim stomach with some matching silk suit trousers. She scraped her hair up into a tight bun and let two curled tresses hang loose over her shoulders. Accessorising with stylish gold earrings and minimal makeup, the actress finished off her outfit with pointed-toe white heels that elevated her frame. Singer Bebe, 33, stunned in a form-fitting, glittering denim bodysuit that featured a flared leg and zip down the middle. The In the Name of Love artist styled her platinum blonde locks into fanned-out layers and added a little extra to her look with silver earrings. She also opted for bright pink blush and show-stopping lashes that drew attention to her captivating eyes. One moment wasn’t enough for the star however as she indulged in an outfit change later on during the event. Inside the venue, Bebe swapped her denim all-in-one for a silver bodysuit which she was slimed in following her performance of her single I’m Good. Also in attendance was internet superstar and queen of TikTok Charli D’Amelio, 18. The online sensation chose a pink number to walk the orange carpet in and flaunted her toned legs in the floaty pink and black dress that featured a ballerina-style skirt. Following her big win on Dancing with the Stars, Charli played co-host on the night for the 34th annual show alongside sports analyst Nate Burleson, 41. She parted her brunette locks down the middle and allowed her tresses to cascade down her back. Finishing off the outfit, the young star complimented her chic look with open-toe black platform heels and kept her makeup simple and oh-so-natural. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Halle Bailey unveils brand new The Little Mermaid footage featuring first look at Melissa McCarthy as Ursula MORE : Bebe Rexha told to lose weight at just 9 stone: ‘I would starve myself before filming a music video’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 