Paul Mescal has shared an insight into his training regime for the forthcoming Gladiator movie. It was confirmed earlier this year that the Oscar-nominated actor would star in Sir Ridley Scott’s sequel, and 27-year-old Paul has already been hitting the gym before shooting kicks off. Speaking at this week’s Independent Spirit Awards, the Irish star joked: ‘Every time someone asks me if I’ve started working out, I’m like, “What do you mean? You can’t tell?”’ ‘I’m working hard. Hopefully, when you see me in three or four weeks, you’ll be able to see it,’ Paul added when speaking to Variety. ‘I like exercise It’s not something I dread, thank God.’ It was reported in January that filming for the blockbuster sequel had been delayed due to Paul’s West End schedule. The actor’s run as Stan Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire was extended until late April, meaningproduction on Sir Ridley’s flick – said to be in production at Paramount – was pushed. While specific details about the sequel remain under wraps, insiders say it’s been confirmed that Paul will take on the role of Lucius, the son of Connie Nielsen’s character Lucilla and the nephew of Joaquin Phoenix’s Commodus from the first film. Russell Crowe – who starred as Maximus in Sir Ridley’s original film – recently confirmed the follow-up won’t be a ‘direct sequel’. The 58-year actor said: ‘Yeah we’ve had dinner and talked about it and all that stuff. So I know roughly how he’s shaping the story.’ He added on the Fitzy and Wippa podcast: ‘But yeah, if you remember, there was a young kid who wanted to beat the Gladiator, which leads to the “My name is” speech. ‘So that young kid has grown up, and he’s now the Emperor. I don’t know what else happens at that point, so that’s the idea. So it’s not a remake. And it’s not a direct sequel. It’s not like the day after, you know, 30 years later or something.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Stacey commits a risky crime as things get worse MORE : Katie Price ‘unveils massive new tattoo in honour of terminally ill mum Amy’