Today there is a Mercury and Uranus aspect taking place which could have an effect on your star sign. For Gemini, a bright and insightful Mercury aspect could relay vital information, just when you need it most. Meanwhile for Leo, ideas that have been gathering steam are ready to burst into the open, and the Mercury/Uranus aspect could help you deliver them in a way that breaks with tradition and makes everyone take notice. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for March 11, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Get ready to try something different, Aries. An idea could save you money or make you money. Wondering about a useful skill? It may be time to put it to work. You’ll have plenty of bright ideas today, but might need a push to get going. As the Sun continues in Pisces, there’s still time to clean the slate for when it enters your sign in about nine days. Then it’s all systems go! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may be drawn to anything that enhances your perspective on life. The coming days can be exciting, perhaps because an encounter leaves you feeling liberated. There might be one person you feel at ease with almost right away because they don’t judge you, and this is why they could be great to be around. You may find yourself confiding in them, even if you’ve only just met. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may know more than you think, as you’ll find out over the coming days. It’s amazing how much knowledge is stored in your subconscious mind that stays underground. A bright and insightful Mercury aspect could relay vital information, just when you need it most. A phone number, password, name or address could flash into awareness, helping to save the day. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A call out-of-the-blue from someone you haven’t seen or heard from in a while, could be a surprise. You’ll be even more intrigued if they have a suggestion to make. They may ask something of you that is quite unbelievable. And it might be because you’re the only one who can do it. You might have doubts, but they believe in your totally. Prove them right, Cancer! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Be the change you want to see in the world, Leo. Ideas that have been gathering steam are ready to burst into the open, and the Mercury/Uranus aspect can help you deliver them in a way that breaks with tradition and makes everyone take notice. What would you like to see happen? Be the leader and others will follow. Don’t wait! Take the initiative, and you’re well on your way. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Following someone’s advice could be so good for you today, especially if it encourages you to do things you’ve never done before. New to an experience? That’s great Virgo! Dive right in and see where it takes you. You’ll also benefit from digging a little deeper and considering how you feel about a situation. If you’re hanging on too tightly, it may be time to let it all go. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You can’t be the only person who has a particular issue. And yet it might feel like it. If you’re willing to reach out and talk this over, you won’t feel so alone. Sharing your experiences could bring insights and solutions that make a world of difference. And friendships that result from this can be a source of comfort and support for a long time to come. Dare to reach out! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Looking for stimulation? You need a chance to explore and see what you come up with. The newer and more original it is, the better, Scorpio. And if you pair up with someone for an outing, you’ll have a great time and enjoy experiences that you’ll want to repeat in the future. Encounters can be enlightening, and you’ll come away with ideas you’ll be keen to explore. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 There’s so much adventure to be had, and this is the time to go in search of it. While you could be fretting about other issues, it would be a waste of energy when you have so much going for you. What makes you happy? Follow the trail and see where it leads. Whether it’s a place, a person or new knowledge, there’s much to thrill you. This isn’t a day to stay in, but to get out and live. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Opportunities, as well as romance, can show up in the strangest of circumstances. And trying something different may have a very positive influence on your life. Seeds could be planted that will blossom over coming weeks and months. A new hobby might put you in touch with friends who are on your wavelength, you may meet that special person or discover your passion. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 To shine at your brightest, you may need to let go of something that is causing you angst. It might be something that runs along in the background, that you have become so used to you don’t usually notice it. Now and again though, you’ll be very aware of it. And like today, it may be to the fore. Take action, or refuse to let it bother you. Either way, you’ll feel so much happier. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Have a brilliant idea, but doubt that anyone will listen? Go ahead anyway! This is the right moment to bring an element of surprise into a conversation, and for being open to some honest feedback. You may find others less judgemental than you thought. Subjecting your imaginative musings to others’ practical scrutiny, could result in useful conversations that get you excited. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for March 5 to March 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : The Full Moon in Virgo urges you to review your routines – your star sign’s tarot horoscope