A dad of a seven-year-old girl with terminal brain cancer says he is ‘overwhelmed’ after thousands of strangers donated to her fundraiser. Jasmine Freeman, from Bracknell in Berkshire, was diagnosed with midline glioma in January after complaining of headaches and double vision. Doctors told the devastated family the schoolgirl had just 18 months left to live. The only available treatment option in the UK is radiotherapy, which will give the ‘kind and caring’ young girl just a few months respite. But further treatment in either America or Europe could make a bigger difference. Since a fundraiser was launched on behalf of Jasmine three weeks ago, a total of 3,200 people raised more than £119,000. The seven-year-old’s dad, Anthony Freeman, has said he wants to ‘shake the hand of everyone who has donated’. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s overwhelming. It’s really nice and heartwarming to see so many people wanting to donate despite the cost of living crisis. ‘I want to go round and shake everyone’s hands. ‘The money will cover the cost of everything while we are at the trials and the trial itself. ‘It will just be used to keep her with us as long as we can.’ The diagnosis has been described by Anthony and Jasmine’s mum, Jakki, as a ‘hellish nightmare’. ‘After we took her to paediatric doctor, they couldn’t find anything wrong but wanted to do an MRI “just to be sure”,’ Anthony continued. ‘Three hours later we got told she had a brain tumour. ‘We sat in the consultant’s office and wept desperate tears at the thought of losing our Jasmine and we haven’t stopped crying since.’ Anthony described the moment he and Jakki received the news of their daughter’s diagnosis. ‘Words cannot describe the pain and anguish we felt then and what we are now living with, every minute of every day,’ he said. ‘We have been in and out of hospital ever since we received Jasmine’s diagnosis. ‘She is a tough little cookie, but she misses being at home because she wants to see her mum and the dog.’ Jasmine has now begun radiotherapy treatment but is unable to go to school. ‘Jasmine gets a lot of headaches which makes it hard for her to concentrate for long periods of time,’ Anthony explained. ‘She is still managing playdates and is able to keep drawing and colouring, so it’s not limiting her in that way, but she does get tired really quickly. ‘But she is in good spirits at the minute and hopefully, we can keep that up.’ The next step for the family is deciding which medical trials Jasmine will be able to take part in. ‘We have looked at trials both in the US and in Europe, but we are not sure if she is fit to fly at the minute,’ Anthony explained. ‘We are both struggling to come to terms with what is happening and what is going on – we are praying at the moment.’ To donate to Jasmine’s fundraiser, click here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.