Greggs shoppers, rejoice. Following the dreadful news that the classic British bakery chain was ditching hot cross buns from the menu, a hero has come along. Here to soothe the sorrows and curb your Easter cravings is everyone’s favourite low cost supermarket, Aldi. In one of the most iconic collabs since, well, ever, Aldi, has announced it will offer 1,000 lucky Greggs customers the chance to get their hot cross buns fix for free. To claim the coupon, customers must share a screenshot of their Greggs app homepage, name and address to this email: freealdibuns@clarioncomms.co.uk. Aldi will then gift a £5 voucher, which will be redeemable in any of its stores across the UK. Even better, Aldi’s hot cross bun prices start from just 16p a bun meaning you can get a total of 30 buns with a voucher. Julie Ashfield, Managing Director of Buying at Aldi, said of the special offer: ‘We’d like to reassure hot cross bun fans that Aldi’s shelves will be suitably stocked this Easter – we even have enough to cover Greggs fans too!’ The lucky 1,000 can use their vouchers to try Aldi’s extensive range of hot cross buns, including the award-winning Specially Selected Luxury Fruited Hot Cross Buns, Salted Caramel Blondie Chocolate Hot Cross Buns or the new Caramelised Biscuit and Jaffa Hot Cross Buns. The Greggs announcement was made via a spokesperson earlier this week and disappointed fans took to social media to share their hurt feelings. One shopper said: ‘How can they not have hot crossed buns at Easter?’ While another added: ‘Since they are/were the best HCBs to say I am shocked is an understatement. What ARE they thinking? I thought it was odd that they weren’t available some weeks ago.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Aldi’s bunny-shaped Easter sweets don’t look much like Easter bunnies… MORE : All the restaurants where you can get free food on your birthday MORE : Chef’s ‘perfect mash’ recipe divides TikTok thanks to two very surprising ingredients