Molly-Mae Hague has shared the ups and downs of both pregnancy and life as a new mum, and it seems she’s really feeling it now. The former Love Island star, 23, welcomed daughter Bambi with boyfriend Tommy Fury, also 23, earlier this year. And while the couple have been living in a bubble of bliss and soaking up every second as parents, the process has undoubtedly brought challenges. Molly-Mae has now actually lost her voice due to the exhaustion of life with a newborn. Updating her 7.4million followers after a Sunday outing, she wrote: ‘I have COMPLETELY lost my voice (run down isn’t even the word).’ ‘I was wispering to people when we were out and they were whispering back because I think they thought it was for Bambi [sic]’, she added. ‘Very sweet.’ But the new mamma isn’t letting illness stop her, as she and baby Bambi enjoyed lunch at The Hollies Farm Shop. In a second snap shared to her Instagram Story, Molly-Mae made mouths water with a glimpse of a berry-covered yoghurt pot and raspberry-infused coffee. The reality TV star has been incredibly honest about motherhood, recently admitting she’s still very much ‘winging it.’ Six weeks after giving birth, she issued a refreshingly honest update. ‘Hair washed and fresh pjs on,’ she wrote alongside a selfie, harking back to Bambi accidentally vomiting on her salon-fresh hair the previous week. In a lengthier caption, she began: ‘Bambi is 6 weeks old on Monday. My little best friend for life. ‘The last two days have been the first time I’ve felt like I’m slightly getting my life back in order. ‘Up until this point I’ve literally just been winging my way through each day, not finding it particularly easy at all (to be honest)… waking up in the morning/going to bed at night thinking “here we go again”.’ Molly-Mae then insisted that bringing up a child is ‘absolutely no joke!’ She continued: ‘So many people said to me “it gets easier” and I’ve had days where I really didn’t believe them or see how it would get easier, but I’m finally starting to see that it does! ‘We’ve got a little routine in place now and whilst it doesn’t go to plan every day and every night, it’s really helped me feel like I have a slight understanding of how the days and nights might look.’ Sharing the reason for her honest update, she added: ‘I just hope this comforts any new mums/dads out there that are finding those first few weeks super challenging. I can’t explain how much they took me by surprise. ‘But it truly does gradually get easier day by day.’ Alluding to a lengthier update at some point in the future, she signed off with: ‘Can’t wait to have a huge catch up with you all on YouTube when I can find the time and feel ready to film a video! I miss chatting to you all so much.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tommy Fury explains how he and Molly-Mae Hague chose name Bambi for their newborn daughter MORE : Molly-Mae Hague reveals bizarre ‘ick’ about boyfriend Tommy Fury and she may have a point 