Jenson Button has made his predictions for the new Formula One season, including on how the likes of Max Verstappen and Sir Lewis Hamilton will fare in 2023. F1 returns this weekend in Bahrain, the first grand prix of a record-breaking 23-race calendar which notably will see the sport return to Las Vegas at a brand new street circuit in November. Verstappen and Red Bull dominated in 2022, but with a new year brings new drivers, new cars and the potential for everything to change. With that in mind, 2009 world champion Button spoke exclusively to Metro Sport via NOW ahead of pre-season testing to share his thoughts on what could happen in 2023: Max Verstappen and Red Bull ‘definitely the favourite’ to win title again ‘The way Red Bull build the car, Max is very good at just driving it out the box. The team will say, “This is the optimum position of the car, this is the optimum downforce, if you stray away from their balance of the car you’re going to lose downforce”. ‘And he’s just like, “Right, I’ll jump in it and just drive it”. He’s very good at just driving a tricky car. He definitely has to be the favourite. ‘But obviously if that car is just too tricky to drive then that’s where they’ll be hurt. We always dream of this three-team fight at the front but it very rarely happens but why not this year?’ Lewis Hamilton is ‘very good at bouncing back’ ‘If you beat Lewis in a race one weekend, the next weekend he’ll come out stronger, so I don’t have any fears that Lewis won’t bounce back. ‘He ended the last season very strong. He didn’t win in Brazil like his teammate [George Russell] did but there were reasons for that. I think he’ll come out of the blocks on it, I really do. ‘He’ll be more hungry. He had so many years of winning championships, winning races, last year would have been a real hit for him. A hit in the guts really because it’s something he’s not used to – not being at the front, not even fighting for podiums even, so that was a surprise. ‘But mid-season on he was performing like the Lewis that we know, so he’ll be quick this year and that will put the pressure on his teammate George.’ An ‘important year’ for Carlos Sainz Jr. at Ferrari ‘Ferrari, their consistency throughout the year wasn’t so good and they had a few issues with strategy. If they come out strong again, I think they’ll be quick. ‘I’m sure they’ve sorted their strategy issues out, they would have learnt a lot from the 2022 season. ‘You would say Charles [Leclerc] was the more consistent of the two last year but who knows this year. I think it’s an important year for Carlos to show what he can do.’ George Russell and Lando Norris will be under a ‘lot of pressure‘ ‘George is in a very different situation to Lando because George has the experienced teammate and the guy that has achieved more than any of us, so it’s more difficult for him because he will feel under pressure this year. ‘First year in the team it’s like, “Well it’s Lewis’ team, expect to make mistakes and not be as quick at times”, but he outperformed Lewis throughout the season so there’s a lot of pressure on his shoulders to show what he’s really got. ‘But I think he can handle it. He seems really strong, he’s got his head screwed on, he’s good at understanding his strengths and weaknesses and has meetings before the meetings about that meeting! He works hard and I look forward to that fight. ‘With Lando, it’s very different. He’s got a new guy that’s come in, younger whose very quick. The pressure is on Lando and [Oscar] Piastri also because he’s been thrown in the deep end in a team that’s relatively competitive with an extremely fast driver. ‘It’s a sink or swim situation for him, so I look forward to the dynamic between those two and seeing who comes out on top.’ No one will be able to challenge Red Bull, Ferrari and Mercedes ‘I really hope that they’re closer because there was a big gap last year, almost a lap in races. ‘The top teams are limited a little bit more on wind tunnel time, obviously the budget cap restricts them from spending huge amounts of money so it will be a little closer. ‘But they’ll still have the advantage this year. Maybe next year they’ll be closer but this year I still think it’s the top three.’ MORE : AlphaTauri boss claims Formula 1 team will not be sold MORE : ‘Someone wants to talk c**p about me’ – Lando Norris responds to Jenson Button’s comments over McLaren contract For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 