Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway has been hit with more than 100 Ofcom complaints after fans blasted a ‘cruel’ prank on a first-time dad. The first episode of the new series saw plenty of celeb appearances and the return of Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly’s tricks and jokes on unsuspecting guests. However, one didn’t go down too well, when first-time dad Liam was put through a series of made-up experiences, thinking he was going through the motions of pre-birth rituals. And the episode, which included Ant saying they’d pranked Liam with a ‘totally fake’ scan, has now been hit with 130 complaints from unhappy viewers. Of those, Ofcom confirmed to Metro.co.uk that 111 complaints ‘related to the series of pranks played on a husband throughout his wife’s pregnancy’. ‘It’s not even his baby!’ Ant and Dec told viewers, while Liam gushed over the baby scan and spoke to who he thought was his baby, before the video appeared to show the ‘baby’ waving back. Another part saw the baby playing ‘peak-a-boo’ back to the dad, after the actress posing as a sonographer advised him to do so. From the early-stage scans to anti-natal class and their first family photoshoot, Liam was tricked into going along with a bizarre set of instructions and unusual antics. However, many blasted the show as being in ‘bad taste’, with one writing: ‘That isn’t even a prank bro they just manipulated the geezer’. ‘Really don’t agree with that… that core memory isn’t even real,’ a fan commented while one more said: ‘This is not funny, quite mean actually.’ The backlash was in response to a series of fake situations that infiltrated Liam’s nine-month pregnancy journey with Amy – all the way up until his baby boy’s birth which the duo assured they ‘didn’t mess with’. After sending the first-time dad to a ridiculous birthing class where he was filmed rolling around in a fake pregnant belly and setting up a photoshoot that saw him dressed as a giant teddy bear, Ant and Dec revealed they were done messing around. A final surprise won some applause however, as it saw Ant and Dec opening a children’s savings account on behalf of baby Finley and were going to deposit one thousand pounds for each year of his childhood until he was 18. Ant & Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway continues on Saturday night on ITV at 7pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Will Mellor adds tracker to daughter’s phone following police safety concerns: ‘You just want to protect innocence’ MORE : Love Island’s Claudia Fogarty blasts Rosie Seabrook ‘disrespectful’ move as Casey O’Gorman finally ‘makes decision’ 