Cara Delevingne has spoken out about the controversial photos that sparked concerns of a meltdown for the first time. In September, a series of paparazzi photos emerged of the supermodel, 30, looking dishevelled and appearing erratic on several occasions following a trip to Burning Man. Many feared for Cara’s mental health but the model never addressed the photos and quickly bounced back, resuming her career. Opening up about her state of mind at the time, Cara explained that she ‘hadn’t slept’ and ‘was not okay’. Speaking to Vogue, she added: ‘It’s heartbreaking because I thought I was having fun, but at some point it was like, Okay, I don’t look well. You know, sometimes you need a reality check, so in a way those pictures were something to be grateful for.’ Late last year, Cara checked herself into rehab after failed past attempts at interventions from her loved ones, and she is now on the sobriety path away from substances. She praised the friends who rallied round her when the paparazzi photos were published, and said: ‘They ride for me and I love my friends so much, but it felt like a lot of the time, they were shallow relationships only because I wasn’t able to be honest about the things I was going through.’ The Suicide Squad actress explained that she ‘didn’t want to burden anyone’ when she was suffering a downward spiral, but realised it was time to accept help. ‘From September, I just needed support. I needed to start reaching out,’ she said. ‘And my old friends I’ve known since I was 13, they all came over and we started crying. They looked at me and said, “You deserve a chance to have joy”.’ The Wolf of Wall Street actress Margot Robbie was one of the friends seen visiting Cara at the star’s home in the US during this time period. The Australian actress was also among the group which Cara jetted off to Burning Man with. Since then, the runway star has been booked and busy with work including releasing her BBC docu-series Planet Sex with Cara, which saw her donate blood to find answers for the female orgasm. She has also modelled in Rihanna’s latest Savage x Fenty fashion show and is currently starring in TV series Carnival Row. For the full cover story, go to Vogue.com. Vogue’s April 2023 issue is available on newsstands nationwide on March 21. MORE : The Crown films scenes showing late Queen Elizabeth watching on as King Charles’ ascends the throne MORE : James Corden jokes disastrous Prince William waxwork looks like he ‘walked into Prince Andrew’s room by mistake’ 