A woman gave birth to a baby she says was ‘the size of a toddler’ with a ‘head as big as a melon’. Midwives gasped when Ruby Eden, 24, welcomed her newborn son Teddie into the world. He weighed a whopping 12lbs. Teddie was born on August 1, 2022 at 5.45pm – eight days after his due date at Warrington Hospital. Ruby was originally told by doctors he would likely weigh somewhere around the 9lbs mark. Once he was born, Teddie tipped the scales when midwives went to weigh him and knocked them over. He was born with a condition called polyhydramnios which occurs when there is too much amniotic fluid around the baby during pregnancy. Ruby and husband Chris, 27, were forced to put Teddie straight into outfits for three-month-old babies because newborn clothes were too small for him. Recalling the moment she first set eyes on her son, Ruby said: ‘I was extremely shocked when I saw Teddie for the first time. ‘He was like a toddler. He was massive. My husband saw him and just said “he’s a chunky boy” as he was stunned. ‘All the midwives gasped when they saw Teddie come out and I wished I had filmed my family members expressions when they met him for the first time. ‘Everyone was just so shocked and confused as to why Teddie was such a big baby. ‘Whilst pregnant with him, my bump was smaller than it was with my daughter’s. ‘He must have been hiding the weight somehow. ‘I took a newborn size hat in for Teddie to wear at the hospital and there was just no chance it was going to fit his head. ‘It was the size of a small honeydew melon, and the nurse had to fetch me an extra-large baby one. ‘When he was put on the scales in the operating room after he was born, he almost tipped them. Despite being a newborn he seemed too big for them.’ Ruby had been prepared to give birth to a bigger baby because her daughter Delilah-Rose had weighed 9lbs, but nothing prepared her for Teddie’s weight. ‘I was never expecting to have a child that was almost 12 pounds,’ she said. ‘I’m glad I had a C-section and not a natural birth.’ Teddie spent time in and out of hospital at six-weeks-old and lost a lot of weight due to issues with his liver. He’s now seven months old, and Ruby and Chris are happy to say they have a happy healthy boy who enjoys playing with his older sister. Ruby doesn’t plan on having any more children but does wonder if she ever did have another baby whether it would be as big. She said: ‘He is such a happy smiley baby and me and my husband are so proud of him. ‘He’s still considered an extremely large baby for his age. ‘Me and Chris don’t want any more kids but I would not be surprised if it was another big baby or even bigger than Teddie if we were to have another. ‘There seems to be a pattern in it and they keep getting bigger each time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.