The Moon is making itself known in today’s star sign which could  have a positive impact on your day. For Leo, as the Moon continues in your sign and forges a lively angle with Mars, curiosity about a group or club that syncs with your interests could increase. Meanwhile, for Libra, as the Moon forms an edgy angle with Neptune, you may be less inclined to focus on what needs to be done. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for March 5, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 When opportunity knocks, get ready to dive in and grab it. You could go from bewailing your lot to celebrating your luck today, if you take timely action. What comes your way may not be exactly what you were hoping for, but it could bring great benefits. Seize the day Aries, and take a chance, as with patience this move could work well and bring more money over the long-term. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The future starts now, with an idea that is too good to pass by. You may hear or read a story about someone you can relate to, who has succeeded against the odds. And the truth is Taurus, that you have the patience and stamina to do it too. If you’re frustrated by your current circumstances, step up to the plate and take actions that free you. You certainly won’t regret it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Are doubts creeping in, Gemini? If they are, you’ll need to give yourself a good talking to. And with go-getter Mars in your sign, replacing self-defeating thoughts with those that bring strength, courage and confidence, should be easy. You may need to fake it til you make it, but even if you feel uncomfortable, you can soon grow into your role and be seen as clever and competent. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Someone has your back, Cancer. While they could have kept a hot opportunity to themselves, it looks like they want you to benefit too. Don’t wait around to see what others are doing, instead take full advantage now. There are some things that will not wait, and this could be one of them. Even it if takes you out of your comfort zone, it’s worth having a go. It could be your making. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 As the Moon continues in your sign and forges a lively angle with Mars, curiosity about a group or club that syncs with your interests, could increase. If you join, you’ll get access to an instant circle of friends who share your passion. Plus, a conversation could reveal an idea that shakes you to the core. You’ll wish you’d thought of it yourself, but at least you can act on it, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Sometimes we just need a vision of what is possible to help us move forward. If you sense this, then it may be time to stand back so you can see the bigger picture. As the Sun aligns with Uranus, an encounter could reveal an opportunity that you might never have come across on your own. You may be immediately motivated to get more involved, which is all to the good. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Feeling in a muddle? Clarify your intentions to avoid further confusion. As the Moon forges an edgy angle with Neptune, you may be less inclined to focus on what needs to be done. If you can simplify your schedule, it will assist you greatly. The emphasis on the sign of Pisces increases this tendency to drift and dream, so a daily to-do list will help you now and over coming weeks. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Even if you do have decisions to make, you might be inclined to step back and detach from the world, so that you have time to think. The only issue with this, is that your thinking will be subjective rather than objective. Involving a close friend or confidant in your thought processes can be an aid to clarity, and lead you to solutions that you can work with much more easily. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Feel you have less control over events that are happening at home? This may be because of a blend of energies that encourages you to be receptive to life, rather than proactive. Switching perspectives and taking control of the situation that needs addressing the most, allows you to feel empowered and easily able to find the best solutions. Ready to party? It’s a day to celebrate. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Since revolutionary Uranus has been in your leisure zone, you may feel more comfortable about engaging with interests and people that are unique. You and another might complement each other perfectly, and it could be because you appreciate each other’s special qualities and values. For you, this can be very freeing, and an encounter with this person will leave you on a high. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A sizzling blend of energies suggests you might prefer social pastimes and the opportunity to mingle. Social events could be rewarding, and might coincide with encounters that open new doors for you. Someone you meet may ask you to collaborate on a plan or project. But there is also potential for a romance to take off, and it could turn into a real love adventure. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may be ready to make a decision concerning a long-held dream, and whether you should take it further. The cosmos suggests that if you do nothing, fate will take its course and lead you along the path of least resistance. If you take control, then the outcome could be different, and see you developing a resolve and determination that you didn’t know you had, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 26 to March 4 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : The New Moon in Pisces reveals your true desire – your star sign’s tarot horoscope