Charges against Alice Evans have been dropped after she pleaded not guilty to violating the restraining order her estranged husband Ioan Gruffudd has against her. The actress, 54, is in the midst of a hugely bitter and public divorce from estranged husband Ioan Gruffudd, 49, with whom she shares two daughters. Evans has already been banned from mentioning her ex on social media as part of a restraining order granted to him last year. It came after she shared multiple posts to Instagram about him and their divorce, including screenshots purporting to be a conversation between him and his daughter. The 102 Dalmatians star was later accused of violating the restraining order and a referral for a warrant for her arrest was issued after she failed to attend her arraignment in January. But at a hearing on Wednesday in LA, the two counts were dropped, with commissioner James Cooper dismissing the charges after prosecutors said they were ‘unable to proceed’, according to the Daily Mail. The following day Evans’ lawyer Daniel Stefanic, filed a motion asking for a ruling that would declare her ‘factually innocent’ of the charges. The ruling on that motion was deferred by Cooper until another hearing scheduled for April 25. Stefanic told the outlet that even though the charges against Evans had been dropped, ‘she wants to be declared factually innocent of the charges.’ Evans and Gruffudd, who were married in 2007 and split in January 2021, share daughters Ella, 12, and Elsie, eight. Last September, it was reported that Gruffudd and Evans had failed to reach an agreement in their ongoing custody battle over their two children. Gruffudd filed in July for joint custody of Ella and Elsie and asked for visitation rights to see them. However, in papers seen by MailOnline towards the end of 2022, it was claimed the exes set a meeting for August 31 and attempted to hash out an agreement with the help of a mediator, but ‘no agreement’ was reached. Gruffudd previously claimed that Evans had been purposefully trying to cut contact between him and their children and had petitioned for their daughters to attend ‘reunification therapy’ Zoom sessions as well as in-person therapy. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ioan Gruffudd addresses scrutiny brought on by bitter divorce from Alice Evans: ‘You can’t train for that’ MORE : Alice Evans laughs on way to court for restraining order breach amid bitter divorce from Ioan Gruffudd  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 