Kaz Crossley branded her ex-boyfriend Theo Campbell a ‘hard person to be with’ as the former couple both star in The Challenge: World Championship. The Love Island stars got together in March 2019 and seemed pretty solid, with Kaz, 28, supporting her beau, 31, through his horror accident, when he lost his vision in his right eye after being hit by a champagne cork. Now, the exes are competing against each other in the popular The Challenge franchise’s first-ever world tournament. Each global MVP is paired with a Challenge Legend to form epic teams and help win power and avoid elimination in order to make it to the most difficult challenge of them all, the brutal ﬁnale, where they will fight for the grand prize of $500,000. Kaz – who split with Theo in early 2020 – was asked about her break-up from the series three contestant during the show promo. ‘It was just hard,’ she said. ‘He’s a very hard person to be with.’ The Challenge star Johnny ‘Bananas’ Devenanzio later added that although having both exes in the same room could spark ‘drama,’ he hoped that wouldn’t be the case for Kaz and Theo. ‘I hope it brings Mum and Dad back together,’ he said. Kaz recently urged her followers to stop sending abuse to Theo after she opened up about her Dubai arrest. The star rubbished wild speculation that he was the ex who she claims leaked a drugs video which led to her being jailed. She wrote on her Instagram Story: ‘It wasn’t Theo! We are friends now and just filmed a show together please stop sending him abuse. ‘It was a relationship that I kept private. Thank you for all the love on my recent video. Love you all x’ The Challenge World Championships is available to stream on Paramount Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Top Gun: Maverick aerial coordinator praises ‘incredible’ Tom Cruise and moment on set that gave him ‘goosebumps’ ahead of big Oscars moment MORE : Kaz Crossley urges fans to stop sending Love Island’s Theo Campbell abuse over her Dubai arrest 