Elon Musk has once again wrestled his way to the top of the billionaire race to retake the title of the world’s richest person. Things are looking up for the billionaire since his electric car company, Tesla’s stock went up 100 per cent in January, boosting his current net worth to $186 billion (£154 billion), according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. In December, Musk lost the title of the world’s richest person to fashion titan Bernard Arnault, according to Forbes’ real-time wealth tracker. Musk and Arnault, who owns Louis Vuitton’s parent company LVMH, have lately been neck and neck for the top spot. Arnault and his family became the richest people in the world as their fortune leapt to $185.4 billion. Their current net worth stands at $184 billion, just a few billion short of Musk’s. If you’re getting a sense of deja vu, it’s because Musk did the same in 2022 and 2021 when he blew past rival Jeff Bezos to attain the rank of world’s richest person. Musk owns a number of companies but the bulk of his wealth is tied up in his electric car company Tesla. Last year, the Tesla co-founder slipped from the top of the billionaire’s list as shares in the automaker declined. Musk kicked off the year by becoming the first person in history to lose approximately $2 billion. He even set a world record for the largest loss of personal fortune in history according to the Guinness World Records. Now, an increased investor demand and customer interest in his recently discounted Tesla models, and a better economic forecast, have propped up his fortunes. Musk made his debut on the Forbes list of billionaires in 2012 with an estimated net worth of $2 billion. Currently, SpaceX is his most valuable company in which he has a $44.8 billion stake. Besides Tesla and Twitter, which he bought for $44 billion last year, Musk also heads rocket company SpaceX and Neuralink, a startup developing interfaces to connect the human brain to computers. In November, Musk hinted at the possibility of Twitter going bankrupt. In response, Musk has been busy implementing cost-cutting measures and repeated layoffs while Twitter has suffered multiple outages. MORE : Elon Musk fires 200 people in latest round of Twitter layoffs MORE : Twitter employees lose Slack access as Musk slacks off on paying the bills