A terminally ill campaigner who spent his final months trying to change the law on assisted dying has died at home, his family has announced. David Minns 75, was diagnosed with blood cancer in 2020 and watched his daughter Katie suffer a slow and painful death from another cancer the following year. The father-of-two from Suffolk spoke passionately about the need for safe access to medically assisted dying in the UK for those nearing the end of their lives with no hope of a cure. He has been a huge voice for the campaign Dignity in Dying – a campaign that believes assisted dying for terminally ill, mentally competent adults should be legal in the UK. He previously told Metro.co.uk ‘I found out I have terminal cancer on the day doctors told my daughter she had months to live.’ Since Katie’s death, David has spoken out in the media and to parliamentarians about the urgent need for a safe, compassionate assisted dying law for the UK. Over the past year David addressed cross-party parliamentarians, met and spoke with his own MP Matt Hancock, and wrote an open letter to the Health and Social Care Select Committee. He urged them to ensure that the voices of terminally ill people and their loved ones are central to the recently launched inquiry into assisted dying. David also regularly spoke to the media about his and Katie’s experiences and the need for law change and featured in an ITV documentary, a Channel 4 News story and a Guardian podcast. His wife Sue and son Matthew said he will be remembered as a ‘loving husband, father, grandfather, dear brother and keen sportsman who touched the lives of so many.’ They said in a statement: ‘He was devoted to caring for his daughter Katie as she died, all the while dealing with his own diagnosis. ‘He spent the past year fighting for an assisted dying law, knowing that any change would not come in time for him. ‘As he said when meeting his MP, ‘I know this won’t happen for me. I’m doing it for you and your family’. ‘David died at home, as he wished, but his final hours, days and weeks were not what he wanted. He received excellent care and support from NHS and hospice services, but still he suffered, just 18 months after watching Katie die in terrible pain.’ David was not a man to suffer pain easily – he spent his life pushing himself to his absolute limit as a marathon-runner, a rower and in many other sports. But at the end of his life David was so frightened, struggling to breathe and in agony. It would have been so much kinder for him, and for us all, if he’d had the choice to die on his own terms. They added: ‘We have been traumatised by the events leading up to David’s death and are determined to continue his fight. We are more certain than ever that the law on assisted dying absolutely must change, so that other terminally ill people can be given the option David was so cruelly denied.’ Ellie Ball, Deputy Director of Communications at Dignity in Dying, said: ‘We are deeply saddened by David’s death and extend our heartfelt condolences to Sue, Matthew and their loved ones. ‘It has been a privilege working with David to give his powerful words a platform, shining a light on the unbearable suffering that his family and many others have endured under the current law. ‘In his passionate yet gentle way, David spoke truth to power, exposing the cruelty and inequality of the UK’s ban on assisted dying and making a persuasive case for change. ‘He knew he would not personally benefit from his own campaigning, but he has helped bring us closer than ever before to a law that gives dying people like him and Katie the choice, compassion and protection that is sorely lacking at the moment. ‘David will be remembered fondly and we look forward to supporting his family to continue his legacy.’ Former Health Secretary, Matt Hancock said: ‘I’m incredibly saddened to hear of David’s death.  I had the pleasure of getting to know David – a constituent – through his passionate campaigning on assisted dying. ‘David’s powerful testimony made me reflect on the question, ‘When death is imminent and the pain is insufferable, would I want the choice about how to die?’ ‘David was both brave and inspirational. He was a fighter whose spirit will live on through this campaign. ‘My thoughts are with David’s family and friends at this difficult time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.