Michael Douglas has revealed his wife Catherine Zeta-Jones makes the actor undergo a cheeky forfeit during their golf games. The Basic Instinct star, 78, married Welsh actress Catherine in 2000, with the pair sharing two children, son Dylan Michael and daughter Carys Zeta, as well as Michael’s son Cameron from his previous marriage to Diandra Luker. And even after more than two decades together, the pair still manage to keep the spark alive – even when playing a seemingly mundane game of golf. ‘The rules are I have to whip it out if I don’t hit it past the ladies’ tees, which I manage most of the time,’ Douglas told The Guardian. ‘But there have been times when we’re playing alone, and have to give her a little show because we are competitive. But only when I play with my wife.’ Catherine has previously spoken about the wager publically, explaining it’s a forfeit she makes any man she plays against agree to. ‘I’m pretty good, better than him and we have a bet that if he ducks a shot he has to drop his pants,’ she said while appearing on The Graham Norton Show in 2016. ‘It’s not just my husband it’s any man I play. There has been an issue with paparazzi so I make him go into the bushes. A deal is a deal.’ The pair have recently been brushing shoulders with royalty as they made themselves at home at St James’ Palace while in London, according to reports. The movie stars are believed to be residing in an apartment at the palace in London, where King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla also live. ‘It’s just perfect for their requirements when they’re visiting the capital,’ an insider told the Daily Mail’s Eden Confidential column. Built by Henry VIII in the 16th century, it is believed to be the oldest palace in London still standing. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary defend drag queens performing at ‘baby raves’ after protests MORE : Harry Styles fan turns down $50,000 to destroy concert ticket: ‘I’ve never seen him live before’ 