Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he ‘cannot understand’ the BBC’s stance on Gary Lineker as football fans showed support to the axed Match of the Day host. Lineker was asked to ‘step back’ from presenting Saturday’s edition of Match of the Day for a tweet which compared the language used to launch a new Government asylum seeker policy with 1930s Germany. In response, a host of broadcasters, pundits and commentators have decided to boycott appearing on the channel’s sports programming, including Match of the Day. The BBC have dropped hours of programming from their schedule and apologised for the changes. Klopp was asked for his take on the saga following Liverpool’s shock 1-0 Premier League defeat to Bournemouth and said: ‘I’m not native but I cannot see why you would ask someone to step back for saying that. ‘I’m not sure if it is a language issue or not but that is the world we are living in. Everybody wants to be so concerned about doing things in the right manner, saying the right stuff. ‘If you don’t do that then you create a s***storm, it is a really difficult world to live in. If I understand it right, it is a message, an opinion about human rights and that should be possible to say.’ It was decided that Premier League players and managers would not speak to BBC as part of their post-match media duties on Saturday. Klopp added: ‘It is not about me no showing the BBC, it is not that the guy with the BBC mic is a bad person. ‘I heard about the ‘rules’ of BBC that you are not allowed to have these opinions, it is a difficult world to live in. I can’t say more.’ Some fans chose to show solidarity with Lineker during Saturday’s games, with Swansea City supporters holding up a sign that read ‘Gary, Gary, Gary Lineker – stand up to racism’. Fans at the King Power Stadium – where Lineker attended Leicester City’s Premier League game against Chelsea – also held up signs reading ‘#ImWithGary – Migrants Welcome’. Lineker, who played for Leicester, Everton, Tottenham and Barcelona, started hosting Match of the Day in 1999. The former England footballer also has the backing of the National Union of Journalists, who say the BBC is in a ‘dangerous position’ after asking Lineker to step back from presenting. Gary Lineker has the backing of the National Union of Journalists (NUJ), with its general secretary Michelle Stanistreet saying the BBC is in a “dangerous position” after it asked him to step back from presenting. ‘This is a massive own goal on the part of the BBC,’ NUJ general secretary Michelle Stanistreet said. ‘Yielding to sustained political pressure in this way is as foolish as it is dangerous.’ MORE : Rishi Sunak wades into Gary Lineker row and says ‘not everyone will agree’ MORE : BBC to run 20-minute Match of the Day in silence after Gary Lineker revolt For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 