Asking For A Friend is the series where we answer the questions you don’t want to ask. Picture this: your head hits the pillow as you flop down onto your side of the bed, feeling pretty pleased with yourself. You’re a bit hot and sweaty, but smiling. ‘How was it?’ your partner asks. ‘Great,’ you reply, as you begin to snuggle into them, your bodies fitting together like a jigsaw puzzle. You’re feeling comfy, eyes fluttering closed as the post-sex sleepiness begins to set in. Suddenly, you sit up, eyes wide – you nearly forget your ritualistic post-sex wee. In an ideal world, we’d all be able to drift off into a calm, blissful slumber after having sex before bed. But, consistently, women are told that in order to avoid getting a urinary tract infection (UTI), they need to get up, go to the bathroom and pee after penetration. UTIs are caused by a bacterial infection in the bladder, urethra or kidneys. They’re decidedly not fun to endure: symptoms include a burning or stinging sensation when peeing, an urgency to pee, even when there’s nothing there, peeing more frequently than usual and blood in your pee. If peeing after sex can help us to evade all of that, we’re definitely not complaining. But is it true? ‘There has been a long-held belief that for women, peeing after any kind of sex where genitals touch, can help to avoid getting a urinary tract infection or UTI,’  Ashfaq Khan, consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist at Harley Street Gynaecology tells Metro.co.uk. While there is no solid medical evidence, there is some truth in this myth. ‘In theory, flushing bacteria transferred during sex out of the urethra via urine within 30 minutes may prevent the bacteria from reaching the bladder, which could indeed prevent a UTI,’ says Ashfaq. It’s important to note here that peeing after sex cannot and will not stop you from getting a sexually transmitted disease, which can only be prevented by using a condom. If you happen to be prone to UTIs, Ashfaq says peeing after sex is ‘unlikely to make a considerable difference’. However, he continues: ‘there’s certainly no harm and it might be a good idea to adopt the practice alongside other hygienic habits including avoiding perfumed feminine hygiene products, peeing when needed without holding in the urine, and avoiding wearing tight clothing.’ Essentially, there’s no evidence that peeing after sex will stop you from getting a UTI, but it is best practice. So, we admit defeat. Cuddling can wait until after the post-coitus pee. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Sadiq Khan says menopause leave scheme ‘stops women suffering in silence’ MORE : Feeling bloated? You need to see your GP, not change your diet MORE : This is the age when Brits usually have sex for the first time