King Charles is reportedly drawing up a ‘range of options’ after evicting Prince Andrew from his Royal Lodge mansion. The disgraced Duke is a £30 million mansion with 98 acres of surrounding land. Charles is widely expected to cut his brother’s share of the royal purse starting in April as part of his plan for a ‘slimmed-down’ monarchy. The Mirror reports that the monarch ‘will tempt the Duke of York with houses across the royal portfolio’ following his potential eviction from Royal Lodge. A royal source told the newspaper: ‘The King and the Duke (of York) have vastly different ideas of where he (Andrew) should base himself both geographically as well as his involvement in family affairs.’ The news comes after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle confirmed they had been asked to ‘vacate’ their royal home. Reports yesterday had claimed King Charles told the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to leave Frogmore Cottage a day after Harry’s memoir Spare was released. The couple’s spokesperson then said yesterday evening that a ‘request’ had been made for the couple to give up their home. It has been reported that the property has since been offered to Prince Andrew amid his brother’s ‘range of options’. Harry and Meghan moved away from the monarchy in 2020 as they felt increasingly isolated within the Firm and targeted too frequently by the British press. Since then, Harry said his family have shown little interest in extending an olive branch. In an interview with the Daily Telegraph last month, Harry acknowledged that his family would find it hard to forgive him after he split from royal life. He said: ‘Some of the stuff I’ve put in there, well, they will never forgive me anyway. ‘But the way I see it is, I’m willing to forgive you for everything you’ve done.’ In January, reports claimed the Duke of York had been banned from using his suite of rooms at Buckingham Palace and would never return. The shamed royal was stripped of his royal titles and patronages by the Queen last year after sexual abuse allegations from Virginia Giuffre. Andrew was accused of sexually abusing the American woman three times when she was just 17, and while she was the victim of a trafficking ring orchestrated by billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. He strongly denied all allegations. Buckingham Palace has been contacted for comment.