Viewers of The Apprentice all made the same jokes after the skincare challenge saw one team create a product that actually stained people’s skin. Lord Alan Sugar tasked the two teams with creating skincare products for men – but unfortunately for Team Affinity, theirs won’t be on the shelves anytime soon. The candidates slithered down the snake route, branding their exfoliant Anti-Venom to suggest it will help men ‘shed dead skin.’ But when project manager Bradley Johnson asked his team to create a green solution, Avi Sharma and Rochelle Anthony went overboard with mad science in the lab. Initially, Avi’s skin turned green after testing out the first batch of the products, hailing himself the ‘guinea pig.’ He and Rochelle then tried a different mixture of blue and yellow dyes, hoping that the concentration would be weaker and no one else would end up like Shrek. Alas, things only got worse, as their finished face wash actually looked radio active. Their product also did, in fact, turn everyone’s skin bright green, including the men in the focus group, who had to scrub and scrub to get it off. It was classic Apprentice, with viewers at home all keen to rip into the contestants for yet another colossal error. ‘Anti Venom surely the worst product ever produced on #TheApprentice my 2 year old would love it though so he could be the Incredible Hulk’, one Twitter user blasted. ‘A moisturiser for men, that stains your skin green, and makes you look like The Incredible Hulk. What’s not to like’, quipped another. ‘I thought the goal was to create a cosmetic for males, not for Hulk’, one person wrote. Unsurprisingly, after pitching to the likes of Superdrug and SpaceNK, the team received zero orders, despite trying to salvage the situation by pitching their venomous exfoliant as something men could dilute in a shaker. The experts didn’t hold back with their feedback either, as one told the team – who were trying their best to desperately secure sales – that the product ‘looked like watered down shower gel.’ ‘It smells like toilet freshener,’ another expert mocked. The huge blunder resulted in a brutal double firing, which viewers hailed ‘iconic’, in true Lord Sugar style. Project manager Bradley was actually sent packing before he’d even come back into the boardroom, as Lord Sugar made it clear it was third time unlucky after another loss as team leader. Avi was let go second, leaving Rochelle and Marnie Swindells to go back to the house, surviving by the skin of their teeth. The Apprentice airs Thursdays at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice fired star Mark Moseley had friendly chat with nextdoor neighbour during filming – with no idea it was Wonder Woman superstar Gal Gadot MORE : The Apprentice task descends into chaos as guests question why they’re being screamed at by ‘prison guards’  