A man has been arrested over footage shot from inside a police cordon on the day the body of Nicola Bulley was found in the River Wyre in Lancashire. The 34-year-old man from Kidderminster, Worcestershire, was arrested on suspicion of malicious communications offences and perverting the course of justice in connection with the investigation to find Ms Bulley. Lancashire Constabulary confirmed the arrest this evening. The arrest relates to footage taken from inside a police cordon on February 19. Police say the man was held on Wednesday morning with assistance from West Mercia Police, and has since been released on bail with conditions. A spokesperson from Lancashire Constabulary said: ‘Our priority is, and has always been, to support Nicola’s family and the wider community in St Michael’s. ‘We hope this arrest provides reassurance that we take concerns seriously and will act on them.’ Ms Bulley, 45, was discovered on the banks of the River Wyre less than a mile from where she vanished. In a heartbreaking statement following the announcement, Nicola’s family said their ‘worst fears had been confirmed’. ‘We will never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments and that will never leave us,’ they said. ‘We will never forget Nikki, how could we, she was the centre of our world, she was the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that. ‘Our girls will get the support they need from the people who love them the most.’ They added: ‘Our hearts truly break for others who have missing loved ones. Keep that hope alive. ‘Finally, Nikki, you are no longer a missing person, you have been found, we can let you rest now. ‘We love you, always have and always will, we’ll take it from here.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.