Manchester United players are reportedly ‘irritated’ at Bruno Fernandes and his dream of becoming the next permanent captain looks set to be over. Fernandes disgraced himself during United’s 7-0 historic defeat to arch-rivals Liverpool on Sunday and spent most of the second half making petulant challenges, arguing with officials and losing possession. He was slammed by Roy Keane and Gary Neville and according to the Daily Mail he has even upset his United team-mates, who have been left frustrated by his antics, and it is thought that his chances of becoming captain have taken a hit. Vice-captain Fernandes has worn the armband for most the season with Harry Maguire struggling for game time. Maguire looks set to leave Old Trafford in the summer meaning that United may soon be looking for a new permanent captain. Fernandes would have been one of the top contenders but are now ‘reservations inside the United camp’ if the Portugal international has the ‘right attributes’ for the role. The 28-year-old midfielder was branded a ‘petulant child’ by Chris Sutton following his performance at Anfield. ‘Bruno Fernandes, take a bow for one of the worst performances we have seen from a Premier League player, certainly from a captain,’ Sutton wrote in the Daily Mail. ‘The Incredible Sulk racked up quite the rap sheet at Anfield. There was nothing professional about this behaviour. It was more befitting a petulant child, and the push on the assistant should result in a ban, no ifs and buts. ‘Paolo Di Canio got 11 games in 1998, remember, and I wouldn’t disagree if Fernandes received the same punishment. This was shameful, embarrassing, disgraceful, whatever word you can conjure up.  ‘It is bad enough you are getting obliterated at Liverpool, but then you see the guy wearing the armband having a go at Ten Hag for not substituting him. ‘Is he really the leader that everybody else is supposed to follow? ‘Whatever you think of Harry Maguire, the club captain, you would not catch him behaving like this on the pitch.’ MORE : Bruno Fernandes insists Man Utd were 'really good' in first half of 7-0 loss to Liverpool MORE : Bruno Fernandes did NOT ask to go off despite Gary Neville rant 