Adam Woodyatt has been tipped to join the cast of 2:22 A Ghost Story. The West End play currently stars Cheryl and Jake Wood and, in the past, has seen the likes of Lily Allen and Laura Whitmore head up the cast. Rumour now has it that Woodyatt, who’s best known for playing Ian Beale in EastEnders for more than two decades, could be the latest big name to snag a role in the critically acclaimed play. Written by Danny Robins and directed by Matthew Dunster, the show follows Jenny (Cheryl), who believes her new home is haunted, while her husband Sam is not having any of it. This week, a source confirmed that Woodyatt would be a ‘fit’ for 2:22. Speaking about how much the actor has loved his turn in the revival of My Fair Lady, they told the Mirror: ‘Adam really fancies another stage play. ‘He’s loved treading the boards with My Fair Lady, which ends in April, and 2:22 Ghost Story is a potential fit.’ Meanwhile, Woodyatt’s former co-star Wood said he’d be ‘fabulous’ in the spooky stage show. ‘Ian would be fabulous in 2:22. He has said to me he’d love to do it and hopefully, he’ll get his turn,’ he told The Sun. It was announced in January that Wood would be returning to the play as Ben after Cheryl’s co-star Hugo Chegwin withdrew from the production due to illness. The official Twitter page for the play confirmed the news, saying they were ‘delighted to welcome [Jake] back to the 2:22 family.’ ‘Jake will reprise his award-winning role of Ben until the end of the run, after Hugo Chegwin has sadly had to withdraw from the show due to illness during the rehearsal period,’ a brief statement said. ‘We are delighted to welcome Jake back to the production, following his award-winning performance in the original West End cast.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Woodyatt’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Netflix viewers address mistake in Chris Rock’s roast of Will Smith during Netflix special MORE : Janet Jackson’s nephew insists he didn’t mean to ‘diminish’ aunt while addressing criticism of her