Villagers in Dorset say they suffer sleepless nights following the delivery of controversial new streetlamps. People in Wareham Road, Corfe Mullen, say their rural street now feels like the centre of a busy city. The new lighting was installed a week ago. Harsh white light now shines through people’s windows and into their bedrooms, residents claim. Lelia Pryor described the situation as ‘horrendous’ and as if her home was lit up constantly by a ‘searchlight.’ She told Dorsetlive: They’re unbelievably bright. ‘At night time I can sit in the lounge without any lights on because you have this horrendous light coming through the windows. ‘It’s affecting the bedroom, living room and kitchen. It just goes straight through the blinds. ‘People have told us to get blackout blinds, and I suppose we’ll have to – but we shouldn’t need to, especially at the moment with the cost of living. ‘Our block is a little retirement complex, we’re all over 65s, so it’s not practical for us to be doing this. But our house is literally facing the lights.’ She added: ‘Your brain’s telling you, it’s light, time to get up. Also I like to do a little bit of stargazing, but you absolutely can’t anymore. ‘This road isn’t busy, you’d think it’s the middle of Bournemouth.’ Residents have taken the issue to Dorset Council who have pledged to investigate. The change to the street lighting was made to update the street with modern LED powered lights. A Dorset Council spokesperson said: ‘Wareham Road is just one of many roads around Dorset which are having older and less efficient streetlights replaced with modern LED powered ones. ‘This is part of our commitment to become a carbon neutral council by 2040. ‘The old streetlights emitted a yellow/orange light, and the new LED lanterns emit a whiter light that illuminates the road to the same level, but uses a fraction of the energy and helps to reduce carbon emissions. ‘An LED light source can appear more intense if you look up directly into it, but the light is better controlled and directed downward by the new lanterns than before. ‘Any specific complaints about light intrusion into resident’s windows will be investigated and measured on site by our service provider, to ensure they do not exceed national recommendations.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.