Graham Potter has been given a much-needed boost ahead of Chelsea’s Champions League clash against Dortmund with the return of N’Golo Kante and Reece James to training. The Blues are 1-0 down on aggregate going into the second leg at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday night. Potter has been under immense pressure in recent weeks and Saturday’s 1-0 win against Leeds was far from convincing. There’s been a multitude of factors that have contributed to Chelsea’s dismal form in recent months, one of which has been the club’s injury problems. Kante has been out of action since September and the Blues have missed the Frenchman’s steel and resilience in midfield. James has suffered several injuries already this term and missed Saturday’s win against Leeds with a hamstring complaint. But, in a timely boost before tomorrow’s game, both players fully participated in a training session at Cobham today. James is the more likely of the two to feature against the Germans, with Potter confirming that he intends to handle Kante with care after such a long lay-off. ‘Reece [James], we’ll make a decision on him tomorrow,’ said the Chelsea boss at a pre-match press conference on Monday afternoon. ‘Christian Pulisic is in the squad, but it is too soon for N’Golo [Kante] but he’s looking good.’ On Kante, he continued: ‘It’s a complex one with him because he has had a long time out. ‘It’ll be a case of how we get him back up to speed to play Premier League or Champions League football. He won’t be able to go back in for 90 minutes any time soon but the fact he is with us is exciting.’ Thiago Silva is out for six weeks but Wesley Fofana impressed against Leeds and is set to continue in defence. MORE : ‘Stick together’ – Marcus Rashford breaks silence following Manchester United’s humiliating defeat at Liverpool MORE : Liverpool star Cody Gakpo likened to ‘young Thierry Henry’ after 7-0 win over Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 