Ke Huy Quan and Harrison Ford accidentally recreated one of the most touching scenes from 1984’s Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom at Sunday night’s Oscars. Quan, 51, played an orphan named Short Round in the blockbuster, and at one point in the movie, 80-year-old Ford’s titular character warmly embraces the young boy. Shortly after the Han Solo actor took to the Dolby Theatre stage during the 95th Oscars last night, he revealed Everything Everywhere All At Once had won the coveted best picture trophy. As the cast and crew climbed onstage, Quan and Ford hugged it out, drawing comparisons between the touching Temple of Doom moment and their latest embrace, which happened 39 years later. Vietnamese-American actor Quan was just 12 when Temple of Doom premiered in London in 1984 and he even met Diana, Princess of Wales at the Leicester Square bash. Earlier in the evening, the star won the award for best supporting actor for his impressive performance in Everything Everywhere All At Once, which was directed by Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert and also stars Michelle Yeoh. Stepping onstage to collect his gong, Quan delivered a powerful speech that left many in tears. The actor said: ‘My mum is 84 years old and she’s at home watching. Mum, I just won an Oscar! ‘My journey started on a boat. I spent a year in a refugee camp and, somehow, I ended up here on Hollywood’s biggest stage. They say stories like this only happen in the movies – I cannot believe it’s happening to me. This is the American Dream.’ Quan went on: ‘I owe everything to the love of my life, my wife Echo, who month after month, year after year for 20 years told me that one day, my time will come. ‘Dreams are something you have to believe in. I almost gave up on mine.’ The Oscar-winner powerfully concluded: ‘To all of you out there, please keep your dreams alive. Thank you so much for welcoming me back. I love you.’ People watching at home quickly took to Twitter to share how emotional Quan’s words had made them. One person wrote: ‘Seeing their acceptance speech, especially ke huy quan’s, was so emotional.’ Another social media user added: ‘Ke Huy Quan’s Oscar speech is the first awards acceptance speech to every make me cry. But not just cry I sobbed. He just seems like the sweetest most deserving dude ever.’ Others echoed: ‘watching Ke Huy Quan give his Oscar speech made me cry 🥹 he’s so precious’ and ‘haven’t cried in a while but here i am  bawling my eyes out while watching ke huy quan’s oscar speech, he’s just so precious.’ [sic] MORE : How is Ellie immune to Cordyceps in The Last of Us? Season 1 episode 9 finale uncovers backstory with original video game star Ashley Johnson MORE : Coronation Street spoiler video: Adam risks everything in deal with Damon  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 