Colin Farrell has spoken about his relationship with late Hollywood star Dame Elizabeth Taylor, revealing that she was a ‘consummate friend’ who one told him off for not talking to her in bad times. The actress, who died in 2011 aged 79, was known for performances in films such as 1961’s Cleopatra when she played the Egyptian queen. Colin first met the cinema icon at Cedars Senai hospital in Los Angeles, where his youngest son, Henry, was being born. The pair struck up a two-year friendship, which Oscar-nominee Colin previously called in 2013 ‘the last romantic relationship I had’, clarifying that it was ‘never consummated’, but that they enjoyed many late-night phone conversations together. Speaking in a new interview, he said: ‘I got to know her in the last few years of her life. She was a consummate friend. She made an art of friendship, of being there for people.’ At one point, the In Bruges actor admitted that he hadn’t called her in several weeks and she questioned him as to why. He recalled that he told her he was ‘going through a litany of things I didn’t want to annoy you with’, to which she replied: ‘”Stop. How am I supposed to be your friend if you only come to me with the good times?”’ Colin added to Variety: ‘It was a lesson in humility and we talked about extending that kind of friendship in a global way.’ In September, he picked up a special trophy at the Elizabeth Taylor Ball to End AIDS in West Hollywood for his commitment to the cause. The 46-year-old actor also spoke about his work with Debra Ireland charity, which focuses on the genetic blistering condition epidermolysis bullosa (EB) – a disorder that causes the skin layers and internal body linings to blister and wound at the slightest touch. He and his friend Emma Fogarty, who is an ambassador at the skin charity and lives with the condition also known as butterfly skin, said they saw ‘massive amounts’ of money raised following his appearances on Irish talk shows during a period of ‘economic downturn’. He appeared on The Late Late Show in 2018 and on RTE Radio 1’s Ray D’Arcy Show in 2020 with Emma to raise funds for their work and also got a temporary butterfly tattoo to increase awareness for the charity. The Irish star also reflected on his heritage and praised his fellow countrymen’s ‘sense of civic duty’. The Hollywood actor, who grew up in Dublin and lives in the US, has been nominated for an Oscar for his role in the dark comedy The Banshees Of Inisherin ahead of the upcoming Academy Awards in March. The movie, written and directed by Martin McDonagh and filmed on location on the Aran Islands and Achill Island off the coast of Co Mayo, is set towards the end of the Irish Civil war in 1923 and shows a friendship falling apart between Colin and Brendan Gleeson’s characters. ‘No one country is the greatest in the world. Every country has its strengths and faults. ‘But one thing the Irish do well is support each other; there is a sense of civic duty, looking out for each other,’ he mused. On his way to the prestigious Academy Awards, Colin lost out to Austin Butler at the Bafta film awards last month as the American actor picked up the leading actor gong for Elvis, and Canadian-American Brendan Fraser who won outstanding performance by a male actor in a leading role at the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) awards. However, he did pick up best actor in a musical/comedy motion picture prize at the Golden Globes in January. His co-stars Barry Keoghan and Kerry Condon received the supporting actor and actress Bafta awards respectively, for their roles in the film along with McDonagh for original screenplay. Colin will face off with Austin and Brendan along with Irish actor Paul Mescal for Aftersun and British actor Bill Nighy for Living at the Academy Awards. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Spencer Matthews had never seen late brother on video until Finding Michael documentary MORE : Grimsby Town FC accused of ‘poor taste’ for sharing now-deleted Harvey Price video to celebrate FA Cup match shock win 