Mollie King has shared a lengthy update on how she’s coping in the wake of her beloved dad’s death. The Saturdays star, 35, announced in November that her dad had died three months after being diagnosed with a brain tumour. Stephen King’s death came just days after Mollie welcomed her first child with partner Stuart Broad. In a lengthy post shared on Monday, in which doting mum Mollie marked Brain Tumour Awareness month, she admitted she still finds it hard to write about her dad and added that she’s ‘so glad’ he got to hold her daughter Annabella before he died. Mollie explained that her sister will be running the London marathon in a bid to raise money for a brain tumour charity and asked her followers to help raise awareness. Alongside a photo of her and her dad Stephen, the singer wrote in part: ‘This month is Brain Tumour Awareness month. I’ve always tried not to let myself think about losing someone I love, it’s too hard to think about, but last year this fear became a reality. ‘In August my wonderful Dad was diagnosed with a brain tumour and we had to say goodbye to him just 3 months later.’ The radio host went on: ‘It’s still very hard to write about, I’ve been putting off writing this post because it’s easier to push it to the back of my mind and try to keep as busy as possible to cover up the heartache. ‘Dad was the best Dad you could ask for. So caring, funny, honest and the best Grandpa to the little ones in our family. I know how much he would have adored Annabella and am so thankful that he got to hold her.’ Mollie added: ‘I think of him every single day and talk to Annabella about him when we’re winding down in the evening. ‘For anyone who has lost someone, you might agree that the nights are the hardest, and talking about him in the past tense is something I hate doing. ‘Dad’s life was cut short and his diagnosis came completely out of the blue – he was out walking Alfie with me the morning that everything changed. ‘Dad was incredibly active, he ran 3 marathons and walked in Richmond Park almost every day.’ She also shared: ‘He had so much life left to live. My family have been utterly heartbroken by what this horrible disease did to Dad and want to do all we can to raise awareness and funds for @thebraintumourcharity, who work to help everyone affected by a brain tumour or brain cancer. ‘My sister Laura is running the London Marathon in April for this charity. Dad would be so incredibly proud!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers lose it over Will Young’s ‘roast rap’ during annual talent show: ‘He is here to throw shade’ MORE : Lauryn Goodman reveals she’s pregnant with second child while cradling her and Kyle Walker’s 2-year-old toddler 