Tottenham are not contemplating the idea of selling Harry Kane to Manchester United this summer, according to reports. Kane, who scored his 20th Premier League goal of the season over the weekend, will have just a year remaining on his contract at the end of the campaign. United, meanwhile, have made the signing of a new striker one of their priorities for the summer and Kane is high on their shortlist. Reports have claimed that United are willing to break their club transfer record, which is the £89 million spent on signing Paul Pogba in 2016, in order to land Kane this summer. However, The Athletic reports that Spurs are ‘not even contemplating a sale’ and are aiming to extend Kane’s contract. The report claims that initial talks have been held with Kane and Spurs are willing to let the England captain enter the final year of his contract while negotiations continue. Spurs remain in a strong position to finish in the Premier League top four this season following their 3-1 win over Nottingham Forest on Saturday but the club will end the season without a trophy following their elimination from the FA Cup and the Champions League this month. ‘Where we’re at as a club, we should be winning trophies,’ Kane said after Spurs’ Champions League exit last week. ‘The top four [being the only target] is a consequence of not playing as well as we want to play. For sure, it’s not enough for this club. ‘I totally understand the fans’ frustration. Top four [alone] is not good enough for anyone at this club, especially the fans. They have the right to voice their opinion. ‘The last week especially just hasn’t been good enough. Before the Sheffield United game, the season could have been a whole lot different. You go through there, you take that momentum into the league game and this game [against AC Milan]. But I feel like that loss last week put a dagger in our hearts and as you can see we haven’t really recovered from that.’ MORE : Manchester United’s deal for Antony was ‘a madness,’ says PSV chief Marcel Brands MORE : Casemiro unlucky and referees inconsistent, claims David De Gea after Manchester United star’s red card For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 