It appears Katie Price’s daughter Princess could be following in her mum’s footsteps and venturing into the fashion world. The former glamour model, 44, shares 15-year-old Princess Andre with ex-husband Peter Andre, as well as 17-year-old son Junior. Princess is no stranger to all things beauty and fashion, frequently showcasing her favourite looks on social media – which appears to have caught the eye of one big retailer. According to reports, Princess is set to sign a four-figure deal with fast fashion brand PrettyLittleThing. It’s believed the teen landed the partnership after posting about PLT’s clothes on Instagram, with the Daily Mail saying she’s ‘so excited’ to be working with them. ‘Princess is so excited, she’s looked up to her mum for years and has aspired to model for a brand like PrettyLittleThing since she can remember,’ a source said. The insider added to the outlet that dad Peter will ‘oversee’ her work with PLT, given her age. ‘She knows she’s still young at 15 but [her dad] Pete is going to oversee her work with PLT to ensure she’s protected and well looked after.’ They claimed the partnership was ‘born organically’ after Princess shared her love for PLT online, stating that the deal is a ‘great fit for both parties’. Of course, this wouldn’t be PLT’s first influencer collaboration, as 2019 Love Island star Molly-Mae Hague is now their creative director. The company has also worked with the likes of Gemma Owen from last year’s Love Island, with Indiyah Polack also becoming the first ambassador for their marketplace. A deal with PLT also wouldn’t be Princess’s first influencer collab. She frequently tags Shein in her outfit pics online, promoting their garments with a discount code. Mysterious Girl hitmaker Pete seems to have become somewhat of a Kris Jenner himself, having shown his support for son Junior as he landed a record deal and now supposedly becoming a manager for Princess’s endeavours. Princess has been dubbed her famous mum’s double on countless occasions, having shared her passion for all things hair and make-up. With her long blonde locks, the youngster is the spitting image of the former I’m A Celebrity star, but Pete has also previously shared that Princess wants to qualify in what she loves doing. In January, the Aussie star revealed that Princess has applied for college, and shared his hopes that she’ll achieve good grades in her GCSE exams. Writing for his OK! column, Pete began: ‘I have my wishes, one being that my eldest daughter, Princess, will do well in her GCSEs.’ But, he’s not piling on the pressure, adding: ‘Honestly, as long as she puts in 100% for effort I don’t mind how she does and I wouldn’t be upset if she got low marks.’ Pete continued: ‘She will be going to college after her exams and she is going to be studying beauty therapy, which is brilliant. ‘I’ve already taken her for her open day so she’s getting really excited about it.’ Reps for Katie Price and PrettyLittleThing have been contacted for comment. Reps for Peter Andre declined to comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears takes a loss on her glamorous Calabasas mansion after selling it for just over $10,000,000 MORE : Chris Brown slammed after dashing fan’s phone into crowd during lap dance onstage 