From April, households already struggling with the cost of living crisis will be hit by higher council tax bills – just one of many different price hikes coming into effect. The County Councils Network (CCN) revealed earlier this year that three-quarters of English councils with social care duties are planning a 5% hike from April. This would cost average Band D households an extra £100 a year. Councils can do this after Jeremy Hunt’s budget announcement gave them the powers to hike prices up by 5% without holding a referendum. Previously they had only been allowed to raise council tax by up to 2%. But could there be a way you can save money on your council tax? There are three different ways you might be able to save money on your council tax, depending on your circumstances. These include: A common reason someone might be eligible for a discount is if they live alone. If you’re the only adult in your home, you’ll get a 25% discount on your council tax bill.  You might be eligible for this discount even if you don’t actually live alone. This is because some people are considered ‘disregarded people’ when it comes to needing to pay council tax. As per Citizens Advice, disregarded people include: Other disregarded people include those who are considered temporarily away from home – which could be anything from long-term hospital patients, care home residents and those in prison. People will also be disregarded for council tax if they have a learning disability or severe mental impairment – for example, if they have dementia. They’ll need a doctor’s certificate, and must be claiming a form of benefit, including Universal Credit or Income Support. You’ll get 50% off your bill if everyone else living in your household is disregarded. Other reductions on your council tax depend on individual circumstances and your council. You could be eligible if you’re on a low income or claim benefits. Your bill could be reduced by up to 100%. The amount you save depends on: MORE : NHS prescriptions will rise by 30p to £9.65 from next month MORE : Eight things you should do now to cut energy bill ahead of April price rise Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.