The number of points Boots Advantage Card holders will earn per pound is decreasing, the retailer has announced. Currently, Advantage Card holders earn 4p worth of points for every pound spent. However, from May, shoppers will only be able to earn 3p worth of points per pound spent. Instead, customers will get more immediate discounts and savings, including 10% off Boots own-brand products. This is in response to customer demand for more ‘immediate savings’ and comes with increased investment in Boots’ Price Advantage scheme, the retailer said. ‘Customers want to be rewarded with on-the-spot lower prices and instant value,’ Pete Markey, chief marketing officer at Boots, said. ‘We’ve also noticed that Advantage Card members are now more frequently using their points to buy essentials instead of saving them up. ‘We’ve listened and have expanded the scheme to give more instant reward, immediate value and lower prices.’ While customers won’t collect as many points per purchase, they will now receive a year-round 10% discount on all of Boots’s own-brand products. Plus, the expansion of the Price Advantage scheme means loyalty card holders will be able to get more discounts across a range of brands. Some customers will be able to score more points, too, with over-60s earning eight points per pound spent (equivalent to 8p) and Boots Parenting Club members, receiving 8 points for every £1 spent on products for their baby. Students will continue to get a 10% student discount alongside the 10% discount on Boots own-brand products. Current Advantage Card holders shouldn’t worry about losing any savings.  The retailer said, until May, customers will still earn 4p worth of points for every pound spent, and they won’t lose any of those points when the change comes in. An exact date is yet to be confirmed. Commenting on the change, Markey added: ‘Boots Advantage Card is one of the original and most generous loyalty programmes, and now we are making it better – to fit our customers changing needs and the way they now want to shop.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Tesco Clubcard app is closing – here’s how to still collect points MORE : Beauty fans staggered by dramatic results of Boots £12 ‘anti ageing’ foundation MORE : Boots shoppers are raving about these anti-ageing tanning drops