The incredible moment that saw strangers come together to save a woman’s life has been shared. At least three people formed a human chain after the victim fell into a stream in Lancashire on Sunday afternoon. One of the group said it was like she ‘had someone looking over her’, as one of her rescuers happened to be an off-duty paramedic, while another used to work at a hospital. Former hospital theatre technician Liam said he believed the ‘stars aligned’ to give the woman ‘a new chance in life’. The dramatic incident unravelled when Liam was out cycling along the Cheshire Lines path, near Lydiate. He knew something was wrong when he spotted a woman walking in the distance and she suddenly ‘disappeared in the blink of an eye’. Liam rushed to help her, while another cyclist and the off-duty paramedic also raced over. ‘It’s in the middle of nowhere so as soon as you see someone, they stick out like a sore thumb’, Liam told the Liverpool Echo. ‘I saw a lady walking along the farmer’s trail and suddenly she just goes, her head disappears. ‘A man then ran to her, he must’ve seen her as well, and I just knew something was wrong. He was an off-duty paramedic, what are the chances?’ Using an app, the rescue group was able to pinpoint emergency services to the area and the woman was taken to hospital. ‘Thankfully it’s a very low water level as it’s been dry lately, normally it’s very fast flowing’, Liam said. ‘We had to get in and turn the lady over, get her head out the water, so we did until we heard the sirens. The police were first on scene and all of us formed a chain to get her out.’ The hero added that ‘it all happened so quick’, and has urged people to download location apps to their phones in case they find themselves in a similar situation. Discussing the unlikelihood of the rescue, he said: ‘I’ve gone there many a day, week in, week out, and seen maybe two people that whole day; an off-duty paramedic was there as well and I used to be a hospital theatre technician. ‘Looking at everything it was so bizarre. She had someone looking over her, I’m convinced, every star was aligned for her.’ He added: ‘I’d like to tell her we all cared you lived, we all got together to get you out, hopefully one day it may be the catalyst to start a new life as she’s been given a new chance.’ Lancashire Police confirmed they were called to Acres Lane around 12.25pm on Sunday afternoon following reports of a concern for safety. A spokesperson said: ‘A woman in her 30s was rescued from the water in Cheshire Lines Brook. She was taken to hospital for treatment.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.