The Traitors is coming back with a bang for a one-off sketch in aid of Comic Relief – and it’s going to star plenty of celebrities. The Great British Bake off star Dame Mary Berry, 87, and comedy legends Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders are the first names confirmed for the Red Nose Day special. Love Actually creator Richard Curtis confirmed the good news on Saturday’s Radio 2 with host Claudia Winkleman, who, of course, hosted the OG The Traitors which gripped the nation last year. The sketch will see Claudia, played by Vicar of Dibley’s Dawn (who will surely wear one of the presenter’s iconic funnel-necked knitwear) assemble the celebrity Faithful and Traitors. Like the nail-biting series, the stars will have to suss out who the Traitors are among the Faithfuls in discussions full of twists and turns. Jennifer, 64, joked that agreeing to take part was ‘the worst day of my life’, adding: ‘The only reason why I agreed to this one was to meet Mary Berry.’ Dawn, 65, meanwhile, remarked: ‘This was the second worst day of my life. The absolute worst one was meeting Jennifer Saunders. ‘The only reason I agreed to this one was to show Claudia Winkleman the horror that awaits her in the mirror in 30 years’ time.’ The Traitors which first aired in November, saw 22 strangers play ‘the ultimate game of detection, backstabbing and trust’ at a Scottish Highlands castle with three winners splitting the £101,050 prize. It was eventually won by Aaron Evans, Meryl Williams and Hannah Byczkowski after they correctly identified Wilfred Webster as a Traitor. The second season was officially confirmed by the BBC in February, with Claudia returning as host. Kalpna Patel-Knight, the head of entertainment at the BBC, said: ‘Last year’s ambitious and bingeable hit The Traitors with Claudia Winkleman is coming back with the brilliant team at Studio Lambert set to bring viewers another magnificent series full of drama and suspense. ‘We can certainly expect even more deceit and psychological games for the Traitors and the Faithfuls.’ Comic Relief Night of TV will air on March 17 on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Traitors US winner Cirie Fields says Arie Luyendyk ‘tried to play victim’ at tense reunion and calls out ‘salty’ Quentin Jiles over loss MORE : BBC hit The Traitors is officially returning for series 2 – so let the backstabbing begin! 