A couple have been fined £500 each after they had such wild sex they kept fellow hotel guests awake. Jamie Boultbee and Kaylie Hursthouse checked into the Moorlands Izaak Walton in Ashbourne, Derbyshire, on Valentine’s Day. But they became so randy that police had to be called in the early hours of the morning. They were given a keycard to let themselves into the room where they had caused damage to the bathroom door. Prosecutor Karen Wright said: ‘Hursthouse was heavily intoxicated and smelt of alcohol. She was slurring her words and was unsteady on her feet. Boultbee was lying in bed. Hursthouse said the reason for the noise was them having rough sex. ‘She said a bruise to her head was from headbutting someone a few days earlier out of anger due to her losing a child.’ The hotel said they caused £1,000 in damages, including £250 they had to give as refunds to guests in three other rooms disturbed by the couple’s sex. Boultbee, who has 33 convictions for 65 offences, was represented by Mike Kimberley who described him as an alcoholic. He said: ‘The young lady saw he was suffering from depression and thought it was a good idea to go away for a romantic night. They were totally inebriated, angry and whatever. ‘The manager came. He was fully co-operative and Boultbee did say he would pay for any damage. He remembers kicking the bathroom door. The hotel has to be compensated. It is only right he pays £500 compensation. ‘Doctors have told him if he continues with his current lifestyle he will be dead within two years.’ Mark Bromley, mitigating for Hursthouse, said: ‘Unfortunately this planned romantic over-exuberant intimacy caused a disturbance for other residents of the hotel. ‘She also accepts that she should pay towards the problems that were caused.. They spent nearly £200 for this break away for two days. They had to cut their stay short because of the incident.’ The couple, from Burton, admitted criminal damage and were fined £500 each along with other costs totalling £161. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 