Mystic Meg has died at the age of 80. The famous astrologer’s daily horoscopes were followed in The Sun for 23 years by millions. Sadly, the star – real name Margaret Lake – was admitted to St Mary’s Hospital, Paddington in London last month while suffering from flu. She died at 3.45am this morning (March 9). Her agent of 34 years, Dave Shapland, told the outlet: ‘Without any question, she was Britain’s most famous astrologer by a million miles. ‘Nobody came close to Meg in that respect. She was followed by millions in this country and also around the world. ‘She even became part of the English language – if a politician, somebody from showbiz or ordinary people in the street are asked a tricky question they will say “Who do you think I am, Mystic Meg?” ‘It shows what an impact she made.’ Piers Morgan has also paid tribute, having worked with Lake while he was at News of the World. ‘Mystic Meg was Britain’s most famous astrologer and a fascinatingly mysterious lady who loved her work with a passion but was rarely seen or heard in public,’ the controversial broadcaster said. ‘I was her editor at the News of the World for several years and she was extraordinarily professional in everything she did. A master of her very popular craft.’ Sun editor Victoria Newton admitted they had ‘lost an icon’. ‘Our brilliant and incomparable Meg was synonymous with The Sun – she was a total legend. We loved her and so did our readers,’ she said. Born in Accrington, Lancashire in July 1942, Lake first rose to fame with her astrology in 1994, when she appeared weekly on The National Lottery Live in Mystic Meg Predicts until 2000. The segment was a 45-second reading, during which she attempted to predict facts about the future winner. Later, she acquired her own regular astrology column in The Sun, and until its demise, the News of the World. She also hosted Mystic Meg’s Wheel of Destiny for Sun Bingo and her image appears on various astrology-related books and merchandise. Lake left The Sun on in January 2015, but returned in April 2016. Lake shared a three-bedroom flat in Notting Hill with seven cats. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Queer Eye fan favourite Tom Jackson, star of first episode, dies aged 63 MORE : Fiddler On The Roof star Chaim Topol dies aged 87  