Katie Price’s ex-partner Carl Woods hinted at a potential reunion between the former couple after he got a huge tattoo of the star’s face inked onto his chest. The Love Islander, 34, has two other tributes to the former glamour model and was engaged to Katie before the pair went their separate ways. Making a rude gesture, the reality star gave himself a permanent reminder of his ex-fiancée with the likeness that resembles the 44-year-old. The tattoo shows the portrait of a woman with long hair who also has the mother-of-five’s signature lips. According to snaps uploaded by a Gloucester-based studio, Carl added the huge artwork to his heavily inked body. He can be seen laying down on the artist’s bed while the professional got to work drawing the permanent picture. The next image shows the star standing up as he proudly debuts his latest addition. Describing the icon as a ‘Mexican day of the dead girl’, the studio revealed it was ‘made to look similar to Katie’. They also noted Carl to be Katie’s ‘boyfriend’ as they uploaded the photos on their public Instagram page, adding fuel to the swirling rumours that their on-again off-again romance has been rekindled. The tumultuous duo is reportedly seeking advice from couples therapy as they make one last attempt to salvage their relationship. After dating for two years, Katie and Carl called it quits last December, ending their engagement. Despite splitting up, the infamous couple were then spotted enjoying a trip to Thailand for Carl’s 34th birthday and seemingly back in love again once more. At the time an insider shared with The Sun: ‘Katie and Carl are giving their relationship one last attempt and have agreed to attend couples’ therapy to try and save their engagement. ‘Carl has agreed to attend and has warned Katie if she plays games or cheats he’s done for good this time. ‘He says he won’t be made to look a mug. They’ve gone to Thailand as a family with hopes of being able to move on from what’s happened in the past.’ Metro.co.uk contacted Katie’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price grins as she enjoys night out in Thailand with her youngest kids Bunny, 8, and Jett, 9 MORE : Katie Price reported to RSPCA over concerns for kitten in Mucky Mansion episode 