Tributes have been paid to the three people killed in a horror crash in Wales. Eve Smith, 21, Darcy Ross, 21 and Rafel Jeanne, 24, were all reported missing after going on a night out at the Muffler club in Newport on Friday. Over the weekend, loved ones had been desperately appealing for help to trace them. Police confirmed  this morning that three bodies were discovered on the site of a collision in the St Mellons area of Cardiff. Detectives have now formally identified the victims of the incident on the A48. Ms Smith, Ms Ross and Mr Jeanne were in the Volkswagen Tiguan that came off the road, crashing into trees, with two other friends. Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, have since been rushed to hospital with serious injuries. Tributes have been paid on social media to the three friends, while some people travelled to the site of the crash to leave flowers and candles. One relative of Ms Smith wrote: ‘I will not comment on anyone other than Eve Smith to confirm that she has been confirmed as deceased. ‘Thank you for your support and shares and I won’t be answering messages please allow us some time as a family to digest this terrible news.’ A friend of Ms Ross and Ms Smith wrote: ‘I don’t really have the words right now.‘Darcy Ross I’m going to miss you little gypsy girl. ‘You were one of a kind, I’m going to miss trying to “life coach” you as you would’ve said. You were a real ray of sunshine especially on my bad days. ‘Eve Smith you were truly a beautiful young girl, who’s heart was made of gold just like your sister’s, give her a big hug for me and hold each other tight until the day we all have our turn and reunite.’ Meanwhile, a friend of Mr Loughlin said it was ‘heartbreaking’ to find out what had happened to their ‘dear’ friend. They posted: ‘I am so proud of us all pulling together out there searching for our dear friends last night. ‘It’s heartbreaking what’s happened to Rafel Jeanne and those two girls. My body is still shaking and I can’t stop being sick the thought of them all there all of that time. ‘Many times I have driven past, it just makes me so sad and to how helpless our Shane Loughlin must of felt trapped inside. ‘Wish Sophie a speedy recovery and I send all my love and strength to all the families involved.’ Their car was discovered shortly after midnight on Monday, South Wales Police said. Officers believe the car was involved in a crash with another vehicle and came off the road, but it is not clear exactly when that happened. The A48 has been closed in both directions, near to the Cardiff Garden Centre. Photos from the scene show large green fencing and tarpaulin has been erected around the site, which is among trees. Meanwhile, Thomas Taylor, from the Rumney area of Cardiff, has been arrested at the scene for prevention of breach of the peace. It is understood the 47-year-old was arrested after being asked to leave the area. A Gwent Police spokesperson said: ‘Three of those who were reported missing have been found deceased, two have been taken to hospital with serious injuries. ‘Specialist officers are supporting the families of those involved and enquiries are ongoing. The case has been referred to the IOPC in line with normal procedures.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.