Tesco Clubcard holders beware – Tesco is scrapping its Clubcard app next month. The Clubcard app is a handy digital version of the classic Tesco Clubcard which can be used to collect points at the checkout. But it’s being scrapped six weeks from now on18 April 2023. It follows the closure of the Tesco Pay+ app, which customers were able to use to pay for their shopping using a personalised barcode, last week. Not to worry, though: Tesco customers are instead being encouraged to download the new and revamped Tesco Grocery and Clubcard app, where they will be able to pay for their shopping in store, view their Clubcard points, order online groceries and check for products in their local store. Using the app, customers will still be able to easily scan their Clubcards at the checkout, with the option to add their digital Clubcard to an Apple or Google wallet. A Tesco spokesperson said: ‘With the combined power of Clubcard Prices, coupons and vouchers alongside our Reward Partner codes, Clubcard is the best way to get value at Tesco – and our Grocery and Clubcard app is the easiest way to make the most of all your Clubcard has to offer. ‘You can use it when shopping online or in-store as a one-stop-shop to save money, collect points and use your vouchers and coupons. ‘You can also unlock extra value from your vouchers by using them with one of our Reward Partners through the Grocery & Clubcard app.’ Thankfully, current Clubcard holders need not worry that their points will disappear. Customers won’t lose any points, vouchers or coupons, which will simply rollover to the Grocery and Clubcard app. For those who don’t download the new app, their points will be available on their online account. The new app is free to download on Apple and Android. If you already use the original Clubcard app, you won’t need to sign up again. Simply download the app through the banner in the current Clubcard app and your account will automatically be moved over to the new app. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Which supermarkets are rationing fruit and vegetables and what are the rules? MORE : Aldi named UK’s cheapest supermarket, here’s how the others compare MORE : Is it cheaper to shop at Lidl or Aldi? Comparing seven grocery essentials