The next Full Moon is on March 7, in the sun sign of Pisces and therefore its opposing sign of Virgo. Full Moons always bring a pause in the month to reflect, ponder, contemplate, review, and release. More thought than action. This Full Moon’s Virgo vibe draws our attention to home, health, and work. Particularly, the routines, schedules and rituals we have created around those things. Are they working? Are they rewarding? Are they efficient and easy to do? Are they a default or a struggle? Figure out what’s important to be done, automatically and regularly, around your home, health, and work, and review the processes or routines you have for doing it. Improvements, with helpful Virgo, can always be made! Let the tarot guide you towards what you need to sharpen up in your life this Full Moon… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the Full Moon in Virgo: The Magician Meaning: It’s important in your life to be creative, to come up with ideas, to invent new ways and means of doing things, to innovate and be progressive. Are you set up to do that? Do you know when you’re at your most creative and do you schedule that work then? Do you know how to stimulate out-the-box thinking in yourself? Do you seek good stimulus and food for thought? Consider, because The Magician shows you can get more out if you make your creativity a priority process! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for the Full Moon in Virgo: The Sun Meaning: You are a pleasure seeker but sometimes you forget to really plan your downtime, you just sort of drift into it and often end up on the couch, not doing much, maybe feeling like you’ve wasted your time off. The Sun urges you to schedule your fun! Plan for it. Look for things you really want to do and spread them out over the coming weeks. Don’t overplan it, but do add in some structure so you make the most of the time you have to yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for the Full Moon in Virgo: Temperance Meaning: You tend to lean towards extremes vs finding a nice balance across your whole life. Temperance asks you to keep things in moderation and keep the variety of activity going. When you like something, don’t overdo it because you take the shine off it. When you’re committed to a project, make sure you have other things going on too or you’ll feel bored of it before too long. Don’t let your routines between one-sided or overly focused on just one thing. Keep the balance and you’ll feel energised because a change is as good as a rest for Geminis. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for the Full Moon in Virgo: The Hermit Meaning: You need more quality time alone. Not for brooding, sleeping, or dwelling on old wounds (although, if you must, then do so…) but for concentration, research, personal development, enlightenment and investment in your own self. The Hermit asks you to get serious about what you do with your alone time – make it count, make it valuable, make it have a purpose. Use reading, podcasts, meditation, creativity, research, and puzzles to stimulate your mind, have ideas, learn, process things, come up with inspirations. Put down the remote control and pick up your journal! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for the Full Moon in Virgo: Nine of Cups Meaning: The Nine of Cups is a nudge that you might not be putting enough focus and structured work into achieving and moving closer to your most heartfelt wish right now. Leo, it won’t happen by itself! Dreams can come true but that requires traction and action. You need to make it happen. You need to treat this like a project, not a fantasy, and create a plan of attack. Take this more seriously and start putting the effort in because you can do it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for the Full Moon in Virgo: Ten of Coins Meaning: Focus your practical, problem-solving gaze on your long term investments like mortgage, savings, pension, and any other schemes you pay into. Are they working? Are they the best destination for your hard-earned cash right now? The Ten of Coins shows you can probably make better choices in the long run with a  focused review of those assets right now. This is not about the here and now but what makes the most sense over time, in the long run, measured against your future plans and ideals. Get professional advice. Have a look around. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for the Full Moon in Virgo: Eight of Wands Meaning: Communication is the theme of your practical review this Full Moon, whether this is around work, family, friends, other half, or community. Do you spend a lot of time chasing up information you need which doesn’t come to you by default? Do you find yourself having to update everyone individually? Do you feel you put a lot in to relationships and don’t get as much out of them? Have a ponder and try different methods of communicating and for receiving information you need, promptly and in full! The Eight of Wands will bring you some great ideas. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for the Full Moon in Virgo: The Lovers Meaning: Some outstanding decisions are getting in the way of you being able to commit and progress with your priorities either in home, health, or work. Until you make up your mind, you don’t truly know what to focus on, and therefore everything hangs a little in the balance. This Full Moon, focus on the unknowns. Ask questions. Research. Consult your intuition. Pressure-test your options. The Lovers shows this is probably a head vs heart choice… but it needs to be made. Now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for the Full Moon in Virgo: Three of Swords Meaning: You are acting in a slightly distorted way to avoid pressing on a wound that you’re fiercely protective of. Someone or something has hurt you deeply and the pain is intense. This is making you over-react, be super defensive, push back in OTT ways… and that is actually hurting you (and others) even more. The system has broken. Take a break. Breathe. Process. Heal. The Three of Swords asks you to put blame where it’s owed and nowhere else. Don’t make yourself, or others, pay. Don’t create new problems. Focus on healing your emotional wound and getting back to normal. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for the Full Moon in Virgo: King of Coins Meaning: The King of Coins is you to a tee – practical, wealthy, ambitious, successful, go-getting. You are on the make this Full Moon, looking at stepping up your game in work and wealth-creation. In fact, you’d like to take on a more leadership or entrepreneurial outlook or role. This is the time to plan your strategy, create a vision, research your tactics to get ahead and get what you deserve. Promotion, investment, creation. You are intent on making your own luck in this life and it starts here. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for the Full Moon in Virgo: Two of Swords Meaning: This Full Moon, face into your biggest and most tricky life decision. Get it all out on the table, pick it apart, deconstruct the options and consequences, mitigate the risks, pressure test your thinking, get feedback. This decision is the key to unlocking your momentum right now and, until you make it, you will keep on circling the same old ground. The Two of Swords brings clarity, honesty, and courage to face into all of the issues and still come through with a winning plan. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for the Full Moon in Virgo: The Hierophant Meaning: The Hierophant sees you seeking a mentor-type relationship or session right now – whether that be in health (doctor, personal trainer, herbalist etc), or financial (advisor or sage friend), or work (career coach, experienced colleague, inspiring leader). Or maybe all three! Being open to learning from others is a wonderful way to expand your knowledge and options almost overnight. Plus, most people love to help so they often throw in extra opportunities. Being asked for help makes people feel valued and respected and warmer towards you. Go seek your mentors! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for March 5 to March 11 MORE : All the key astrological dates in March – and what they mean for you MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023