A woman who has lost two siblings to car crashes over eight years has posted a heartbreaking tribute to her ‘baby sister’, saying: ‘I feel so empty because you’re not here with me anymore’. Eve Smith, 21, was one of three young people killed in a crash in Cardiff, with five of them missing for two days following a night out. Around 46 hours after they vanished, a Volkswagen Tiguan was discovered at the side of the A48 on Monday morning. Her older sister Xana Doyle was killed in another car crash in 2015, caused by a male driver who was drunk and had taken cocaine and cannabis. The 19-year-old hairdresser died instantly from head injuries when a friend stole a car to get to a party and the vehicle flipped, Daily Mail reports. Their sister Sherridan Borg, 23, said on Monday that she knows the two are ‘safe up there’ together, but she ‘wasn’t ready to let Eve go’ too. ‘Eve, My beautiful little sister I’ve cried laughed and fought with you every week, but I’ve never been without you’, she wrote. ‘We always said, “I got you always”, but now I’m sat here feeling so empty because you’re not here with me anymore, and I can’t accept this.’ Sherridan went on to say there was ‘no sister’ like Eve, who had always ‘made her feel so important’. She said: ‘You always made me feel so important, sending me messages to remind me how much you love me and I’d tell you just how much I loved you more! ‘You saved me from so much Eve all the times I’ve been low it was you that I’d turn to, and now I’m feeling heavy because I couldn’t save you. ‘I loved seeing you grow into this beautiful young woman and you used to get so worried that we wouldn’t be close as you grew up, but I’d remind you that sisters don’t ever break a bond and ours well there isn’t, no bond like ours my girl you’ll always be my baby sister. ‘I know you’re safe up there with our beautiful sister Xana but I was never ready to let you go, my body is aching without you, please watch over me. I love you forever and always.’ Eve’s family appeared in a Sky documentary calling for tougher sentences for dangerous drivers after Xana died. Darcy Ross, 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, were killed alongside Eve at the weekend, while Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, survived but remain in a critical condition. The group had partied at the Muffler club in Millport on Friday night before tragedy struck. None of them had contacted loved ones or been active on social media since the night out, leaving their families panicked. It’s claimed a search party found the crash victims before the police did, with family members slamming officers for allegedly not taking their concerns seriously. Anna Certowicz, Sophie’s mum, said officers told her her daughter was probably out partying’. ‘It’s too awful to imagine what she went through trapped in the car in the dark until it got light and then dark again over two days’, she said. ‘Sophie was lying there for all that time, they could all have been found much quicker if the police had started searching straight away.’ South Wales Police (SWP) said on Monday evening that their investigation into the incident is continuing. Both SWP and neighbouring force Gwent Police, who were leading the missing persons investigation prior to the discovery of the car, said they have referred themselves to the Independent Office of Police Conduct (IOPC) ‘in line with normal procedure’. An IOPC spokesman said: ‘We can confirm that Gwent Police have advised us that they are making a referral in connection with this tragic incident and we will carry out an assessment in due course to determine what further action may be required from us.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.