Brooklyn Beckham and his wife Nicola Peltz oozed style as they appeared together at this year’s Valentino Show for Paris Fashion Week. Actress Nicola, 28, showed off her impressive figure in a black mini dress and black patent Valentino platform heels. Brooklyn, 24, looked every part the doting husband as he stood alongside his wife in a white shirt and smart black suit. He posed with his arm around his wife as the pair were all smiles for the event as part of Paris Fashion Week. Brooklyn, the son of football icon David Beckham, packed on the PDA with Nicola while also flashing the peace sign to fans at the show. Emma Roberts, Florence Pugh, Priyanka Chopra, and Nick Jonas were also present at the event. It comes after Brooklyn’s mom, former Spice Girl Victoria Beckham, raved about spending time with her son and his wife in a sweet snap on her Instagram. Sharing a photo of 24-year-old Brooklyn, 28-year-old actress Nicola, and her youngest child, Harper Beckham, 11, doting mum Victoria wrote: ‘Makes me happy.’ The Beckham family celebrated Brooklyn’s birthday in the French capital over the weekend. David, Victoria, Brooklyn, Harper, and youngest son Cruz, 20, were all in attendance, but unfortunately their middle son Romeo, 20, could not be there. Victoria shared that he was ‘missed’ in a post on social media. The fashion mogul also posted a sweet tribute to the birthday boy, showing loving brother Brooklyn embracing Harper in a series of snaps. ‘Your little sister loves you more than you could ever know and being together on your birthday made us all so happy,’ Victoria wrote in the caption. ‘We love you so much @brooklynpeltzbeckham #harperseven 💕@davidbeckham.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Best actor nominee Colin Farrell reveals his Oscars date and it couldn’t be cuter MORE : John Cena admits Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson forced him to ‘address his flaws’ in WWE 