A woman who slit her five children’s throats has been euthanised at her own request. Genevieve Lhermitte, 56, received assisted suicide on the 16th anniversary of her children’s deaths on Tuesday. She carried out the attack in 2007 in the city of Nivelles while her husband Bouchaib Moqadem was visiting family in Morocco. Yasmine, 14, Nora, 12, Myriam, 10, Mina, seven and Mehdi, three, were killed in the attack. Lhermitte then tried to commit suicide by stabbing herself, but she was unsuccessful and called emergency services. At her trial her lawyer pleaded insanity, claiming she could not be held responsible for her actions. But judges rejected the insanity plea and sentenced Lhermitte to life imprisonment. She entered a psychiatric centre in 2019 where she spent two years before moving to a more open regime. She returned to the psychiatric centre again following a suicide attempt. Psychologist Emilie Maroit told local media: ‘There are three main conditions for being able to be euthanised. ‘It’s unbearable physical or psychological suffering, which is certainly her case. A medical case deemed hopeless. ‘The evaluation is done by doctors, especially at the psychological level. And then, the patient must clearly and repeatedly express their desire to resort to euthanasia.’ On the day of the murders Lhermitte stole two knives from a supermarket. She returned home to cook a family lunch, but locked the door and began the killings. She claimed she felt ‘desperate and trapped’ with her children. She told the court: ‘I gave [my husband] a son and killed him. I’ve lost all children through my own fault. They never deserved it. ‘I shall suffer to the end of my days – that is my punishment.’ Lhermitte’s funeral took place following her cremation in the town of Gilly on 1st March. Maroit said: ‘It’s a symbol for her children, but also a sacrifice. Maybe it was also a way for her to finish what she started. ‘Initially, she wanted to end her life when she killed her five children. Maybe it’s a way to do it on the date that was originally planned.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.