Anal with her boss on a business trip. Blowing a professional footballer in a car park. A hook up with a wedding guest in the woods. These are just some of the X-rated stories that members of the hotpast subreddit group have shared that get them going. But they’re not reminiscing about their own sexual encounters – these are stories about their current partners, and his or her exes. While some of us may think it would be ‘hard’ to hear about what your partner got up to before you rocked their world, it’s actually a very popular turn on – and the 86,000 members of hotpast would agree. Sex expert, Ness Cooper, says that this kink is pretty common, and is more commonly known as ‘compersion’. It’s all about getting sexual pleasure out of the fact that your partner has previously had good sexual encounters. Ness told Metro.co.uk: ‘Compersion can happen within both monogamous and non-monogamous relationships. ‘Some individuals who enjoy hearing about their partners erotic pasts may be experiencing a form of compersion – they feel happy, and even turned on knowing their partner had positive sexual experiences within a previous relationship. ‘They may also be experiencing a form of ‘erotic transference’ which can happen when a partner brings their past sexual and erotic experiences into a new relationship, and the feelings around those experiences are transferred to the new relationship.’ Ultimately, compersion can lead to a better sex life. ‘Someone with this kink may be excited to learn more about their partners sexual likes and dislikes, and see it as a way to connect and learn more about them. ‘This could also lead to the possibility of adding in things sexually they know their partner previously enjoyed, and in some cases lead to more satisfying sex for them.’ In some cases, we’re also more likely to find someone hot if we know they’re adventurous between the sheets. ‘Some studies suggest that there’s a higher chance of someone finding someone erotically hot if they have a sexual past and erotic experiences,’ Ness added. Separate male and female subreddits dedicated to the discussion of hotpast have very different followings. The male subreddit discussing their partners previous encounters has nearly 86,000 members, as mentioned earlier, while the female subreddit has just 202 members. So is it more common in men than women? Ness said it’s a lot more common in both sexes than people admit. She said: ‘Society sees discussing past sexual experiences as a negative, so hotpast or compersion it often put into the kink category. ‘Some see it similar to a form of cheating or believe it goes against expectations of ‘purity’. ‘But we all know that multiple sexual partners and sexual thoughts involving others is very normal. Being turned on by your partner’s past sexual exploits is nothing to be ashamed of.’ But doesn’t hearing about your partner with someone else make you jealous? Maybe. But that doesn’t always have to be a bad thing. Ness says: ‘Firstly, it may be more that you’re turned on by hearing about a particular erotic act rather than who was involved in the erotic encounter. ‘And, when someone does experience anecdotal jealously, they may experience positive – and even erotic feelings – to counter the negative worries. ‘This can release dopamine and make the individual feel good about a situation that normally may threaten them.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : There’s nothing wrong with the shape or size of your clit, no matter what Matt Rife says MORE : All the Love Island contestants’ star signs (and whether they’re an astrological match) MORE : Kate Middleton nails it again wearing Zara houndstooth skirt and cream coat