A baby found in the search for the missing newborn of Constance Marten and Mark Gordon could have been dead ‘for some time’, police have said. The couple were arrested in Brighton on Monday night. They were detained on suspicion of child neglect and remain in police custody after nearly two months on the run. Police confirmed they had found the body of an infant on Wednesday evening. In a press conference today, police said formal identification had not yet been carried out. But they added they feared the baby found may have been ‘dead for quite some time’. Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford said: ‘At this stage we have not yet been able to confirm the baby’s gender and post-mortem examination has not yet taken place. ‘Despite this, based on our inquiries we’ve carried out so far, we believe sadly the baby may have been dead for some time before they were found. ‘It is too early for us to provide a more specific date. ‘Because we believe the death occurred during the course of a missing person investigation we have made a mandatory referral to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC). This is standard protocol for such circumstances.’ He added: ‘We are truly devastated by the outcome and we know this emotion is being felt here in Brighton and across the country today. ‘We know there are still many unanswered questions, and it is important that we give the investigation team the time and space they need to establish more details about the circumstances of this tragic death.’ Teams had led a desperate search to scour a large area between Brighton and Newhaven to try to find the baby. Helicopters, sniffer dogs, thermal imaging cameras and drones were all used in the search. An investigation was launched when the couple vanished on January 5, after their child was born in a car in Bolton. Their vehicle was found abandoned and on fire at the edge of the M61. The pair managed to evade police for 54 days, paying for everything in cash and covering their faces when on CCTV. They moved around the country, paying for everything in cash and covering their faces when on CCTV. But a tip-off led to them being detained at around 9.30pm on Monday by officers from Sussex Police in Stanmer Villas. CCTV footage had showed Marten and Gordon walking past a row of houses in Brighton, both with their hoods up, prior to their arrest. Marten comes from an aristocratic family with royal connections. On Tuesday her father, Napier Marten, expressed his immense relief that she had been found, but said he remained alarmed that the baby was missing. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.