The Tories have fallen 26 points behind Labour in a fresh blow to Rishi Sunak’s leadership. The Conservative Party’s prospects do not appear to have improved despite the Prime Minister’s Brexit trade agreement. Mr Sunak set out the ‘new Windsor framework’ in a press conference with EU chief Ursula von der Leyen in late February, three years after the original Brexit deal. He acknowledged that the UK and EU have ‘had our differences’, but declared ‘the beginning of a new chapter in our relationship’. New findings from Redfield & Wilton Strategies research and Ipsos found the public appeared to take little confidence from the new trade agreement. The research group found the Conservative Party was lagging 27 points behind before the announcement In the time since, they have only won back one point. Mr Sunak’s personal approval ratings stand at minus nine but this is an eight-point improvement from the previous level, MailOnline reports. In more positive news for the Conservatives, the government’s competency rating has crept up. However, an Ipsos survey shows 70% of adults do not believe the government’s policies will improve the state of public services in the long term, with just 23% thinking they will. It comes amid polling figures found support for the Conservative Party slumped since Boris Johnson’s partygate scandal. The Tories have struggled to recover amid a backdrop of soaring energy bills and the cost of living crisis. Meanwhile, Sir Keir Starmer has been forced to defend his decision to appoint Sue Gray – the former senior civil servant behind the Partygate report – to work for him as his chief of staff. The Labour leader said he had ‘absolutely no contact’ with Ms Gray before her report on lockdown-busting parties at No.10 in May last year. ‘I’ve been looking for a chief of staff for a little while now, but Sue will lay that out, but there’s nothing improper at all,’ he told LBC. Cabinet Office minister Jeremy Quin told MPs it was ‘unprecedented’ for a senior civil servant to resign for a job with the opposition. He warned Rishi Sunak may block the appointment if Ms Gray has broken the rules by not warning the anti-corruption Acoba committee of her plans. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.