This week, we entered a new month: a new beginning, a fresh start, a powerful month which heralds the start of a brand new season and astrological new year. Renewal and rebirth are strong themes, and you’ll get the chance to have a mini do-over. You get to recalibrate and reset. You get to really pin down your aspirations and hopes for 2023 (now that you’ve gotten to know it a little better). Let the tarot guide you towards the new start you’re ready for. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Page of Swords Meaning: Green light! Go, go, go. The Page of Swords is here to give you total, unbridled permission to pursue your dreams, goals, and ideals. Nothing is off the table, it’s all to play for. Be led by your best hopes. Stop procrastinating or doubting yourself and have faith that you can manifest the things which you daydream about the most. Make a plan this week to launch into your biggest, boldest goals and get them well underway by June. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Knight of Swords Meaning: You are stoic and determined, but also laidback and deliberating. It can take quite a bit to really stir you up into pro-active action and doing. The Knight of Swords brings that go-getting energy this March and it makes you make changes, big ones which suit you and you alone. You’re done with waiting and seeing, holding back, letting others lead. You are putting you and your agenda front and centre. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: The Fool Meaning: Well, well. The Fool is the tarot’s first card and its patron saint of new beginnings, so this Spring is going to signal a completely exciting and renewing time for you personally, professionally and probably across the board! One big change will trigger others (it’s often the way isn’t it). The trick here is to do what suits you, what feels exciting and fun. Even if others disapprove… ignore them. They don’t have to live your life – you do! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Page of Wands Meaning: You are keen to experiment, have fun, try new things, broaden your circle or scope of activities and hobbies. You are tired of diddling along in the same old grooves and well-worn pathways. You yearn for adventure and new news and travel. What’s stopping you? This Spring, get friendly with the have-a-go Page of Wands and plan a whole season of new stuff to do, see, and visit. Make a fun schedule. When you start, more ideas will flow. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Four of Swords Meaning: You need to work out how you can build more satisfying and healing deep rest and relaxation into your life. You burn that candle at both ends, you run on empty all too often, you feel fatigue and genuine burn out sometimes. It’s not ideal. The Four of Swords asks you to make March relaxing and slow-paced. Re-set the clock. Work out what makes you most refreshed and schedule more of it in, and don’t skip it. Be good to your mind and body. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Six of Coins Meaning: You want to start doing something charitable, giving, generous, kind, and healing. You are a natural helper and do-gooder, in the best possible way. You can genuinely improve things for others as you are practical, direct, and super smart. The Six of Coins asks you to look around locally and find good causes or projects you can get involved with, have fun with, and feel rewarded by doing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Three of Wands Meaning: Lose the dairy, scrap the calendar, ditch the schedule. You are keen to live a little looser, go with the flow, be spontaneous, and see what happens when you just let life unfold without control or interruption. Obviously, some things need doing, but you suspect that much of your scheduled activity is ‘for the sake of it’. The Three of Wands says you should be free and easy this month and see what happens! The cosmos will bring goodies. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Four of Cups Meaning: You are keen to re-engage with what’s already in your life, around you everyday, and you feel you might have taken for granted a bit recently. We all do it, we all overlook the consistent and reliable forces in our life. The Four of Cups shows you’re ready to recognise the gifts you already possess and make more fuss and noise around them. You want to celebrate your loyal supporters. You want to be happy in your own skin in your own life with what you have. Contentment. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Two of Coins Meaning: Sag, be yourself, be the zany, full on, reckless, full-of-life, vital and vivacious creature you truly are at heart and DGAF what anyone else thinks or says. You can have it all! The Two of Coins is a nudge to live large, say yes to everything, be energetic, be present, and take on as much as you can carry. The more you do, the more you can do. If you want something done, ask a busy person, and that will be you this Spring! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Ten of Swords Meaning: The new beginning you wish to initiate is actually a phase of saying ‘no’ to things (and people). In fact, that sounds like heaven right now. Getting your power, space, and time back. Reclaiming what others have taken and not rewarded or repaid. Reserving what’s important for those that merit it. Cap, do it. The Ten of Swords is permission to discern what and whom you trust with your time and energy. If it is not working, then take it back. Be ruthless. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: The Wheel of Fortune Meaning: You are ready for a change, new scenery, fresh ideas, different people, transformation and progress. The Wheel of Fortune will bring you all of that and more. Expect a very exciting and empowering Spring. The key thing you can do is to activate one big change yourself. Push that wheel of fortune in the right direction, towards something you truly desire or want to be different. It will trigger a domino effect of renewal and movement. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: The Empress Meaning: Love is what makes your world go around and you want this Spring to be all about love. That may mean sharing special moments with your other half, falling in love with someone, starting or growing your own family, reuniting with long lost family, prioritising fun with friends, or even getting a new pet. It’s the people (and pets) in our life that make it what it is. The Empress urges you to put them all at the forefront of where you spend time and energy this March. Be happy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : All the key astrological dates in March – and what they mean for you MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : How your star sign can make more friends – and who your astrological besties are