Hugh Grant has admitted he struggled to control his temper while filming the upcoming Dungeons & Dragons movie. The Love Actually actor, 62, will play the role of Forge Fletcher, a Rogue – the main antagonist – in the film. Filming has wrapped on the flick, which is due out this year, with the Notting Hill star being previously s spotted shooting scenes in Northern Ireland, alongside co-stars Michelle Rodriguez and Chris Pine. However, it appears there were a few bumps in the road while Dungeons & Dragons was in production. The Gentleman actor confessed he had a ‘couple of tantrums’ while on set and now regrets his fiery outburst. He told the Daily Mail: ‘I lost my temper with a woman in my eyeline on day one. I assumed she was some executive from the studio who should have known better. ‘Then it turns out that she’s an extremely nice local woman who was the chaperone of the young girl. Terrible. A lot of groveling.’ Hugh then joked he had done a ‘Christian Bale’ in reference to the actor, who apologised after having an ‘incredibly embarrassing meltdown’ on set. Back in 2009, footage emerged of the Amsterdam actor berate a film crew member in an expletive-laden rant during the making of Terminator: Salvation. Dungeons & Dragons was adapted for the big screen over 20 years ago by Courtney Solomon, in a version starring Marlon Waylans and Jeremy Irons. But reviews were negative and it proved to be a major flop with audiences, with the film only recouping just over half of its initial budget of $45million (£37m). The 2023 version, hoping to perform much better, is helmed by Johnathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley. The duo have worked together on several films, including Spider-Man: Homecoming in 2017 and Game Night, with Sharon Horgan, the year after. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Christian Bale has ‘no idea’ what makes a hit film as he stars in The Pale Blue Eye MORE : The Pale Blue Eye review: Detective whodunnit with Christian Bale is a class act from start to finish  