Paul Mescal has spoken candidly about his mental health as he admits a famous Normal People scene acted as a ‘warning’ to him. The Irish actor, 27, has become one of the biggest breakthrough acts in recent years since appearing in the TV adaption of Sally Rooney’s acclaimed novel in 2020. Paul has since starred alongside Oscar-winner Olivia Colman in The Lost Daughter and has even been nominated for an Academy Award himself through his role in heartbreaking indie film Aftersun. This weekend will see Paul face off against Hollywood royalty in the hopes of being awarded best actor in a leading role. Ahead of the potentially life-changing night, the star spoke to The Irish Times where he reflected on his career and opportunities, as well as how he looks after his mental health. ‘I suffered and have suffered from… mild depression,’ he told the outlet. With several of the characters he has played – including Normal People’s Connell and Aftersun’s Callum – struggling with their mental health, the actor says it’s something he is ‘proud people associate with my work.’ His character shave a ‘commonality’ in ‘what can happen’ to people if they are not looking after their mental health.’ One particular scene in Normal People drew massive praise from the public as the popular student sat in therapy speaking bravely about his spiralling depression. Paul now says playing that character ‘acted like a warning shot to me.’ ‘I remember thinking: “I’ve got to start looking after myself because I don’t feel that far away from what Connell was expressing sometimes.” And what a privilege to get to figure that out… and be like, “oh, cop on to yourself here and start talking to someone.”‘ The star, who is also set to appear in new film God’s Creatures, is now in Hollywood ahead of the Oscars, and was spotted bringing his brother and sister along or a party in LA this week. Paul’s career is set to continue going from strength to strength regardless of the results at the ceremony this weekend, as he’s already clinched the starring role in the upcoming sequel to Gladiator. It was confirmed earlier this year that the actor would star in Sir Ridley Scott’s sequel, and 27-year-old Paul has already been hitting the gym before shooting kicks off. Speaking at this week’s Independent Spirit Awards, the Irish star joked: ‘Every time someone asks me if I’ve started working out, I’m like, “What do you mean? You can’t tell?”’ ‘I’m working hard. Hopefully, when you see me in three or four weeks, you’ll be able to see it,’ Paul added when speaking to Variety. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jenna Ortega details flustered meeting with Paul Mescal at SAG Awards 2023: ‘I was so nervous’ MORE : Paul Mescal invites beaming brother and sister to Hollywood bash ahead of Oscars  