Three schoolboys have wowed the country with their royal-themed outfits for World Book Day. March 1 inspires families up and down the country to create their very best literary-inspired costumes. Harry Potter, Roald Dahl’s Matilda and Mary Poppins are among the common choices each year. But a new wave of families have taken inspiration from Prince Harry’s best-selling book: Spare. The bombshell memoir broke records after being released in January. Making use of fake beards, dog tags and their natural ginger locks, school children have now dressed as the duke and his book to mark World Book Day. Teddy Pickles, from Harrogate in North Yorkshire, was among the stand-out costumes. The nine-year-old’s dad, Ash, told Metro.co.uk: ‘We came up with the idea as there has been so much on the news about the book, Prince Harry and the south park skit. ‘Teddy always likes to go as another ginger and enjoys the humorous side of costumes.’ Chase Hunter-Matthews also received praise online after his mum Nikki shared a picture of him beaming in his Prince Harry outfit. The 12-year-old, who has cerebral palsy, posed for the photo at home in Ebbsfleet, Kent. Using a communication aid, Chase told Metro.co.uk: ‘Dressing up as Prince Harry was great fun!’ Nikki added: ‘Chase always loves dressing up for World Book Day and when I suggested he go as Prince Harry he was really excited to be a Prince for the day!’ Elsewhere, three-year-old Ellis Wright was transformed into the duke by his talented make-up artist mum. They created his outfit at their home in Surrey. Mum Melissa Wright was inspired by her son’s ‘feisty’ personality. She told the Mirror: ‘I was a bit worried because I guess it is a controversial topic because everybody does have quite a big opinion. ‘Essentially, it is just fun. ‘As he’s only three, I was giving him some suggestions; the typical sort of Julia Donaldson characters or things three year olds would like to be read. Then, he was like, ‘no, no I don’t want that one. “He is quite feisty, he’s definitely got an opinion, which then kind of led me to Harry.’ A spokesperson for World Book Day said: ‘Reading for pleasure is the single biggest indicator of a child’s future success – more than their family circumstances, their parents’ educational background or their income. ‘We want to see more children, particularly those from disadvantaged backgrounds, with a life-long habit of reading for pleasure and the improved life chances this brings them. ‘Designated by UNESCO as a worldwide celebration of books and reading, World Book Day is marked in over 100 countries around the globe.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.