Yesterday’s statement by Home Secretary Suella Braverman, as she introduced the Government’s new Illegal Migration Bill in the House of Commons, needs calling out for what it really is: a nasty, divisive, and morally abhorrent attack on this country’s values. I’m going to pick out just a few elements of her speech, but rest assured, it is the whole policy that needs to be challenged. ‘The United Kingdom must always support the world’s most vulnerable’, Braverman stated at the start of her pronouncement, touting Britain’s record on refugees. Yet figures from 2021 show we granted asylum to far fewer people than other European countries like Germany and France, and 17 other European nations grant more asylum claims per capita than the UK. Braverman went on to announce plans to cap the number of refugees allowed via safe and legal routes, which seems an odd way to show support for the ‘most vulnerable’ – and a cruel irony, considering the comparatively small number of people actually being granted asylum here through these routes at the moment. Despite arguing that we are ‘giving sanctuary’ to Afghans, the latest available information from January 2023 shows that literally zero Afghans have come to the UK via Pathway 3 of the government’s ACRS resettlement scheme. The Home Secretary accused me of ‘faux outrage’ when I challenged her on the shameful lack of safe and legal routes. But there’s nothing faux about condemning the fact that she’ll detain and deport asylum seekers for not using these routes, and then in the same breath limit the number of refugees able to use them. As her speech continued yesterday, it grew ever more corrosive. ‘The vast majority [of illegal migrants who came into the UK via small boats] were adult males under the age of 40, rich enough to pay criminal gangs thousands of pounds for passage,’ she argued. But guess what, grown men can be refugees too – in fact, men are often those targeted in the first place – they can be and are victims of trauma, torture and sexual violence. The narrative that male asylum seekers somehow aren’t unsafe or in need of protection is false and dangerous. This was followed by a claim from the Home Secretary that ‘by some counts there are 100million people around the world who could qualify for protection under our current laws.’ She surely knows that this is a gross misrepresentation, designed to spread fear among the population – even though the UN estimates 100m are displaced from their homes, the vast majority remain in their own country. The dehumanising language continued, with talk of ‘waves of illegal arrivals breaching our borders’, and ‘criminals breaking into Britain daily’. This is baseless ‘them and us’ rhetoric – it’s disgusting and divisive, and it should play no role in serious political discussion. But what was just as revealing in Braverman’s speech was what she didn’t say. ‘I won’t address the Bill’s full legal complexities today,’ she stated. ‘The nation’s finest legal minds have been – and continue to be – involved in its development.’ Why wouldn’t she address these complexities, on the landmark introduction of this Bill? Perhaps the ‘finest legal minds in the country’ simply can’t offer a public justification for this shameful Bill. ‘We can’t make a definitive statement of compatibility under Section 19(1)(b) of the Human Rights Act’ she continued –  seemingly as good as confirming that in its current form, this Bill breaches the European Convention on Human Rights. Let’s be clear – this isn’t a credible Bill, because it won’t work. Much like the Government’s 43 previous failed attempts to tackle Channel crossings, Rishi Sunak must know this latest effort won’t make an iota of difference – it’s performative, poisonous politics at its worst. That‘s because one of the most effective ways to stop people risking their lives in the Channel is to set up comprehensive safe and legal routes now. Figures from the Refugee Council suggest that resettlement numbers are 75% lower than in 2019, and the number of family reunion visas issued is 40% below pre-pandemic levels. Thousands of Iranians crossed the channel, but just nine were resettled to the UK between January and September 2022. For Sunak, this is a purely political manoeuvre. He’s exploiting the Labour Party’s disappointing refusal to take a firm moral stand on this issue, and seeking the support of agitating red wall backbenchers worried about the Tories’ dire poll ratings, all in a transparent attempt to shore up his own position ahead of the next general election. Braverman said in her statement: ‘My own parents, decades ago, found security and opportunity in this country, something for which my family is eternally grateful.’ She acknowledges that her parents needed that chance, but seemingly refuses to accept that refugees simply want the same. And so that’s why I say to Suella Braverman that we can’t accept her Bill. Let’s be clear, this is a truly grotesque and unworkable plan – and it must be stopped. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Suella Braverman fires back at Gary Lineker after he compares UK asylum policy to 1930s Germany MORE : Susanna Reid praised for calling out Suella Braverman over claims ‘billions’ of migrants want to come to UK MORE : Susanna Reid praised for calling out Suella Braverman over claims ‘billions’ of migrants want to come to UK