Leaving a child behind as a mother for the first time often comes with conflicting emotions – from guilt to relief. Amy Hart, ex-Love Islander, recently shared her baby won’t be coming on her honeymoon to Disney Land with her, and it’s got parents reflecting on the first time they took the plunge. Emma Roberts, a 40-year-old sleep expert, is mother to Jude, who has cerebral palsy and autism. Being away from him at 16 months old for the first time when she returned to work was painful. ‘I kept worrying that something would happen to him and it would be my fault as I wasn’t around for him,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘I felt so anxious and I kept thinking the worst. I felt like I should be the one at home with him. ‘I remember I kept phoning my dad to make sure Jude was okay. I felt completely out of control. I was hooked to my phone wondering if I would get an emergency call.’ Guilt is a common feeling new mother’s express when leaving their children for a short duration of time. Emma had battled those emotions by reminding herself ‘that going out to work is good for me’. ‘When I think about it I know I’m doing the right thing for all of us,’ she adds. ‘It’s nice for me to have my independence and it’s nice for Jude to be around other people. ‘I do miss him when I’m at work, however I believe a good balance of home and work life is the best for me. The thought of being at home 24/7 makes me feel depressed.’ Charlie Bond, 34, from Kent, experienced similar mixed emotions when going on her first holiday without her son. She says: ‘Since becoming a mum I felt like I’d lost a bit of my identity, so I was really looking forward to some sunshine, spending time with my friends and not having to be in mum mode for a few days. ‘Plus I was excited about the opportunity to sleep! I knew I’d miss my son but I do most of the childcare and it can feel overwhelming at times, so I was looking forward to having a few days of me time.’ While away with her friends, her husband and baby got norovirus, and then her son got hand, foot, and mouth disease. ‘I tried to switch off knowing there was very little I could realistically do to help, but it wasn’t easy and I definitely don’t think I enjoyed the holiday as much as I could have – I spent a lot of time messaging my husband to check in, and also phoned family members like my mum to see if they could offer any help while I was away. ‘I very much like to be in control of situations, so being so far away from home and not being there to help out made me feel very anxious. ‘I felt like it was somehow my fault that things had gone wrong, and that if I had been at home they wouldn’t have happened. ‘I know that’s not the case, but I couldn’t help feeling like I didn’t deserve to be away and having a nice time when things were bad at home.’ The experience has made her anxious about going away again for a few nights. Dr Alison McClymont, an expert in parenting and children, says part of the reasoning as to why it’s so hard for mothers to tear themselves away from their children is down to biology. Dr Alison says: ‘This is an enormous biological conflict, we are designed to respond to our babies cries and demands for attention and having any degree of separation can spike adrenaline and send “danger signals” around our body, where we are battling with what feels like an emotional emergency. ‘It’s normal to feel “under siege” when you have to leave your baby. ‘Remind yourself that this is a short period of separation and no emergency or threat is present, try to breathe through the worst parts of the adrenaline and spike and normalise this as “just chemical reactions”. ‘A baby has no concept of time so to them five minutes might as well be five hours, but equally five hours might as well be five minutes – they are immediate creatures and will likely settle as quickly as they became upset, once fed, watered and cuddled. ‘Babies can be all demanding but that doesn’t mean you need to neglect every need you have as an adult.’ A study in 2022 found that 91.3% of primary caregivers are women, regardless of whether they are employed. It’s unsurprising then, that women more typically experience the burden of guilt when they temporarily relieve themselves of parental duties. Zoe Ayre, 36, from West Yorkshire, was worried when it was time to be separated from her daughter when she started nursery. ‘I’ve always followed a really responsive parenting style, and use gentle parenting techniques. With the ratios at nursery I knew that inevitably she wouldn’t get that one to one support, and also worried in case their approach to discipline wasn’t in line with our own,’ she says. ‘I was worried about how my daughter would settle in and was concerned that she would be inconsolable. ‘I was fairly convinced that I would have phone calls asking me to pick her up from nursery because she was so upset. ‘At 15 months, she’d been with me pretty much exclusively, and had rarely been away from me. ‘I felt a huge amount of guilt that she would be going from spending so much time with me, to being sent to nursery from early morning until early evening four days a week. ‘It’s a huge change and one which didn’t sit easily with me, but where I had no alternative and needed to return to work.’ Her daughter is still being breastfed too, which also added to Zoe’s anxiety. ‘I think as parents we can often feel so much guilt no matter what we do. What was wonderful was that I was so wrong in all of those worries,’ she says. Returning to work is often the point at which this stress comes into place, when there is no option but to be away from your child. Lisa Brennan, 47, from West Sussex, remembers when her time came: ‘I kept thinking I should just turn round and get him back in the pram and bring him home again. ‘What if he does something amazing like crawling or his first tooth comes through, and I miss it. I feel guilty that on days he goes to childcare that someone else is spending more time with him than I am. ‘The biggest thing that gets me through is knowing that when I go to collect him from childcare, he will have the biggest smile and cuddle for me.’ She now runs a side hustle, called The Parent Career Coach, offering support to parents on maternity and returning to work, given how difficult this transition can be. Dr Alison’s words of encouragement for those considering some time apart for the first time? ‘Your child needs you to rested, focused and healthy- make this as much a priority as your child’s needs.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : My parents are grateful I help care for my autistic brother – but I’m just being his big sister MORE : I’ve finally discovered the joy of missing out as a parent