March looks set to be a crucial month for us at Barcelona after resuming league action following the international break. The league is going pretty well, we are playing some good stuff, but of course playing in Spain is a very different experience. I do enjoy being in a new country, away from home, and the warm weather of course helps. I like the different environment and playing new teams. The Spanish league is coming along – it’s definitely improving. At the beginning, not many of the squad spoke English but now they all seem to want to! I feel like we score a lot of goals as a team (31 in our last six matches) and that is the nature of the beast at Barcelona – to score as many goals as you can. That’s definitely the mentality. We work to constantly create, create, create and that is different to what I am used to in England. But still I’m not expected to get forward as much as I thought I would be! The Barca way is to play through midfield and the level of the technicians in our team is outstanding, so we are able to make a lot of chances. Lots of teams rely only on wingers. We don’t do really do long balls. What we are told is to try to go through the heart of teams. When you’ve been here a while, you see the game totally differently. It truly has been an eye-opener. It helps you so much to be around such people – everyone is an expert at football at this club! Being part of Barca gives you a completely new level of understanding in football. The Champions League returns this month and we have drawn Roma in the quarter-finals, with the first leg away on March 21 and we definitely have a team that can win the trophy. A couple of other sides will be thinking that as well and that is fair. There are a few good candidates to go all the way this time. We are still getting players back such as our midfielder Alexia Putellas, the Fifa Best Player of 2022, who has been out injured all season so far. Caroline Graham Hansen has finally returned from a thigh problem which had kept her out since October and scored a hat-trick in the 5-0 win over Villarreal on Sunday. The team has never lost with her in the side. Alexia and Caroline are two of the best players in the world and when fully fit they will come into a team playing very well indeed, five points clear at the top of La Liga and with 20 wins from 20 games, scoring 89 goals in the process and conceding just four. The Champions League is the one competition all the big clubs have their eye on. I won the trophy three years in a row from 2018 to 2020 at Lyon but I don’t feel I ever took that for granted. I want to be a part of all that again, playing against the biggest and best teams, the top players, and have the intensity of those big matches. You don’t have that just yet in the domestic league. Facing Roma will hopefully get us in the mood for European success this season and helping the club to a second ever Champions League success following their maiden victory in 2021. I’m buzzing to try and win a fourth European title and we believe our momentum can carry us there. Lucy Bronze is an ambassador for Team Kenya, who involve entire communities in gender equality so girls in rural Kenya can create their own bright futures – teamkenya.org.uk. You can follow her on Twitter at @LucyBronze MORE : England’s Lionesses and manager Sarina Wiegman honoured at The Best FIFA Awards MORE : What 2022’s record-breaking women’s sport viewership means for the future For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.