Three men were charged with attempted murder after a machete attack at a London pub. Police were called to The Duke pub on Wood Street, in Walthamstow, on February 13 after reports of a stabbing. Officers, paramedics and London’s Air Ambulance arrived at the scene at 8.16pm where three men were found with stab wounds inside the pub. The men, aged between 27 and 42, were taken to hospital in east London, where their injuries were found to be non-life threatening. Jayden Brown, of The Avenue in Chingford, was charged with three counts of attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon. The 22-year-old appeared at Thames Magistrates’ Court last Wednesday and was remanded in custody until his next appearance at the Old Bailey on March 27. Brandon Brown, 24 and of no fixed address, is jointly charged with three counts of attempted murder as of February 26. While Ruben Dyer, of Upper Walthamstow Road, faces one count of attempted murder. The 27-year-old appeared at Thames Magistrates’ Court on February 18 and was remanded in custody until this Friday, where he is due at Inner London Crown Court. All three men have also been charged with possession of an offensive weapon. A 15-year-old man and a 36-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and have been bailed until a date in late March, police added. Detective inspector Laura Crump, from the local policing team in Waltham Forest, said: ‘Our investigation is making good progress, but we still need any witnesses who haven’t yet spoken to police to come forward. ‘I know this incident has caused significant concern in the community and I would like to reiterate that we believe this was a targeted attack with no wider risk to the public.’ Police said they do not believe the incident was gang-related. Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to call 101, quoting CAD 6988/13Feb, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.