The Duke of Sussex has said marijuana ‘really helped’ him cope with his mental health struggles. Harry, speaking this evening, meanwhile said cocaine ‘did nothing’ for him. He went on: ‘Marijuana is different, that actually really did help me.’ Harry had sat down with physician and author Dr. Gabor Maté to discuss ‘living with loss and the importance of personal healing’ in a virtual event. The duke also explained using psychedelics such as ayahuasca as a ‘release’ from the outside world. He added: ‘It was the cleaning of the windscreen, cleaning of the windshield, the removal of life’s filters just as much as on Instagram, these layers of filters. ‘It removed it all for me and brought me a sense of relaxation, release, comfort, a lightness that I managed to hold on to for a period of time. ‘I started doing it recreationally and then started to realise how good it was for me, I would say it is one of the fundamental parts of my life that changed me and helped me deal with the traumas and pains of the past.’ He also spoke on the war in Afghanistan and the attitudes of British soldiers towards the conflict. Previously, the Duke went into detail about his past drug use in his memoir Spare, released in January. He had revealed he smoked a spliff and watched a Disney film after his first date with Meghan Markle. The couple first met in London in 2016 after which Harry met with a friend to tell him all about the date. After Harry ‘barged into his house off the King’s Road’, the pair started drinking and put on a film. ‘Out came the tequila. Out came the weed. We drank and smoked and watched… Inside Out,’ he wrote. Harry recalled he felt ‘peacefully numb’ from the ‘good weed’, until he received a Facetime call from Meghan, telling his friend: ‘Oh shit, it’s her.’ Also in Spare, the Prince said he had ‘taken cocaine’ during a shooting weekend by the summer of 2002, when he was 17, and did ‘a few more lines’ on other occasions. He had written: ‘It wasn’t very fun, and it didn’t make me feel especially happy as seemed to happen to others, but it did make me feel different, and that was my main objective. To feel. To be different. ‘I was a seventeen-year-old willing to try almost anything that would alter the pre-established order. ‘At least, that’s what I was trying to convince myself of.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.