The BBC have confirmed Gary Lineker is to take a step back from presenting Match Of The Day, following his criticism of the Government’s immigration policy. The presenter blasted the government’s newly announced controversial policy to stop illegal boats carrying migrants from reaching the UK on Tuesday. The footballer-turned-pundit had responded to a video by Home Secretary Suella Braverman on Twitter in which she called to ‘stop the boats’ with a new Illegal Migration Bill, calling it an ‘immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s.’ He later insisted that he stood by his tweet, and said he would be returning to host Match Of The Day on Saturday. However, the BBC today issued a statement saying: ‘Gary Lineker to step back from presenting Match of the Day until agreement reached on social media use’. A BBC spokesperson said: ‘The BBC has been in extensive discussions with Gary and his team in recent days. We have said that we consider his recent social media activity to be a breach of our guidelines. ‘The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting Match Of The Day until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media. ‘When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none. ‘We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.’ In a tweet earlier this week, Lineker wrote: ‘Good heavens, this is beyond awful. ‘There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. ‘This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?’ When asked by reporters on Thursday if he stands by his tweet, Lineker replied: ‘Course’. When asked ‘Do you fear getting suspended?’ he replied: ‘No’. His comments were widely condemned by Tory politicians, who urged the BBC to take action. It was later reported that Lineker had been spoken to by the BBC following the comments, with some reports claiming his job could be at risk, while Braverman has been asked to respond on interviews with the likes of Good Morning Britain and BBC Breakfast. Braverman later said she is ‘obviously disappointed’ about his comments. ‘I think it is unhelpful to compare our measures which are lawful, proportionate and indeed compassionate to 1930s Germany,’ she said. ‘I also think we are on the side of the British people here. ‘It’s plain for anyone to see that the British people have had enough of this situation of thousands of people coming her illegally at huge cost to the taxpayer and undermining our laws and in fact the British generosity,’ she added while appearing on BBC News Breakfast on Wednesday. Braverman added: ‘That needs to stop. We need to take necessary steps now to ensure that if you are coming here illegally you will be detained and will be removed and that is what this bill will do.’ Match of the Day airs Saturday at 10pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gary Lineker to step back from presenting Match Of The Day over Nazi Germany comments MORE : Piers Morgan calls Gary Lineker ‘victim of Jeremy Clarkson style witch hunt’ 