Victoria Beckham is clearly in her element after being reunited with her eldest son Brooklyn Beckham and his wife Nicola Peltz in Paris this week. The former Spice Girl even raved about spending time with the loved-up couple on Sunday. Sharing a photo of 24-year-old Brooklyn, 28-year-old actress Nicola and her youngest child, Harper Beckham, 11, doting mum Victoria wrote: ‘Makes me happy.’ The 48-year-old fashion designer also added a heart sticker to her sweet family snap, shared with her 30.6million Instagram followers. The Beckham clan is currently living it up in the French capital, where they celebrated Brooklyn’s birthday over the weekend. Both Victoria and retired footballer David’s parents travelled to the City of Light for the occasion, as did Brooklyn’s sibling Cruz, 18. Sadly, middle son Romeo, 20, was unable to attend, with Victoria sharing that he was ‘missed’ on social media. Brooklyn’s birthday coincided with Victoria’s Paris Fashion Week show, so the family was also out in full force to support her as she showcased her latest designs on the runway. The former Spice Girl founded her eponymous fashion label in 2008. Following her successful show, the family got down to important birthday business with Brooklyn on Saturday, with Victoria sharing a peek into their celebrations together as she posted a sweet tribute to her eldest following his big day. Taking to Instagram a day later, the proud mum shared an adorable set of photos of Brooklyn giving a big cuddle to his little sister Harper, with one showing her hiding her face from the camera with her hand. ‘Your little sister loves you more than you could ever know and being together on your birthday made us all so happy,’ Victoria wrote in the caption. ‘We love you so much @brooklynpeltzbeckham #harperseven 💕@davidbeckham’ She had also shared a sweet photo of both her and David hugging a seated Brooklyn, as well as pictures of Brooklyn and Nicola with her parents, Jackie and Anthony Adams, who have been married since 1970. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice viewers in tears following Siva Kaneswaran’s emotional tribute to Tom Parker: ‘My heart broke’ MORE : Adele enthralls her fans by signing wedding dress of new bride mid-song at Las Vegas show 