Jenna Ortega has opened up about what she wants to see from the second season of her hit Netflix show, Wednesday. The 20-year-old stars in the titular role and was met with widespread applause for her portrayal of the Addams Family favorite in the eight-part series, which hit our screens last November. In recent interviews, she detailed how she made subtle changes to the script on several occasions to ensure that her character was authentic, explaining that she felt ‘protective’ over Wednesday. During an appearance on the Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon, she shared her delight that another series had been commissioned – teasing her hopes that the youngster is able to escape the romantic entanglements in future episodes. ‘I’m very excited,’ she told the host. ‘We just started getting a writers’ room together and talking about it. Everyone is being really cool. ‘I think we want to up the horror aspects a little bit and get Wednesday out of the romantic situation and just let her be her own individual and fight her own crime.’ Jenna, who has returned to the big screen as Tara Carpenter in Scream 6, was praised for her stint as the aloof teenager, alongside Christina Ricci, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Luis Guzman and Fred Armisen. She recently reflected on her time behind the scenes, and revealed that she refused to say a particular line of dialogue regarding Wednesday’s dress to the Rave’N dance. Speaking on the Armchair Expert podcast, she reflected on other instances where she ‘put her foot down’ over decisions that were made about the teenager. ‘I don’t think I’ve ever had to put my foot down on a set in a way that I had to on Wednesday, because it’s so easy to fall into that category, especially with this type of show,’ she told Dax Shepard. ‘Everything that she does, everything that I had to play, did not make sense for her character at all. ‘Her being in a love triangle made no sense. There was a line about a dress that she has to wear for a school dance, and she said: “Oh my god I love it. I can’t believe I said that – I literally hate myself.” And I had to go: “No.” ‘I grew very, very protective of her, but you can’t lead a story and have no emotional arc, because then it’s boring and nobody likes you.’ Wednesday is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan, Dan Walker and Jeremy Clarkson defend Gary Lineker after BBC ask him to ‘step back’ from Match Of The Day over Nazi Germany remarks MORE : Love Island’s Shaugna Phillips posts update four days after going into early labour with first child  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 