Manchester United fans turned on Wout Weghorst after footage emerged of the Dutchman touching the ‘This is Anfield’ sign before the Red Devils were humiliated against Jurgen Klopp’s side. Erik ten Hag’s men suffered their heaviest ever Premier League defeat with a 7-0 defeat at Anfield, which has ended the club’s slim title hopes. United shaded the first half but went into the break 1-0 down after Cody Gakpo scored just before the interval. But the second half was an abysmal showing from Ten Hag’s men, who conceded six without reply as Liverpool ran rampant against their biggest rivals. The performance, as well as the result, came as a surprise given United’s form in recent months, including the club’s recent Carabao Cup final victory. Weghorst has been a surprise part of that recent success, with the Dutchman joining United in January on loan from Burnley to replace Cristiano Ronaldo. Despite scoring just once, Weghorst has proved popular with supporters for his tireless work-rate and his ability to bring the likes of Marcus Rashford into play. But Weghorst appears to have undone a lot of his hard work after footage emerged of him touching the ‘This is Anfield’ sign before the humiliating defeat on Sunday. The former Besiktas man said it was a ‘dream come true’ to join the Red Devils in January. But he admitted in 2020 that he grew up as a Liverpool fan, in comments that are sure to enrage supporters after he decided to touch the famous sign at Anfield. ‘I always found Liverpool very special,’ Weghorst said in 2020.‘I still get goosebumps from ‘You’ll Never Walk Alone’. There are other great English clubs too, and I always liked Milan because so many Dutch played there.’ And it’s fair to say that United fans were far pleased with Weghorst after viewing the footage, with many demanding him to be released in the summer when his contract expires rather than sign him on a permanent deal. MORE : Ian Wright warns Bruno Fernandes he doesn’t fit in to Erik ten Hag’s long-term Manchester United plan MORE : Alejandro Garnacho ‘so sorry’ after Manchester United’s humiliating defeat to Liverpool For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 