Former Manchester United striker Louis Saha believes the club should have a clear preference as they weigh up moves for either Harry Kane or Victor Osimhen this summer. The Red Devils ended their six-year trophy drought on Sunday by beating Newcastle United in the Carabao Cup final. That victory was another indication that Erik ten Hag is taking the club in the right direction and optimism hasn’t been this high since Sir Alex Ferguson was in charge at Old Trafford. Nevertheless, this summer’s transfer market is set to be a crucial next step in Ten Hag’s rebuild at the Theatre of Dreams and his main priority is to sign a centre forward. Anthony Martial has missed 28 of United’s 40 matches this season, while Wout Weghorst is only on a six-month loan deal. Kane, 29, will have 12 months left on his Tottenham deal this summer and the England captain would have no problems settling in at United given his decade-long in the Premier League with Spurs. ‘I think so because when you analyse his game and witness how he plays tactically, he provides assists, pre-assists and that highlights that goals are not the only element of his game,’ Saha told Betfred.‘He’s a very smart lad, technically gifted and has all the attributes to fit in well at Manchester United. He was well known for his workrate at Lille, so that proves he can fit well into the system that Erik ten Hag has implemented at the club. ‘Harry Kane would provide a more instant guarantee and I love Marcus Thuram but he’s not a proper striker. He would provide a challenge to Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho, but Marcus Thuram isn’t a natural goalscorer.‘Osimhen can bring a lot of things to this United side.’ United will listen to offers for Martial, given his injury record this season. Alex Telles, Donny van de Beek and Harry Maguire could also be sold as United look to raise funds to spend in the window. MORE : Tim Sherwood admits he was ‘so, so wrong’ about Manchester United star Casemiro MORE : ‘I asked to be removed’ – Darren Till confirms he has been released from UFC after three straight defeats For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 