Jamie Lee Curtis sobbed as she took home her first ever Oscar, for her role in Everything Everywhere All At Once. The 64-year-old took home the best supporting actress gong, beating out co-star Stephanie Hsu, Angela Bassett, Hong Chau and Kerry Condon for the accolade. Despite commanding the screen for decades, the Hollywood icon notched up her first Academy award nomination this year, and managed to win the trophy on Sunday night. During an emotional speech in front of her peers, she gave her ‘bae’, Michelle Yeoh, a shout-out, before explaining: ‘I know it looks like I am standing up here on my own but I am not. ‘There are hundreds of people and hundreds of people. We just won an Oscar. To my family, my beautiful husband, Christopher Guest, my daughters, Annie and Ruby, my sister Kelly – we just won an Oscar. ‘To all of the people who have supported the genre movie’s that I have made for hundreds and hundreds of thousands, we just won an Oscar together.’ Looking up to the sky, she mentioned her parents, Janet Leigh and Tony Curtis, adding through tears: ‘And my mother and father were both nominated for Oscars in different categories. ‘I just won an Oscar.’ Everything Everywhere All At Once has already taken home a string of trophies during awards season – including the best supporting actor Oscar for Ke Huy Quan earlier in the night. Jamie was nominated for her exceptional role as IRS auditor Deirdre Beaubeirdra, and was met with huge acclaim for her portrayal. Celebrating her nomination earlier this year, the Halloween legend shared a sweet message on Instagram – reflecting on her career. ‘It was never even in my wildest dream box. I have always felt very much like an outsider looking in and yet always so grateful for any and all opportunities I have had,’ she began. ‘Being a part of this beautiful movie, which just received so many acknowledgments for our talented, motley crew of artists, is the highlight of my professional life. ‘As this is a movie about a family of immigrants and their struggles through life, immediately I’m thinking of my parents, children of immigrants from Hungary and Denmark, whose families came here and sacrificed for their children to achieve their dreams. ‘I can only imagine what it would feel like for them and their parents to hear that their daughter/granddaughter was nominated this morning for an Oscar. ‘I am stunned and humbled and excited for our little movie that could and did and based on today’s nominations, continues to do and do and do.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna proudly shows off growing baby bump in cut-out leather dress ahead at Oscars 2023 ahead of performance MORE : Best actress nominee Michelle Yeoh wows in white at the Oscars 2023 following ‘voting post controversy’ drama on social media  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 