Harry Styles halted proceedings during a recent performance in Syndey to help a fan share some heartwarming news with her family. During his first show in the Australian city on Friday night, he thrilled audiences with renditions of his smash hits and won their hearts entirely by offering his assistance to a girl in the crowd. He put on his show in the sold-out Accor Stadium as part of his Love On Tour set that took America by storm over the last few months. The star had his head turned by a sign that was held high above the screaming fans which he stopped to read mid-show. Made by a supporter named Asal, the placard had the words: ‘my family is all here, help me come out’, written across it. Harry positioned himself in front of the eager fan before asking her name and reading out her request the arena. Granting her wish, he held up his hand for silence and asked from his position on stage if Sydney was ‘ready’. ‘It’s pride isn’t it at the moment,’ he could be heard saying in footage that was posted to TikTok. He continued joking: ‘Just missed Mardi Gras. Rats! However, Pride!’ ‘Can I please get some sparkling coming out music,’ Harry then asked his band that were positioned behind him. ‘What kind of tempo do we want Asal,’ the star posed to the fan who responded with: ‘In the middle, a mid-tempo.’ Following orders, the band struck up a slow jazzy rhythm to which Harry began dancing around the stage before grabbing a rainbow flag from the floor. He played with the crowd and announced that once the flag dropped Asal would officially ‘be out’. Pausing his waving of the material, he turned to ask for more ‘sparkles’ from his band member Paul who ramped up the background jingles. Harry then turned to the crowd and explained: ‘This is called edging for anyone who’s not aware’ that provoked an eruption of screams. He then threw his head back, let out a roar and flung the flag into the air proclaiming his overjoyed fan out of the closet: ‘Freedom. Let it rain down upon you like a big gay shower. Congratulations.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles fan turns down $50,000 to destroy concert ticket: ‘I’ve never seen him live before’ MORE : Harry Styles playfully reacts to very sexually charged sign from fan during Australia tour 