Farra Love, 37, loves working as a cam girl. Farra got into livestreaming ‘spicy’ content four years ago after getting tired of working desk jobs and never finding one she loved. Now, she works for at most four hours a day, and some months she earns as much as $6,000 [£4,985]. But she still has to deal with cruel comments from strangers online who say she ‘doesn’t have the looks’ to be a sex worker. Farra, from Colombia, Maine, US, said: ‘I love my work. I will always do sex work, even when I’m old. ‘I sometimes I’m a bit shy at first going live, but as soon as people tipping me because they love what I’m doing, I just forget the nerves. ‘I actually find it hilarious when people make comments about my looks online – it doesn’t affect me. ‘People say I’m too fat or that I look pregnant – I think I get that comment every single day. ‘Lots claim I am “unconventionally pretty” – which is basically saying that I’m ugly. ‘But I am proof that anyone with any looks and any size can do this – and people will pay you, even if you look like me. ‘Trolls online want to try to make fun of things about me, but I’m capitalising on it. ‘Those things that they criticise are the same things [people are] willing to pay for – so the jokes on them.’ Indeed, with each daily stream earning her between $100 [£83] and $300 [£249], and her best an impressive $1,000 [£830], she’s definitely getting the last laugh. She also does custom requests at $100 [£83] each for anyone looking for something more personal. She said: ‘The beautiful thing about my job is every day is different and I can think creatively and do whatever content I want to do. ‘Outside of work I have time to do all the other things that I want to do as well.’ Farra lives ‘frugally’ in a $5,000 [£4,154] van on a plot of rural land, which gives her the freedom to travel whenever she wants a change of scenery – and of course, she can livestream from anywhere. Her free time is spent doing things like gardening, art and candle-making, and she also grows vegetables and has chickens. The birds lay eggs, and Farra shares everything she harvests with people in her local community. Farra tried ‘over 100’ professions before giving sex work a try and within one day of her first livestream session, she was ‘hooked’ and felt like she could ‘conquer the world’. But while she get buckets of compliments from fans who send her tips, she unfortunately also has to deal with trolls. Farra said cruel people call her ‘fat’ due to her curves, and ask her if she’s pregnant ‘every single day’. She’s also been accused of being ‘too old’, and been told she ‘doesn’t have the looks’ to do porn. She said: ‘I get people saying I’m fat, but I also get people telling me they don’t want me to lose any weight. ‘I am the size I am – maybe one day I’ll lose weight, but maybe I won’t. ‘I get the pregnant question every single day – at the start, it did upset me, but now I just laugh every time.’ Farra said she feels like she represents ‘the normal everyday woman’, instead of being like ‘the norm’ high glamour porn stars who may or may not have had a bit of work done. In fact, Farra’s fans enjoy the fact that she wears little to no makeup. She said: ‘We see so many glamorous people filled with fillers and injections to look airbrushed and beautiful, that’s fine, but that’s not the general person. ‘That’s not me, and I’m OK with that.’ While she may ‘not totally confident all the time,’ she ‘wouldn’t change anything’ about herself. Farra said: ‘I’m just proof that anyone with any looks and any size can be successful in this industry. ‘It’s all about how you put your personality into it as well. ‘Trolls want to try and make fun of me, but people are willing to pay a lot of money to watch me. ‘I just laugh – the joke’s on them.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m a married mum and a camgirl – here’s a week in my sex life’ MORE : Survey reveals what Brits think actually counts as sex MORE : This is the number of sexual partners the average Brit has had