Joao Felix has said he would be up for joining Chelsea permanently in the summer but his preference is to play for a club in the Champions League. The Portuguese forward moved to Stamford Bridge on loan in January having fallen out of favour with Diego Simeone at parent club Atletico Madrid. Aside from a red card on his debut against Fulham, Felix has been decent for the Blues so far despite their recent struggles – though he has scored just once in six appearances. Much has been made about where the 23-year-old will be playing his football next season, with his career at Atletico seemingly over as long as Simeone is there. However, while there is interest in the player, very few clubs are keen nor are capable of paying the £80million plus fee that the La Liga giants want for him. Though Chelsea are definitely interested, their hands may be tied given that they have already splashed £600m on transfers since Todd Boehly’s takeover. If it were up to Felix however, the forward would be more than willing to make west London his new home, saying, as quoted by ESPN: ‘In terms of if I want to stay or not, I think the future, no-one knows. ‘Now I am just focused on tomorrow’s game. After that, we don’t know what will happen. ‘But I am happy here. The club is so big, is amazing, everyone behind the club is so good, so yes I am happy to be here.’ Following their win over Leeds last Saturday, Chelsea are now 10th in the table, 11 points off the top four, but with a game in hand over fourth-placed Tottenham. Even so, the chances of them qualifying for the Champions League may now solely rely on winning the competition itself, a very tricky task given that they are already 1-0 down to Borussia Dortmund in the round of 16. The second leg of that tie is on Tuesday night at Stamford Bridge, and if they fail to win it would not only end their hopes of lifting a trophy this season but could also dissuade Felix from staying. ‘Playing Champions League is always different. It is the competition that everyone wants to play,’ he added. ‘But now I am focused on this Champions League, tomorrow’s game. We have a lot of games yet to try to reach the Champions League in the league. It is not over. Playing Champions League, it is [an] important decision. But the future, no one knows so let’s see what happens.’ MORE : Newcastle interested in signing Arsenal outcast Kieran Tierney in £30m deal MORE : Liverpool star Cody Gakpo likened to ‘young Thierry Henry’ after 7-0 win over Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 