This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Ok, so it’s a bit of a hard sell to make socks sexy. But hear us out. When Chris Evans appeared in the shoot for People Magazine’s Sexist Man Alive 2022 (as the winner, naturally), we were transfixed by the smouldering shots. Photographed by Michael Swartz, the shoot took place on location in a farm in Atlanta, showcasing the Captain America star’s rugged looks with an off-duty, laid-back style. Chris’s look was styled by the legendary Ilaria Urbinati, who dressed the actor in dark tones in classic cuts. Wearing simple black Chelsea boots, we also catch a glimpse of the star’s ribbed chocolate brown socks – from none other than British-born sock brand, London Sock Company. For the shoot, Chris wore the brand’s boot socks in Rust, as well as Simply Sartorial Hazelnut, to complete the look. It’s no surprise that Urbinati opted for this as her sock brand of choice, considering she has a long-standing relationship with the brand. The stylist is about to launch her second exclusive collection of socks with the London Sock Company, while her first collection, The Hollywood Collection, has been spotted on various other A-Listers, including The Rock, Ryan Reynolds, John Krasinski and Aaron Paul. Socks just got a whole lot sexier. And luckily for us, this much-coveted sock brand is currently offering big discounts with its end-of-season sale. Shoppers can enjoy 15% off site wide with code SEASON15, as well as up to 50% off selected styles. There’s a whole range of socks to choose from on the brand’s website, from classic colours and neutral tones to eye-catching brights. They even offer a subscription service so you can get fresh pairs of socks delivered to your home for just £14 – so you can say goodbye to mismatched socks after missing laundry day. Plus, every order at the London Sock Company helps to support London-based charity Suited & Booted, which the brand calls, ‘an organisation that embodies the power of self-belief and the power of style to instil confidence and optimism’. A clear reason to invest in some more stylish socks, if you ask us. Check out the brand here. MORE : The multitasking bag that has TikTok ‘wildly obsessed’ is finally back in stock MORE : Fans ‘blown away’ (so to speak) by this Eiffel Tower-inspired sex toy