Two Brits have been arrested in Austria after at least 70 guns were uncovered in a raid in a tiny village where just 100 people live. The bust saw two British ‘extremists’ aged 67 and 69 and an Austrian citizen, 29, arrested after police found they were hoarding potential explosives in Carinthia. Local news reports described the 29-year-old as keenly interested in shadowy social media conspiracy theories. Officers believe the three may have been plotting a ‘larger event’, Carinthian news outlet Daili reported. Newspapers Kurier and Kleine Zeitung said a medical emergency took place at the trio’s home last Saturday in Kleindiex in the southern Völkermarkt district. But paramedics discovered dozens of firearms, which appeared to include sniper rifles, hunting rifles, automatic rifles and shotguns, and tens of thousands of rounds of ammunition. Hundreds of officers descended on the property on Wednesday, where the force seized both registered and unregistered guns. The three residents were arrested, with reports noting the police were still cautiously searching the property yesterday. Chemical and explosives experts were brought to the house as what police described as ‘undefined substances’ were unearthed. State police, known as Landespolizeidirektion (LPD), neither confirmed nor denied that TNT was among the stockpile. Carinthia police spokesman Rainer Dionisio told reporters: ‘It is still unclear whether it is explosives.’ ‘The operation is of a very sensitive nature,’ he added. ‘The investigation is proceeding very quickly, and the questioning of the suspects is still ongoing.’ Villagers told Kleine Zeitung that the three suspects were homebodies who lived in a rundown two-storey home surrounded by litter. Cardboard boxes, a parasol, a bike, wooden pallets and old pieces of furniture are among the pile that neighbours see as a major eye-sore. One local told the paper that the trio had lived in the village for a decade. ‘They lived a very secluded life,’ she said, ‘but they always greeted us.’ As the truckload of firearms and weaponry was moved away from the far-flung village, one local had a rather simple request. ‘Maybe they’ll finally clean up and get rid of the garbage,’ said a neighbour. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.