Stephen Bear is on suicide watch after being jailed for 21 months, according to reports. The disgraced reality star was sentenced last week after sharing a sex tape between himself and former Love Island star Georgia Harrison on his OnlyFans page, without her permisssion. Bear, 32, was also given a restraining order to not contact Harrison for five years, and after being ordered to sign the sex offenders register he will be subject to notification requirements for 10 years. It has now been said that the former Celebrity Big Brother winner is at his ‘lowest ebb’ and struggling to come to terms with his punishment. According to a source, Bear is a ‘broken man’ following his imprisonment at HMP Chelmsford and has been ‘crying for days’ since he was sentenced on Friday. Bear was reportedly not expecting to receive a custodial sentence, leaving him ‘completely unprepared’ for life behind bars. The source added that the Ex on the Beach star ‘feels awful for putting his family through this’. Because of his alleged emotional state, Bear has reportedly been put on an Assessment, Care in Custody and Teamwork (ACCT) Plan. These are reserved for prisoners who are at risk of self-harm or taking their own lives. Judge Christopher Morgan, sentencing, previously said that Bear ‘wished to exploit the economic value of the recording’ of himself and Harrison having sex. ‘I’m sure that you recognised the enhanced economic value to you by having Georgia Harrison, a well-known reality TV and social media personality, in the video,’ the judge added. ‘She would have been known and recognised by many people.’ He said that the defendant caused Harrison ‘extensive humiliation and embarrassment’. Following his sentencing, Bear said to the court: ‘Have a good weekend everyone.’ Before heading into court, Bear also took selfies with a girl outside and sang Lady In Red, telling reporters it ‘wasn’t a fair trial.’ Meanwhile, his partner on the outside, Jessica Smith, has vowed to ‘always support’ him. Taking to Twitter on March 3, the OnlyFans creator wrote: ‘I love you. I’ll always be by your side, stay strong babe.’ She added that the ‘truth will come out’, echoing her fiancée’s accusations that his trial wasn’t ‘fair’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Georgia Harrison to detail Stephen Bear revenge porn horror in new documentary MORE : Georgia Harrison ‘relieved’ as Stephen Bear sentenced to 21 months in jail for sharing private sex tape 