Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) agreed to try and attend the next meeting of Emmerdale’s man club, given that the first one proved to have such an effect on him. The village’s local vet attempted to take his life earlier this month, struggling in the aftermath of his wife Chas Dingle’s (Lucy Pargeter) affair with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Marlon (Mark Charnock) is determined to get his best mate the help he needs, and therefore, in a bid to get Paddy to open up and talk, he organised a lock-in in the Woolpack, with a number of the show’s signature male characters showing up at the pub to talk about their feelings. The lock-in proved a breakthrough moment, with Paddy promising that he can ‘hang on’ as he talked about his mental health, embracing Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) and Marlon in powerful scenes. Monday’s (March 13) edition of the ITV soap picked up the following day, with Paddy deciding to go on a walk with Marlon. The duo bumped into Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson), who opened up during the lock-in about an attempt he made on his own life, explaining that he wishes he had talked to someone about his own ordeal earlier. He then added that he’d organised another meeting of the ‘man club’ for this Thursday. Marlon agreed to attend, but Paddy wasn’t so sure about it, as he turned around and headed home. Before long, however, he returned to let Liam know that he’ll try his best to be there, which left Liam and Marlon hopeful. The show’s special all-male episode was an idea inspired by the charity Andy’s Man Club, which hosts weekly meetings for men to attend and have a chat, with the aim of tackling the stigma of men’s mental health through the power of conversation. Emmerdale has worked closely with the charity on this storyline to ensure that it has been portrayed accurately. Emmerdale continues Tuesday March 14 at 7:30pm on ITV1 and ITVX. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : Emmerdale spoiler videos reveal death terror, kidnap shock and vile homophobe’s next move MORE : 5 most moving moments of Emmerdale’s all-male episode on mental health