Rylan Clark has opened up about the moment he locked horns with a deer during his trek for Comic Relief. The It Takes Two presenter, 34, has climbed up the Cairngorm mountain in the Scottish Highlands to raise money for Red Nose Day. The Eurovision host was accompanied by Emma Willis and Dancing on Ice’s Oti Mabuse as they summited the snow-capped peak at 1245m above sea level. But the expedition had its challenges, with Rylan telling Friday’s The One Show he had an unwelcome encounter with a deer. After recounting some of the difficulties he faced on the trek, Rylan added: ‘And then I got attacked by a deer on the second night but that’s another story. ‘But I had a hoof just come through…and I was like, “Oh no, I don’t need that.”‘ Alex Jones, who was co-hosting the beloved programme with Jermaine Jenas, remarked that ‘at least it was for a good cause’, with Rylan agreeing. Rylan previously revealed he suffered a ‘bruised face and collarbones’ during the grueling first night of the climn. He said: ‘My body is shot, I’ve managed to somehow bruise my face (and) my collarbones from the rucksack so today carrying that (will) be quite difficult.’ The trio reached the summit after three days spent climbing and wild camping last month, with Rylan calling the experience ‘surreal.’ He added: ‘I knew it would be physically tough, but it’s been so much more than that. ‘I’ve been on a real journey over the last few days, but standing on the summit in brutally cold winds, I had a massive smile on my face. Thinking about where the money is going makes it feel totally worth it. ‘For anyone thinking of sponsoring us, it would be hugely appreciated. Even if it’s a £1, it can make such a difference. Massive thank you for all your support.’ The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One from 7.00pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision tickets being flogged for up to £12,000 after host Rylan Clark lashes out at ‘ridiculous prices’ MORE : Rylan Clark suffers ‘bruised face and collarbones’ during gruelling first night on Comic Relief mountain trek with Emma Willis and Oti Mabuse 