Georgia Harrison is set to detail the trauma she experienced after her ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear shared their sex tape on OnlyFans. Bear was sentenced at Chelmsford Crown Court on Friday March 3 following a trial in which he had been found guilty of disclosing private sexual images or films with intent to cause distress and one count of voyeurism. He was sentenced to 21 months in prison and given a restraining that prevents him from contacting Harrison for five years, and after being ordered to sign the sex offenders register he will be subject to notification requirements for 10 years. Harrison, who waived her right to anonymity in the case, spoke to reporters outside and said the sentence was ‘a vindication of what I have been put through.’ According to reports, the former Love Island star, 28, will be sharing her experience in an upcoming ITV documentary. A source shared: ‘Georgia was put through hell and so making this documentary was extremely hard for her, there were a lot of tears during filming.’ ‘She was both angry and devastated throughout the trial and the film captured all her raw emotions during what was a really horrific time,’  the insider added  to The Sun. Bear, who won Celebrity Big Brother in 2016, and TV personality Harrison were recorded having sex on CCTV cameras in Bear’s garden in Loughton, Essex in August 2 2020, Chelmsford Crown Court heard during the week-long trial late last year. Harrison said she did not know that they were being filmed and told him not to share footage when he showed it to her, but she said that he went on to share it online, including on his OnlyFans account. Before sentencing on Friday, Bear took selfies with a girl outside the court and sang Lady In Red before telling reporters it ‘wasn’t a fair trial.’ Addressing Bear’s trial, Harrison said: ‘I just want to say that I’m happy and relieved that this matter is finally over.’ ‘This sentence is a vindication of what I’ve been put through and sends a clear message that the police and courts take this matter very seriously.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Georgia Harrison ‘relieved’ as Stephen Bear sentenced to 21 months in jail for sharing private sex tape MORE : Stephen Bear’s fiancée vows to ‘always’ support him after he’s jailed for revenge porn 