The US state of Tennessee has banned transgender treatment for children and placed restrictions on drag shows. Republican Governor Bill Lee on Thursday signed into law a complete ban on gender-affirming health care for transgender minors. Lee also signed a new law barring ‘adult-oriented’ entertainment including ‘male and female impersonators’ from public property and restricting them to venues with age restrictions. It makes Tennessee the first state to restrict drag shows. The new health law applies to kids who identify as transgender or nonbinary. It prohibits hormone treatments for any underlying causes of gender dysphoria, as well as medications like puberty blockers. Children who take such medications will have until March 31, 2024, to stop using them. The law also bans surgeries. Republicans, who have a supermajority in the state legislature, fast-tracked the law. It will fully go into effect this summer. The American Civil Liberties Union plans to sue the state over the bill. Meanwhile, the bill restricting drag performances goes into effect on July 1. It does not explicitly state ‘drag show’, but targets ‘adult cabaret performances’ defined as male and female impersonators and ‘topless dancers, go-go-dancers, exotic dancers (and) strippers’. A first violation will carry a maximum prison sentence of 11 months as well as a possible fine of up to $2,500. Subsequent violations could come with one to six years behind bars and a fine up to $3,000. The bill was signed after conservative commentators claimed that drag-related shows sexualize children. Opponents of the push say it is part of a larger assault on the LGBTQ+ community. The governor was ripped after a photo surfaced on social media of him wearing women’s clothing in his 1977 high school yearbook. When asked if he recalled ‘dressing up in drag’, Lee it was ‘ridiculous’ to conflate ‘something like that to sexualized entertainment in front of children, which is a very serious question’. Similar bills aimed at restricting drag shows have been introduced in Arizona, Kansas, Oklahoma, North Dakota and Texas. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.