Natalie Dormer has reportedly tied the knot with her fiancé David Oakes in a secret wedding ceremony. Game of Thrones star Dormer, 41, began dating The Borgias star David Oakes in 2018 after her split from director Anthony Byrne. Now the pair have reportedly got married in an intimate ceremony, later celebrating with an intimate dinner at Roth Bar & Grill in Bruton, Somerset, last month, a source claimed. ‘Natalie and David kept the wedding very low key, they didn’t want it to be a huge bash though it certainly was still a day to remember. ‘They just wanted to share the moment with a select group of people as they’re very private individuals. But it was a beautiful ceremony,’ they told The Daily Mail. The couple were spotted drinking wine and enjoying a three-course dinner at the bar and grill, with it believed the pair wed in a venue nearby. The couple share a child, a baby girl, that Dormer gave birth to in 2021. The pair kept their new arrival a secret until April, revealing that the star had given birth in January. Speaking to Esther Rantzen on her That’s After Life podcast, Dormer revealed the pair had welcomed their little bundle of joy while in lockdown. ‘It’s the perfect thing to do during a pandemic, is get pregnant and have a baby. ‘I feel like I’m probably being a bit of a cliché. She’ll probably be sitting in a bar in 30 years’ time on a date going, ‘Yeah, I’m a Covid baby!’ ‘I think there’s going to be lots of Covid babies, because what else can you do?’ Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Natalie Dormer and David Oakes for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rolling Stones and U2 among stars ‘asked to perform at Live Aid-style Ukraine concert at Wembley’ MORE : Jordan Banjo accidentally made embarrassing blunder before vasectomy when he stripped in wrong office 