Feelings and thoughts could intensify because of Pluto’s link with the Moon today. Scorpio may bubble with excitement and have an encounter that captures their interest, while Libra could do well to listen to their intuition before making moves. Meanwhile, Taurus and Virgo are advised that it might be time to upgrade their beliefs that no longer serve them in achieving their goals. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for March 8, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 The Moon’s link with Pluto can find you in an intense mood, and inclined to look at the practicalities of life rather than indulge your fantasies. And yet with a major focus on the sign of Pisces, dreams and dreaming are important to you at this time. Take just one of them and subject it to your x-ray vision, and you’ll realize that with a few tweaks it really is doable, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Are old beliefs holding you back? While they may have supported you at one time, it might be time to substitute them for a more life-enhancing mindset. Think about what you want to accomplish, and the kind of person you would need to be to achieve your goals. How would such a person think and act? The answer to this may lead you to make gradual but positive changes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 If someone you know is going through a crisis, then a chat could help. And if you can uncover the source of their discomfort, a solution may be possible. Will they listen? They might if a suggestion hits the right note and leaves them feeling empowered. It’s also possible they need time and space to themselves to tackle this on their own terms, and find answers on their own. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Even if there is an unsettled feeling to the day ahead, the steady influence of the Virgo Moon can help you take it all in your stride. Although others may be eager for you to be somewhere, do something or make a decision, just go at your pace. Life can be all the more enjoyable Cancer, if you ignore their pleas and do things in your own time and your own way. Don’t be rushed! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Although you now have an excellent opportunity to showcase your creative abilities, it’s also a good time to improve on them if you wish to. You may be aware of others who are extremely talented, which could push you to try even harder. Is this justified though, Leo? Absolutely! You might find that competition spurs you on and you become extremely good. You won’t look back. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Have a deadline to deal with? Getting anxious won’t help, whereas a moment to map out a plan of action could be the best option. Take your time Virgo, as it can allow you to work faster and perhaps do a better job. You might also question certain beliefs that are preventing you from moving forward. You know you have potential, and a shift in mindset may help you do so. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Has someone changed their mind regarding a plan or proposition? Don’t let it worry you, as things might turn out better for you. Go with the flow and listen to your intuition, as you’ll then be in the frame of mind to make use of any opportunities and developments. A potent lunar phase suggests that letting this go, as something more suitable may already be on its way. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A strong but positive lunar tie to Pluto, may coincide with an encounter that captures your interest. Conversation can be intense but in a good way, and whatever comes of it could leave you reassured that this person means what they say and will follow through. If yesterday’s Full Moon left you with empty promises, today will find you bubbling with excitement, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Trust that intuitive nudge Archer, especially if it encourages you to invest in something that might be good for you. This could range from a practical item to a small treat that leaves you upbeat and gives you the boost you need, especially if you’ve been working hard. Yearning or fantasizing about something? Practical Saturn, newly in Pisces, can help you make it a reality. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Although an awkward issue with someone may be far from over, you may be beginning to make headway. It might not seem much, but if you persevere then the distance you cover could lengthen, and before you know it, you may be on the verge of reaching an agreement. Stay steady though and stick to your principals, as you could be swayed off course by nebulous influences. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You can either resist a situation or find a way to embrace it. Your initial urge may be to put up a mental barrier and steer clear of it, Aquarius. This won’t change anything though, whereas embracing it just might. If you can be open to whatever feelings it brings up and let them be, you could feel a release of tension immediately. Gently persist, and it might not bother you anymore. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Those in authority may expect more of you than they do of others. Rather than see this as a liability, see it as a compliment. Indeed, with a positive Moon/Pluto tie boosting your own authority, realize that it’s because you’re very talented and have so much to give. And you’ll be in a good position to advise others, should they require a few tips and tricks from you, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for March 5 to March 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : The Full Moon in Virgo urges you to review your routines – your star sign’s tarot horoscope