Arsenal and Tottenham are both considering making a move for Borussia Dortmund star Julian Brandt in the summer, according to reports. The north London rivals could both do with improving their attacking options ahead of the 2023/24 season – albeit for very different reasons. While the Gunners boast an impressive arsenal, including Martin Odegaard, Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli and Leandro Trossard, Mikel Arteta may feel the need to improve the squad depth given that they will almost certainly be playing in the Champions League next season for the first time in six years. Spurs’ frontline meanwhile has, with the exception of Harry Kane, struggled for form and fitness this campaign, with Son Heung-min and Richarlison especially letting the side down on many occasions. Brandt may therefore prove to be a great signing when the transfer window reopens given his great form for both Dortmund and previous club Bayer Leverkusen. In 283 Bundesliga games for the two clubs, the attacking midfielder, who is also more than capable of playing on the wings, has scored 57 goals and recorded 62 assists. This season alone, the 26-year-old has scored nine and assisted five in 31 matches across all competitions to help his side go level on points with Bayern Munich at the top of the league table. This form, combined with the German international’s contract expiring in 2024, has led BILD to report that Dortmund could be willing to cash-in on Brandt this summer rather than lose him on a free in the next. Arsenal and Tottenham have emerged as the main parties interested, though it is likely they will have to pay around €25million (£22.1m) for his services, the amount Dortmund spent when they signed him from Leverkusen in 2019. Dortmund’s preference at the moment would be to extend his stay at the Signal Iduna Park, but Brandt is reportedly in no rush to agree new terms and is keen to explore all his options. For now, both Arsenal and Tottenham will be gearing up for their midweek clashes against Sporting Lisbon in the Europa League and AC Milan in the Champions League respectively. They go into each fixture off the back of wildly different results from Saturday’s Premier League action, with the Gunners coming from 2-0 down to beat Bournemouth 3-2 in the 97th minute, while Spurs lost 1-0 late on at Wolves. MORE : ‘He’s not a leader!’ – Jamie Carragher mocks Gary Neville over criticism of Arsenal star MORE : Former Manchester United star urges Erik ten Hag to snub Harry Kane and sign ‘amazing’ Tottenham teammate instead For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 