Charity boss Ngozi Fulani has stepped down because of the abuse she suffered after her race row with Lady Susan Hussey. Ms Fulani announced she is temporarily giving up her role as CEO of Sistah Space, a charity she founded to help Afro-Caribbean women facing domestic abuse. She told ITV’s Good Morning Britain (GMB): ‘We, the Sistah Space charity, has suffered as a result, direct result. ‘When you think that this was supposed to be for violence against women and girls, because of this incident, the violence has been directed to me, the Palace hasn’t intervened, I think they could have. ‘So, what I’ve had to do, I’ve now temporarily stepped down as CEO of Sistah Space. ‘I’m announcing that now because the service users and the community can’t access us properly. ‘This whole thing has cost us a fortune because we had to pay our own PR to stop the press from coming up, it was horrible.’ The race row made headlines since last November, when Lady Susan, who was a close friend of the late Queen and is Prince William’s godmother, repeatedly asked Ms Fulani where she was ‘really from’. Ms Fulani said she felt ‘violated’ after Lady Susan refused to accept her answer that she was British. Lady Susan later apologised in person to Ms Fulani for the distress her comments had caused and resigned from her honorary role, but was reportedly seen back performing royal duties last month. Ms Fulani said she and her family received ‘horrific online abuse’ from those who felt Lady Susan was being treated unfairly in the aftermath of going public with what happened. She said: ‘Incidents like this not only cause emotional harm to those involved but do also have wider repercussions within the community. ‘I have experienced first-hand what happens when a black woman faces adversity and has to overcome additional barriers when trying to report it.’ Buckingham Palace set up a meeting between the pair in December and then reported that it had been ‘filled with warmth and understanding’. Its statement said Ms Fulani had ‘unfairly received the most appalling torrent of abuse on social media and elsewhere’ and that she had accepted Lady Susan’s apology. GMB presenter Richard Madeley claimed the Palace said on Tuesday night: ‘For the avoidance of any doubt, we are deeply sorry for the incident that took place and apologise for the distress and difficulty it caused to Ms Fulani.’ But Ms Fulani told him: ‘Who are they apologising to? If you’re sorry, tell me you’re sorry, if you’re not… It speaks for itself. ‘If you have to ask someone for an apology, it is not an apology.’ Metro.co.uk has contracted Buckingham Palace for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.