Passengers witnessed ‘major overcrowding’ at London Bridge yesterday evening. A signal failure at Cannon Street meant three platforms were closed, causing issues for Southeastern passengers. The worst of this was felt by train-goers at London Bridge, who struggled to get up to platforms to board trains. Pictures showed hundreds of people held at the downstairs concourse. Commuters shared their experience of the frenzy on the way to their destinations. One wrote: ‘I’m extremely tired and got on the wrong Farringdon train and had to change at London Bridge to get back home – and MY GOD. Sympathies with anyone who commutes at London Bridge daily, I genuinely thought I was going to be trampled to death, absolute f***ing hell!’ Someone else commented: ‘Ridiculous and dangerous overcrowding at London Bridge Station (again) due to problems on the Souhteastern network. Not helped by station staff who seemed to be doing nothing to alleviate the problem Network Rail.’ Another added: ‘You are treating us worse than cattle. At peak commute time, you give us a three-coach train. With no regards for our safety or well-being. Our journey to Uckfield on the 5.10pm service from London Bridge is a total hell.’ Sam Chessex, Network Rail’s southern region stations director, said: ‘We’re really sorry for the disruption customers faced at London Bridge Station last night, which was due to the knock-on impact of a fault with the signalling system at Cannon Street. ‘It meant three platforms at Cannon Street and one at London Bridge were not available during the evening peak, resulting in delays and cancellations. ‘We needed to activate crowd management plans to stop platforms becoming too busy and keep everyone safe. ‘We recognise how frustrating this will have been for customers, but it’s far safer to keep people on the concourse than on platforms. ‘We’re working closely with Southeastern to ensure our plans for managing disruption are safe and minimise the impact of disruption.’ Issues have recently escalated after Southeastern cut some services in December, meaning more passengers need to change at London Bridge. The network halved the number of services to Greenwich at peak times from four to two in December. A petition has been launched by fed up passengers, calling for the services to instead come under TfL control. Passengers are calling for the network to reverse the ‘horrendous new timetable’ and ‘bring back trains to Cannon Street and the fast trains’. The description reads: ‘Southeastern routes are often more expensive than TfL’s, yet are a worse service. ‘Southeastern’s December 2022 timetable lumbered us with infrequent and unreliable services, disrupting lives and businesses. ‘It is time to devolve SE London’s services to TfL, which has a proven record in local rail.’ The petition has reached nearly 3,000 signatures and will run until August 23, 2023. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.