We imagine it can be a little ‘hard’ when you get excited, only to then suffer from a nosebleed or fainting spell. After all, it’s tricky to put in your best performance if blood is trickling down your face or you feel incredibly lightheaded. Plus, it’s a total mood killer. You might roll your eyes, but it’s a problem that’s more common than you think. But why does it happen? What can you do to prevent it? The long and short of it is that a nosebleed caused by an erection could be due to an increase in your blood pressure. Lead GP Dr Luke Pratsides told Metro.co.uk why a nosebleed could happen when men get hard. He said: ‘Nosebleeds during erections can be due to a few different reasons. One reason may be high blood pressure. ‘The increase in blood pressure could lead to a rupture in the delicate blood vessels of the nose and lead to nosebleeds. ‘Another reason someone may experience prolonged nosebleeds when they get an erection is if they have any issues with blood coagulation (if you have issues with your blood not clotting).’ Dr Luke advised getting a blood test from your doctor to assess for any abnormal blood clotting if nosebleeds are happening regularly. However, another main cause of nosebleeds when erect could simply be performance anxiety. ‘Performance anxiety can also cause temporary spikes in blood pressure which may play a part in the nosebleeds,’ he said. This could also be a cause of feeling faint when you get an erection, which may be particularly troublesome, considering the average man gets aroused multiple times per day. Dr Luke said: ‘Once again, performance anxiety can play a part and it can manifest as dizziness or light-headedness.’ Dr Luke spoke about the biological reasons men may faint when erect. He said: ‘In order to understand why someone may faint when they get an erection, we have to understand why people get erections in the first place. ‘For an erection to occur, a part of the nervous system called the parasympathetic nervous system needs to be activated, which causes blood vessels to dilate and allows for the increased blood flow to the penis. ‘In rare cases this may happen too quickly which results in too much blood being diverted away from the brain causing dizziness, light-headedness and in extreme cases fainting. ‘The way the body naturally counteracts the blood vessel dilation is by increasing blood pressure, to compensate when aroused and during sexual activity. ‘You may not be able to increase your blood pressure sufficiently if you are dehydrated, or on certain medications, which can explain the faint feeling some may have.’ So are there any ways to prevent this from happening? Dr Luke advised men concerned about all this to check their blood pressure, because long term high blood pressure can lead to fainting, nosebleeds and more serious illnesses like heart attacks and strokes. However, particularly if you’ve got a new partner, performance anxiety could be a real factor, which Dr Luke suggests counteracting by ‘setting expectations and communicating’ with your partner to alleviate stress and anxiety. It’s important to note that if you are experiencing nosebleeds and/or fainting when you get an erection, you should make it a priority to see a doctor. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What’s the deal with vaginal gummies? Experts call them ‘exploitative’ MORE : Why does my boyfriend want to watch me having sex with much older men? MORE : London has the happiest couples in the UK, according to new research – and we can’t believe it either