Jamie Oliver is back on Channel 4, now sharing cheap and healthy recipes to help people eat as nutritionally as possible during the cost of living crisis. The series, Jamie’s £1 Wonders, airing on Monday nights, showcases energy efficient recipes that don’t cost any more than £1 per serving. Jamie has shared a few of his favourite recipes to give people a taste ahead of his show, including a no-oven pizza and a hearty chilli-con-carne, ideal for family night. Get four meals for just £4 out of this energy-efficient chilli con carne with fresh salsa and fluffy rice. Ingredients Method Put the beef, cumin, two tablespoons of olive oil, a pinch of sea salt and a big pinch of black pepper into a microwave-proof dish. Crumble in the stock cube and scrunch together with clean hands. Microwave for 10 minutes on high (800W) or until the meat is browned, breaking it up with a wooden spoon halfway. Meanwhile, peel the onion and garlic, then very finely chop with the celery. Deseed and finely chop the chillies. Put a handful of the chopped veg into a small bowl for the salsa, then slice off a thin piece of squash, finely chop and add to the bowl. Stir in one teaspoon of red wine vinegar and a pinch of salt, and leave to pickle. When the time’s up on the beef, stir in the remaining chopped veg. Slice the reserved squash into four large pieces (there’s no need to peel it) and lightly score the skin. Place the squash on top, then return to the microwave and cook for another 15 minutes on a high heat (800W). Add the tomato purée and tomatoes to the dish, drain and tip in most of the beans (putting a small handful aside for later). Gently mash with a potato masher, until some of the beans are squashed into the sauce. Return to the microwave and cook for a final 20 minutes on medium-high (600-700W), or until the squash is soft. Carefully lift the dish out of the microwave and place on a heat proof surface. Use your potato masher to mash the squash, if you like, then carefully taste the chilli (it will be hot) and season to perfection. Cover to keep warm while you crack on with the rice. Place the rice in a two-litre microwave-proof dish or bowl with two mugs of water (600ml) and a pinch of sea salt. Cover the bowl with a lid or a side plate, sprinkle the reserved beans on top, then cook in the microwave on a high heat (800W) for 10 to 14 minutes (depending on the strength of your microwave), carefully removing the beans halfway. Fluff up the rice and divide between plates, spoon over the chilli, then sprinkle with the popped beans and salsa, and serve. This easy pizza for two takes ten minutes to make and only costs 80p per portion. Ingredients Method Place the flour in a bowl with a pinch of sea salt, and gradually pour in up to 150ml of cold water, using a fork to stir as you go so it comes together into a ball of dough. Knead for just one minute on a clean flour-dusted surface, and put aside. Put a 30cm frying pan on a medium-high heat with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Peel and finely slice the onion and deseed and finely slice the pepper, adding to the pan as you go, then season with a pinch of sea salt and black pepper. Place a lid on top and fry for two minutes, or until golden, tossing occasionally. Meanwhile, roll out the dough into a round the size of the pan (just under half a centimetre thick). When the time’s up on the veg, tip them onto your board, then gently transfer the dough to the dry pan, gently pressing in your fingertips into the dough to create dimples. Cover with a lid and cook for 3 minutes on one side, then carefully flip over. Drain away some of the liquid from the tomatoes, then mash lightly with a fork and spread over the dough, leaving a 1cm gap around the edges. Scatter over the cooked veg and coarsely grate over the cheese (it’s nice to get a little over the edge, because as the cheese melts you’ll get a gorgeous gnarly crust). Turn the heat down to medium, put the lid on and cook for a final 3 to 4 minutes, or until the cheese has melted and the base is crispy. Meanwhile, shred the outer leaves of the lettuce, finely slice the stalk, and click apart the inner leaves. Trim and speed-peel the carrot, dress with one tablespoon each of red wine vinegar and olive oil, and toss together. Slide the pizza onto a board, then slice and serve with the salad. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Jamie Oliver’s cupboard essentials to make pukka meals in a pinch MORE : Chef’s ‘perfect mash’ recipe divides TikTok thanks to two very surprising ingredients MORE : Three easy tomato-free salad recipes to make amid the vegetable shortage