A 76-year-old woman who was charged with shooting and killing her terminally ill husband was released on bail on Friday as she awaits trial. On January 23, the AdventHealth Daytona Beach Medical Center was locked down when an active shooter opened fire in a patient’s room. The shooter was eventually identified as Ellen Gilland, the wife of a terminally ill patient at the hospital named Jerry Gilland ‘Because he was terminally ill, they had a conversation about it, and they planned this approximately three weeks ago – that if he continues to take a turn for the worst that he wanted her to end it,’ Daytona Beach Police Chief Jakari Young said immediately after the shooting. After shooting her husband, Gilland found herself unable to carry out the rest of the plan. The hospital was evacuated, but Gilland refused to surrender for about 4-hours in a police standoff. According to a police report on the incident, authorities were eventually able to subdue her after detonating nonlethal explosives outside the door to her husband’s room. During the ensuing chaos, an officer was able to shoot Gilland with a stun gun, which failed to fully subdue her. She managed to shoot one round into the ceiling before being taken into custody. Gilland was initially charged with first-degree murder, but her charges were downgraded on Wednesday, March 1 to assisting self murder and assault on a law enforcement officer. She was released from Volusia County Jail after paying her $150,000 bail on Friday night. ‘None of the charges against Ms. Gilland are capital offenses or offenses punishable by life imprisonment,’ her attorney told the court. ‘Therefore, Ms. Gilland is entitled to pretrial release.’ Gilland was also seen by a psychiatrist, who stated that she no longer posed a risk of self-harm or a threat to the community. Her previous episode of severe depression was caused by her husband’s illness, the doctor said. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.