Love Island star Jack Keating has broken his silence after welcoming his newborn daughter. The 23-year-old reality TV star, who entered Casa Amor as a bombshell just eight months ago, announced he had become a dad for the first time on Thursday. Sharing a sweet black-and-white photo of himself cradling his newborn this week, Jack wrote: ‘Welcome to the world my little [princess emoji].’ While he hadn’t yet confirmed the identity of the tot’s mum, it was later revealed to be artist Keely Iqbal. He has now opened up on their relationship and co-parenting their daughter, as well as gushed over how ‘delighted’, ‘excited’ and ‘besotted’ he is. Jack, the son of Boyzone singer Ronan Keating, said: ‘Her mother and I have decided to keep her identity private for now and we ask everyone to please respect our privacy at this time. ‘My daughter’s mother and I are not together, however we look forward to co-parenting and giving our little girl the best support system that she needs.’ He added to The Sun: ‘This is an exciting new chapter for me and my family and I am completely besotted already. ‘I am so grateful for the opportunity to be a father and give my daughter the most amazing life.’ This comes after grandad Ronan embraced the new addition to their family, as he was one of the first to congratulate his son on the social media announcement. The 46-year-old shares Jack with ex-wife Yvonne Connolly, who has become a grandmother aged 49. Writing under Jack’s sweet post, the If Tomorrow Never Comes singer wrote: ‘Little cutie,’ along with a red heart. Ronan and Yvonne, who he married in 1998 until 2015, also share daughters Missy, 22, and Ali, 18. He remarried in 2015 to Storm Uechritz and have since welcomed son Cooper, five, and daughter Coco, two. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Shaugna Phillips posts update four days after going into early labour with first child MORE : Love Island star Jack Keating’s baby’s mother revealed following birth of first child 8 months after villa exit 