Danny Murphy has urged Manchester United to sign Frenkie de Jong and revealed who the Barcelona star would replace at Old Trafford. The Red Devils were heavily linked with a move for De Jong last summer but the Netherlands international ended up staying at the Nou Camp. De Jong is into his fourth season at Barca, having signed from Erik ten Hag’s Ajax in 2019. While Manchester United missed out on De Jong last summer, reports say Ten Hag is still trying to book a reunion with the 25-year-old at Old Trafford. Ex-England midfielder Murphy says De Jong would be a ‘really big addition’ for United and reckons he would immediately slot in beside Casemiro, pushing Christian Eriksen out of the team. Speaking on the FIVE YouTube channel, Murphy said: ‘I tell you what is worrying from a Liverpool point of view, that relationship between Erik ten Hag and Frenkie de Jong, because he is a player! ‘Barcelona have got to sell some players. They need to recoup over £100m and De Jong would get them a big chunk of that if they let him go.  ‘In effect, De Jong would play where Christian Eriksen is playing alongside Casemiro and Eriksen would be used more of a squad player. ‘That’s probably why they went for Eriksen when they didn’t get De Jong because they’re both creative. De Jong is more athletic and a bit better receiving the ball but they are similar. ‘Frenkie de Jong is a super talent and he would be a big, big addition for them. It would be a really big addition for Manchester United.’ De Jong was part of the Barcelona team who were beaten 4-3 on aggregate by Manchester United in the Europa League last month. While Barcelona fell short in Europe, they look set to win the La Liga title with Xavi’s side pulling seven points clear of rivals Real Madrid. Manchester United, meanwhile, secured their first trophy since 2017 last weekend with a 2-0 win over Newcastle in the EFL Cup final. The Red Devils continue their Premier League campaign on Sunday against Liverpool. MORE : Nicky Butt admits he was wrong about Man Utd star but warns Erik ten Hag MORE : Jurgen Klopp would love two Manchester United stars at Liverpool - Jamie Carragher For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 