A body found in the search for a missing woman has been formally identified as that of Laurel Aldridge. The 62-year-old sister-in-law of actor Mackenzie Crook was reported missing from her home in the village of Walberton, near Arundel in West Sussex, on February 14. Following an 11-day search, police said on Saturday that a body was found in the Tortington Lane area of the town. Formal identification has now taken place, Sussex Police confirmed on Thursday (March 2). On Saturday, a spokesperson for the force said: ‘Sadly the body of a woman has been found in the Tortington Lane area of Arundel. ‘At this stage, the family of missing Laurel Aldridge have been informed and we are seeking to confirm the identity of the woman.’ Crook – who is known for roles in The Office, Pirates Of The Caribbean and Worzel Gummidge – had made public appeals to find his wife’s sister and said her disappearance was ‘agonising’ for the family. Speaking on Good Morning Britain on Tuesday, the actor said he had seen ‘nothing but determination and stoicism’ from the family during the search. In his first plea, three days since she was last seen or heard from, Crook said her disappearance was ‘very out of character’. ‘She left her house early Tuesday morning and she’s not been seen since,’ he said. ‘That’s in the Walberton area where a lot of people are looking in the local woodlands along the roads and stuff like that. ‘I’d really like to appeal to people to go out into their back gardens and have a look in places where she she might have taken rest,’ he added when speaking to ITV.’ After days of no contact, he said the family was ‘obviously very worried’, and revealed that she was also currently undergoing chemotherapy, after being diagnosed with cancer in 2022. ‘If I could appeal to everyone, even if they checked before, check again in likely places where she might have crept in to lay down for the night,’ he said. Yet to speak out following her death, Crook previously described the search for Aldridge – the older sister of his wife – as ‘agonising’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Empire star Jussie Smollett ‘appeals jail sentence’ after hoax hate crime conviction MORE : Grammy-winning jazz saxophone icon Wayne Shorter dies aged 89 