You’d have been forgiven for thinking the exit of Nicola Walker’s Cassie Stuart in the season four finale of Unforgotten would signal the show’s end – but not so! Just before the burned-out DCI was set to collect her pension and walk out on her extremely exhausting job forever, she was (spoiler alert, if you’ve yet to catch up) killed off in a sudden and brutal car accident. I’ve watched the show since its 2015 debut, and I certainly assumed the passing of the lead character would signal the end: after all, we had gone into season four knowing Cassie was ready to retire – so even if she hadn’t died, my presumption was that we were watching the final episodes. But here we are, two years later, and it’s back: Chris Lang’s hit has returned with Fair City and Being Human star Sinéad Keenan as Cassie’s replacement, DCI Jessica James. Is it different? Yes. Does the memory of Cassie loom large over the whole thing? Yes. Is DCI James a massive downgrade in the eyes of the other characters? Oh Lord yes. But do all those things actually kinda work in the show’s favour? Surprisingly, yes. The odds were arguably stacked against season five being a triumph: the on-screen bond between Walker’s DCI Stewart and Sanjeev Bhaskar’s DI Sunny Khan was a massive part of Unforgotten’s appeal. Last season’s ratings averaged an almighty 9.49 million, and critics’ reviews were consistently glowing. Walker’s boots are nigh-on impossible to fill – but now that the first episode of the new run has aired (with the whole lot available to binge on ITVX), it’s clear that Lang has essentially made a virtue of that fact. Keenan’s DCI James acknowledges in an early scene that she’s following in the impressive footsteps of a beloved titan – but, as she steadfastly adds later, ‘full disclosure – I don’t intend to run this team like she did.’ She doesn’t think that spending time and energy on cases from decades ago is a great use of police resources; especially when said resources are in shorter supply than ever. And she’s definitely not fussed about being mates with the people working for her. Just to make her first few days on the job extra tricky, her husband has thrown a grenade into her family that’s so big and so earth-shattering, her focus is completely thrown. On DI Khan’s part, he’s still not properly processed his grief (that moment in episode one when he accidentally orders two coffees – whew!); and although he’s cordial and professional with his new superior, he’s clearly not too jazzed about working with her either. This is not a friendship for the ages – and what Lang captures so cleverly in the opening few episodes is not the fact that they’re openly hostile or confrontational, but that they simply… don’t click. Sure, we see overt moments of discomfort; such as when one of them mutters ‘dick’ under their breath about the other, or one drafts up a resignation letter because they’re just not feeling the new partnership. But what’s really interesting is the little, subtler things: the cordial conversations that are drenched in awkwardness, the knowing glances between other members of the team, the total and utter lack of warmth. There’s a blink-and-you-miss-it moment in episode three when DCI James cuts Khan off when he’s suggesting they go for a coffee; and another when she phones him offering something of an olive branch and he, after a long pause, says simply, ‘Yep’. The look on her face…! Whether they’ll be best buds by the end of the season remains to be seen, but what’s clear is that this a very interesting dynamic – with Keenan bringing an equally brilliant yet intriguingly different vibe to the table compared to Walker. And hey, even if the new DCI was a total misfire (which she isn’t), Unforgotten is a crime drama with its own unique storytelling format – and the relationship between the two leads means nothing without a decent case for them to work on. Luckily, from what I’ve seen so far, Lang has once again struck gold in that department: as ever, it’s such a thrill to spend episode one taking in the vignettes of seemingly unrelated characters, knowing that as the series unfolds, their stories will intertwine and their shady links to one another will be gradually revealed. In the mix this time is Rhys Yates as a troubled thief with a troubled girlfriend; Martina Laird as a successful restauranteur with her own demons simmering beneath the surface; Derry Girls’ Ian McElhinney as a wealthy Tory bigwig fighting a cancer diagnosis; and Max Rinehart as a man trying to create a stable life with his girlfriend in Paris. Connecting them all is the decaying corpse of a woman discovered in a chimney – a corpse in such a poor state that it’s hard for the team to tell if she died years or decades ago. So far, so head-scratching… and once again, with or without the late, great Cassie Stewart, Unforgotten has all the ingredients of a grade-A mystery. The question of whether DCI James and DI Khan will be on cuddling terms by the time it’s solved is just the icing on the cake. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : What happened at the end of Unforgotten series 4? Finale explained MORE : Unforgotten series 5: Sanjeev Bhaskar teases release date and confirms big change after Nicola Walker’s exit MORE : Unforgotten star Nicola Walker’s replacement revealed ahead of series 5