Today the readers have one main topic on their minds – the story about a shopkeeper having to let a thief go otherwise he’d face prosecution himself. This has led to one reader commenting that more needs to be done in terms of not letting crime pay. Another reader has argued that some people steal because desperate people are in a position where they’d take desperate measures. Read on, and have your say… ■ A shopkeeper who caught a thief red-handed and locked him in his store was told by police to let him go – or face prosecution himself (Metro, Thu). Jarnail Singh Atwal is furious at the response, claiming it ‘sends a message to thieves that anyone can walk in and take what they like’. Police told him to let the thief go because he had threatened to set fire to the premises. Firstly, how could the police be sure he would have had the means to start a fire? Secondly, he was in a locked room and so would have been the first to have copped the flames if he did. And thirdly, the mind boggles at what damage he could have done once released from the room, possibly in a deranged state. As Morrissey once sang, shoplifters of the world truly do unite and take over! Dec, Essex ■ My friend is a shopkeeper in Colchester who suffers ‘walk in, walk out’ thefts daily. Despite good CCTV and constant reporting, he gets no help from the police. He was told he can’t restrain or touch thieves. A hi-res enforcement camera outside his shop is pointing at a bus lane. Danny, London ■ The shoplifter stole a packet of washing machine tablets. This sounds very much like a desperate individual who is trying to make ends meet during the cost of living crisis. Locking the person in the store could constitute false imprisonment. There is a concern that the detained person may have welfare and/or health issues, so I can understand why police would have been concerned, as it totally outweighs the original offence. Ken, London ■ I was very surprised to read about the Derby shopkeeper who apprehended a man he caught stealing from his shop, only to be told by police to release him. Isn’t it the job of the police to stop crime and to catch criminals? They obviously failed in their duty on this occasion. Scott, West London ■ Last summer, an off-licence in our area was attacked by three youngsters armed with a hammer and knives. The shop owner and another worker chased them out and a hammer was thrown at the shop owner’s head, badly injuring him. Despite having CCTV footage, the police couldn’t find the attackers and it took a long time for the shop owner’s head to heal. Plus, he had to fix the broken glass doors and windows of the shop with his own money. Samuel, Tooting ■ I would like to dispute Adrian of Leigh-on-Sea’s claim (MetroTalk, Wed) that people can’t grow their own veg because they have either a very small garden or no garden at all. A few years ago I was forced to give up my allotment because of ill health, but having ‘grown my own’ for more than 30 years I wondered how I could continue. My garden is too small for a greenhouse and is full up with trees, shrubs and bulbs. The answer? Grow in pots. Last year I grew raspberries, strawberries, potatoes, sweetcorn, melons, cucumbers, French and runner beans, lettuces and salad leaves, as well as sunflowers more than 6ft tall. I prefer to grow tomatoes in bags under my back window but there is no reason why you can’t grow them in pots. All you need is compost and fertiliser, and remember to water them. You can get potato kits for about £20. I have just finished eating my potatoes that I harvested last July. Money for compost etc can be saved from not having to buy supermarket fruit and veg. The home-grown taste is far superior and any excess can be frozen. Even if you don’t have a balcony or garden, you can still grow some types of veg on a windowsill. Give it a go and you’ll never look back. Kids love harvesting the spuds, too – it’s like digging up buried treasure. Pam, Kent ■ Matt Hancock disputes the allegation he ignored expert advice about testing people for Covid before sending them to care homes at the start of the pandemic – a decision campaigners say led to thousands of unnecessary deaths (Metro, Thu). If, as the former health secretary claims, someone is lying or ‘manipulating’ evidence – in the form of WhatsApp messages leaked by the journalist Isabel Oakeshott – I know who I believe. I expect Mr Hancock will be facing many more questions. How did such a person ever get the job of health secretary? Jennifer, Manchester ■ Mr Hancock says a public inquiry is the proper forum to judge government ministers’ handling of the pandemic. Inquiries are no more than graveyards where the truth is buried and governments get away with everything. The pandemic cost us billions of pounds and thousands of lives. This is a disgraceful chapter in our history. If we allow it, the establishment will bury it. ST Vaughan, Birmingham ■ Vic from Bexley says I should stay out of politics and Tinribs from Rotherham says he’s speechless (Metro, Thu) because I voted Leave in the 2016 EU referendum to facilitate the downfall of David Cameron and his sidekick, George Osborne. I concluded that leaving the EU was the lesser of two evils in that to vote Remain, which I wanted to do, would mean Cameron and Osborne remaining in power. During this period there was widespread division as a result of these two men’s policies. They deliberately chose to scapegoat the most vulnerable in our society, which was causing huge harm. My vote that facilitated Cameron’s downfall was well and truly worth it. Mike, Atherton Start a text with VIEWS followed by your comment, name and where you live to 65700. Standard network charge applies. Or email mail@ukmetro.co.uk. Helpline for Views, Rush-Hour Crush and Good Deed Feed: 020 3615 0600. Full T&Cs on metro.co.uk/terms. Metro is a member of the Independent Press Standards Organisation. Comments may be edited for reasons of legality, clarity or space.