Tyson Fury has broken his silence over negotiations with Oleksandr Usyk – insisting he wants 70 per cent of the fight purse or he will walk away from the deal. The two heavyweights have been in talks for a fight to crown the first undisputed champion in 20 years since December but major doubts over it going ahead have begun to emerge. Usyk’s promoter Alexander Krassyuk revealed this week Fury has rejected an offer where the winner of the fight walks away with a 60 per cent cut, suggesting the Briton is pricing himself out of what would be one of the biggest fights in history. But Fury has now insisted he will not back down, also warning he will deduct an extra one per cent of the fight purse for every day that goes by without an agreement. In a video shared on Instagram, Fury said: ‘I see all this talk, they want 50 per cent, Tyson’s being greedy. ‘Where I’m standing, Usyk, you and your team, are worth 30 per cent. You either take it or you leave it. And if you don’t want it, go fight Daniel Dubois at the Copper Box and get a few million dollars. If you want to make some real money, come and fight The Gypsy King. ‘But I will say, every day from today that you  linger and mess around, I am going to deduct one per cent from the 30 per cent. ‘So every fay I’m going to deduct one per cent until you take it. And if you don’t take it, go fight Dubois for $2million. Not a problem. ‘But how in the world will you ever offer me a deal? Not possible. Tick tock.’ Speaking to iD Boxing on Wednesday, Krassyuk admitted the Fury fight ‘doesn’t look likely’ with Daniel Dubois next in line to fight the Ukrainian. The Londoner holds the WBA ‘regular’ title with Usyk in possession of the ‘super’ belt. The WBA officially ordered Usyk to defend his title against Dubois in December but at that stage, it looked unlikely that ruling would affect plans for the undisputed clash against Fury. That could change should no deal be agreed with ‘The Gypsy King’ with Krassyuk welcoming the prospect of a title fight against the 25-year-old. ‘This is actually what’s next for Usyk. So what can I say? We have to comply with it. It’s probably not the worst fight for the UK. Dubois is English,’ he said. ‘Usyk fought a couple times here, so he’s probably a bit known. This is a fight where an Englishman is fighting for three belts at heavyweight. It’s a bit more than just a normal heavyweight fight. ‘Because Usyk and Tyson and all this stuff occurred, that’s why it doesn’t look that big because we have something to compare with. On the other hand, it’s still huge.’ MORE : Oleksandr Usyk vs Tyson Fury ‘doesn’t look likely’ with Daniel Dubois in line to step in and challenge Ukrainian star MORE : ‘He has played fans for years!’ – Eddie Hearn slams Tyson Fury for ‘rejecting’ Oleksandr Usyk offer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 