Rio Ferdinand has urged Kylian Mbappe to leave Paris Saint-Germain following their latest Champions League exit – and hopes he moves to Manchester United next. PSG’s wait for the UCL trophy goes on after the Ligue 1 giants exited the competition on Wednesday night after losing 3-0 on aggregate to Bayern Munich. Following a 1-0 loss at the Parc des Princes a few weeks ago, goals from Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting and Serge Gnabry at the Allianz Arena compounded PSG to a fifth round of 16 exit in the last seven seasons. The defeat will no doubt reignite the rumours surrounding the future of their talisman Mbappe who came very close to joining Real Madrid on a free last summer, only to U-turn at the last minute and sign a new three-year deal. But with the prolific forward considered way too good to be playing in Ligue 1, and with PSG no closer to winning the elusive Champions League, even after the arrival of Lionel Messi, many believe the time has come for him to go. United legend Ferdinand certainly think so, and offered the 24-year-old some transfer advice, telling BT Sport: ‘He’s the most devastating player to watch on the planet right now. I love watching him. ‘I think to go to the next level, he needs to go to a more competitive league. I think as much as he’s been great for PSG and they’ve been great for him, he’s won the World Cup and now he’ll want to win the Champions League and I don’t see that happening there. ‘[He should move to] Man United! The Premier League is the best, most entertaining league in the world, the most competitive league in the world 100%. ‘I’d love to see him come here – but nowhere else but Man United if he comes to England! Asked whether he’s sign Mbappe or Harry Kane in the summer, Ferdinand added: ‘Oh 100% Mbappe. I think even Kane would say Mbappe as well. ‘He’s young, he’s beginning to get towards his peak years. He’s not even there yet and he’s already scored more than 200 goals for PSG, won a World Cup and been top scorer at a World Cup.’ Fellow pundit Peter Crouch agreed, with the former Liverpool and Tottenham striker adding: ‘He is in a league that’s below the standard that he’s set. ‘He’s been unbelievable for France, he’s done fantastically well, PSG’s record goalscorer already, so I think the time has come to try it in a top league: either Spain or England. ‘Let’s be honest. he can pick any club he wants. I think the rumblings and the rumours around Real Madrid don’t seem to be going away. He’s been attached to them for a long time but of course Liverpool are the other option for him!’ MORE : Manuel Pellegrini hopes to capitalise on Manchester United’s 7-0 loss ahead of Europa League clash MORE : Thomas Muller aims dig at Lionel Messi with Cristiano Ronaldo comparison after PSG’s Champions League exit For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 