Josh D’Amaro, Disney’s parks and experiences chairman, gave a presentation at this week’s SXSW and one moment in particular has excited Star Wars fans across the globe. Explaining to those in attendance that Disney parks will be honing in on ‘storytelling’, D’Amaro unveiled what he billed as being a ‘real’ lightsaber. ‘I have the coolest job in the world,’ D’Amaro declared, before adding: ‘I’m holding a real lightsaber.’ He then hit a button on the side of the lightsaber hilt he was holding, and voilà, a bright blue beam shot from it, enticing gasps from the audience. He said the lightsaber was one of the props used onboard Disney’s Galactic Starcruiser experience and then brought Leslie Evans onstage, who runs R&D for Disney Imagineering. According to Deadline, she told the crowd: ‘This was a hard project. This was not easy.’ D’Amaro then raved: ‘I love firing this thing up.’ Needless to say, the reveal has delighted Star Wars fans, with many taking to social media to share their excitement. ‘Disney made a real lightsaber and it looks insane,’ tweeted one person, while another said: ‘I’m f***** getting that lightsaber and taking it everywhere.’ Other comments included: ‘I don’t think I’ve ever needed something as much as I need that lightsaber,’ ‘very cool’ and ‘OMG a real life lightsaber.’ Disney launched its immersive hotel experience Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser at Disney World Resort in Florida last year. Guests kick off their journey by heading to the Galactic Starcruiser terminal. There, they board a launch pod and travel through hyperspace, eventually reaching the Halcyon ship. They dock and head to the main deck atrium where guests are greeted and escorted to their cabins. Once they’ve dumped their bags, guests can explore the ship or grab a drink at the Sublight Lounge. Other activities at the hotel include lightsaber training and musical performances. Matt Martin, from Lucasfilm’s content and strategy department, previously said of the Galactic Starcruiser: ‘The events of your stay at Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser are set between the events of Star Wars: The Last Jedi and Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker.’ He added: ‘As a passenger, you get to choose your own path and the parts of Star Wars that really call to you, that are special to you, you get to go live those.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : GB News viewers criticise ‘alternative’ Match Of The Day segment mocking ‘rainbow flags’ in Brighton: ‘This is beyond tragic’ MORE : Idris Elba reflects on ‘hard’ Sexiest Man Alive shoot and reveals word of warning he gave photographer 