It was the decade that brought us Ben Sherman shirts, TFI Friday, The Spice Girls and two feuding Mancunians (who would quickly become the most famous brothers in the world). And it seems that three decades on, we still can’t get enough of the nineties with the promise of a Britpop-filled summer, which includes Blur’s sellout Wembley Stadium show. So, what is it about this era that has people loving to live in the past? Here, some nineties kids tell all… Scottish author Paul Laird, 50, from Edinburgh, spent much of the early 90s travelling every weekend after falling in love with the Britpop scene. I was exactly the right age for Britpop as I had just turned 18 in 1991. I lived in a little coastal town called Kirkcaldy, which was about as remote as you could get, and it all seemed very distant, very far away and very glamorous. I would travel in and out of Glasgow and Edinburgh for gigs and I saw Suede, Elastica, Blur, Saint Etienne and so many others during those early months of Britpop. I’d also go to Leeds and Manchester and about once a month down to London on the overnight 10-hour bus from Glasgow. We’d go to Blow Up, which was the 90s night to go to, buy bootleg tapes from various gigs and trawl through record shops. We’d go to places like Merc on Camden Street and buy vintage Ben Sherman’s. The fashion side was as important really for everyone, it wasn’t just a music thing. You could feel that something was happening. There was an optimism and a genuine sense that things were changing. There were always new bands on the front of NME, new records to buy and it was even reflected in cinema. I was never beguiled by the lad rock side of it, like Oasis and Dodgy. Suede were the one for me. The lyrics and their look and sound were so exciting and so dangerous and thrilling. Blur’s second album Modern Life Is Rubbish was also a gamechanger for me as well. It was direct and very British, a response and reaction to the grunge thing. Not only did the music speak directly to kids like me, but the style of the band at that point provided a template for our wardrobes. Skinheads with mop tops, Docs, Levis, Fred Perry, Ben Sherman, suits, brogues… we looked fabulous! The Flamingoes, Marion, Elcka, Sleeper, Echobelly, Tiny Monroe and Bis. There was just this constant list of bands to see. Thirty years on I look back on it with a great deal of fondness, but I’m not trapped there. Blur became one of the biggest bands in the world so I’m not surprised to see them sell-out Wembley again. What’s going to happen this summer will be a great thing. People can be quite sniffy about nostalgia, but sometimes it’s nice to go back and hear songs you know, singalong and have a nice night out. I hope the sun ‘shiiiines’ on all of them and that people have a great time, a few drinks and put their arms around each other as they sing to their favourite songs. Maybe well get a new album from Blur or Pulp and that will be great – but then maybe we can just tuck it away again and look for something else. Paul is the author of The Birth & Impact of Britpop: Mis-Shapes, Scenesters & Insatiable Ones. If it wasn’t for Britpop, married couple Anna and Dave Williams, 41 and 42 from Ely, in Cambridgeshire, would not even be together. Anna says: Like so many, my love for Britpop started with Oasis and Blur and Parklife and Definitely Maybe. I was a bit of a pioneer and would spread a lot of the music around school. We used to have a record shop in town which had a 50p box for all of the singles at the end of their run. I’d go in and pull five of those out every week and then play them to everyone. Dave and I got together through Britpop. We had mutual friends and he heard me talking to one of his girlfriends about gig I was going to, to see The Bluetones. He just came over and said ‘Bluetones, can I come?’. They were our first love and our first proper gig together seeing them at Cambridge Corn Exchange in 1996, after that we saw Stereophonics, Embrace and Feeder and so many more right up to this day. I remember when Sleeper announced they were playing again in 2015. We were on our Valentine’s Day meal and I was frantically on my phone trying to get tickets before it sold out. Suddenly a real momentum started to build up and there were all these gigs being announced and bands getting back together who we never thought we’d get to see again. People started to put on nights again and people realised there was a gap in their lives. So many bands we see just seem so happy to be back on stage and that energy spreads throughout the crowd. Perhaps back in the day at times it felt like they were going through the motions, but now everyone is just enjoying it. Dave says: Prior to 1994 I was going down a very bleak and tragic British R&B route, but then I switched on the radio one day and they were playing Supersonic by Oasis. Those opening guitars and drums just really got me and I just thought “oh my God! That is what I want to listen to!”. Three decades later that passion has never waned. We married in 2009 and in our time together, music has been a constant. We go to so many gigs together, weekenders and music festivals. It has been very exciting to go back into indie clubs again. You had all that initial excitement, the music you loved but perhaps because you were older and had listened to a lot more music you appreciate it a bit more. I think a lot of people our age, or slightly older, are at the point in their life where perhaps they can leave their kids at home and start going out again. I don’t know when or if the revival will end. I can see the shelf life being determined by whether the bands still want to do it. Look at The Rolling Stones, no one can stop them. Rebecca Frost, 42, and an accountant from Norfolk has attended scores of Britpop gigs since the 90s. I grew up in sleepy Lincolnshire and we didn’t have any good music within 100 miles of us. We had to travel for two hours to get to Sheffield to see anyone. But then, when I was about 14, Britpop suddenly started appearing everywhere. I was all about Take That and then Oasis came along. I remember buying Whatever on single and sitting on my bedroom floor looking at the packaging and just playing it over and over again on my first ever CD player. It was more than the music. It was the lifestyle, the whole culture. It was real people that you could relate to. The music was amazing though. We’d sit in the park and someone would bring a CD player and we’d study for our GCSEs listening to Ocean Colour Scene. My friend lived in a pub with a jukebox so we’d have parties and hang out there. I can remember listening religiously to the Evening Session with Jo Whiley and Steve Lamacq whilst doing my homework. So many things I heard for the first time on there. My first Britpop gig was The Seahorses in 1997 at the Doncaster Dome. I went with some friends at school, one of whom had just passed his driving test. We got in his mum and dad’s Escort after school, me and three other lads and it was awesome. Oasis’ Be Here Now had just come out and we were all sitting in the back singing our hearts out. Then one day I was sitting watching Top Of the Pops and The Bluetones – Bluetonic came on and I thought ‘oh I like this’. The rest is history, I went out and brought it on CD the next day and have done about 30 full band shows since. Thirty years on and I’m now at an age when I can travel to gigs, my kids are a bit older and I have disposable income, so I want to listen to music from my roots. My love for the 90s music has always remained, it’s never gone away and it never will. I’m hoping to see Pulp at Latitude. It will be amazing to get to see them live again.’ Jon Rogers, 42, from Norfolk, has co-run a Britpop night called Common People for the past six years. Britpop exploded when I was about 14 – a very impressionable age- and these jangly guitar pop songs just kept pouring out on the radio. Suddenly, football became less important and music moved itself in. That year, I learnt how to play guitar and I remember being in my mate’s attic, playing and singing Whatever, by Oasis on a battered, very badly tuned classical guitar. Every penny from a paper round bought me a new cassette each week. Pulp Different Class, Oasis What’s The Story (Morning Glory) and Blur Parklife in that order. I was hooked. Forever. Next thing I know we’re in our own band, hilariously called Aurora, playing pub gigs and talent shows playing Britpop songs, excruciatingly in the wrong key and wrong time signature sometimes. We were absolutely awful but it stays with you – that feeling of sharing the music you love. Fast forward 25 years – and I co own Common People, a Britpop 90s dance night which brings together people like me. I recognise myself in all the people who come alone. People who fell in love with that era, that music, those bands, that fashion – but never had a cash to be able to fully enjoy it. We’ve had heroes from the era join us, Bez (Happy Mondays), DJ Steve Lamacq, Rick Witter (Shed Seven), Nigel Clark from Dodgy (who I loved), Louise Wener from Sleeper and more. I love doing them and there’s an interesting community feel to them. People start to recognise each other who attend these events. Our next one is at the Camden Assembly, a location and venue synonymous with the era, having hosted bands such as Oasis, Blur, Coldplay and many more during its time as the Camden Barfly and The Monarch. In 2022, we played a set at Latitude Festival. We were pumping out a real best of Britpop set, and the front row was full of teenagers, and they knew every single one to the songs. Every lyric. Every emotion. It was like looking at a mirror of me 25 years ago – 1995 relived. It just goes to show no music era dies. Tickets for Common People at Camden Assembly are available here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Roger Daltrey and Blur lead tributes as Game of Thrones actor and Dr Feelgood guitarist Wilko Johnson dies MORE : Blokecore: The men’s fashion trend throwing it back to Britpop’s heyday MORE : Noel Gallagher appears to be channelling heartbreak from marriage split into new music