Ian Wright said he ‘loves’ Reiss Nelson after the Arsenal substitute scored a 97th-minute winner to complete a dramatic turnaround against Bournemouth. Mikel Arteta’s side looked set to drop points in the Premier League title race after relegation-battlers Bournemouth took a shock 2-0 lead at the Emirates Stadium. The Cherries scored the second fastest goal in Premier League history – coming after just nine seconds – to leave Arsenal stunned, before doubling their lead on the hour mark. But Arsenal responded brilliantly and levelled the thrilling Premier League clash through goals from Thomas Partey and Ben White. Despite the comeback, a draw would still have been a frustrating outcome for an Arsenal team chasing their first league title since 2004, but Nelson scored with virtually the last kick of the game to send the Emirates wild. Gunners legend Wright was being filmed in the build-up to Arsenal’s dramatic winner and reacted with utter joy to a potentially huge moment in the Premier League title race. Arsenal’s remarkable victory sends them five points clear of defending champions Manchester City and 14 ahead of Manchester United, who have two games in hand. Gunners boss Arteta praised his side for ‘never giving up’ despite Bournemouth leading by two goals with around 30 minutes remaining. ‘They never gave up,’ the Spaniard said. ‘There is nothing like sharing those great moments with your people. I’m so happy for Reiss.’ Arsenal hero Nelson added: ‘When the ball came out to me I was thinking “please give me one chance”. I’m buzzing, really happy. ‘We need moments like this if we want to go all the way. We’re not looking at any other team at the minute. We are focusing on ourselves. We will keep going day-by-day, game-by-game. As an Arsenal fan, I’m just delighted with the result.’ Arsenal face Sporting Lisbon in the Europa League on Thursday night before continuing their Premier League campaign next weekend against London rivals Fulham. MORE : Reiss Nelson reacts to scoring incredible last-gasp goal in Arsenal’s win over Bournemouth MORE : Why VAR didn’t award penalty to Arsenal for handball during Bournemouth clash For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 