Mae Muller has been selected to represent the UK at the Eurovision Song Contest in May, according to media reports. The 25-year-old singer will reportedly perform at the long-running contest at the Liverpool Arena with the track I Wrote A Song. The Better Days performer is thought to have been chosen by BBC bosses and global management company TaP Music, which has counted Lana Del Rey and Ellie Goulding among its clients. TaP was behind selecting Sam Ryder as the UK entrant for the 2022 event, where he changed the country’s fortunes and came second behind Ukrainian entry Kalush Orchestra. The north London-raised vocalist will be the first female entrant for the UK since SuRie competed in 2018 with Storm, coming 24th. When approached by Metro.co.uk, a BBC spokesperson did not confirm or deny the reports and said: ‘The UK’s entry for Eurovision 2023 will be revealed on The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show on BBC Radio 2 tomorrow morning.’ A source told the Daily Mail: ‘Mae is an extraordinary talent and there is little doubt that she will do the country proud and hopefully replicate the success and euphoria that Sam brought to last year’s competition. ‘A lot of time and effort has gone into picking the best singer for the job, she might not be a household name yet and of course the people who selected her are expecting people to ask who she is but they think the nation will love her, as will those across Europe.’ In recent years, she has worked with chart-topping acts including girl group Little Mix, whom Mae supported, rapper Aitch and music producer and DJ Sigala. Eurovision will be held in Liverpool after the UK was chosen to host the competition on behalf of war-torn Ukraine. Tickets for the grand final, which will take place at the 11,000-capacity Liverpool Arena later this year, went on sale on Tuesday and sold out in just over half an hour. While some fans celebrated after they were able to secure tickets, others commiserated after experiencing technical difficulties when trying to purchase tickets through the Ticketmaster website. Eurovision will air BBC and will be hosted by singer and Britain’s Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon, Ted Lasso actress Hannah Waddingham and Ukrainian singer Julia Sanina, as well as returning favourite, comedian and talk show host Graham Norton. The semi-final evening preview kicks off at 8pm on May 8, with the grand final live show bringing the contest to an end starting at 8pm on May 13. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Mae and the BBC for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mimi Webb rules herself out of representing UK at Eurovision 2023 as huge announcement looms MORE : Eurovision tickets being flogged for up to £12,000 after host Rylan Clark lashes out at ‘ridiculous prices’ 