Michelle Yeoh reportedly withdrew an Instagram post which may have broken the Oscars’ ‘references to other nominees’ rule. The Everything Everywhere All At Once star, 60, missed out on the best actress accolade at this year’s Baftas to Cate Blanchett, who won for her role in Tár. Now the Oscars are coming up on March 12 in Los Angeles, people are speculating whether the awards body will honour representation, after the Baftas failed to give an award to any non-white nominees last month. With the backdrop of conversation surrounding diversity in awards season, Michelle reportedly shared – and later removed – a post featuring a Vogue article from Tuesday titled ‘It’s Been Over Two Decades Since We’ve Had a Non-White Best Actress Winner’. In it, the publication mentioned Michelle’s fellow Oscar nominee Cate. Michelle sharing such a post is potentially not allowed according to the Academy rules, as they forbid nominees from using ‘any tactic’ that singles out ‘the competition’ by name. Michelle reportedly shared her post hours before the Oscars voting was set to close on Tuesday, but it was deleted soon after. The potentially problematic extract in the article read: ‘Detractors would say that Blanchett’s is the stronger performance – the acting veteran is, indisputably, incredible as the prolific conductor Lydia Tár – but it should be noted that she already has two Oscars. It continued: ‘A third would perhaps confirm her status as an industry titan but, considering her expansive and unparalleled body of work, are we still in need of yet more confirmation? ‘Meanwhile, for Yeoh, an Oscar would be life-changing: her name would forever be preceded by the phrase “Academy Award winner,” and it should result in her getting meatier parts, after a decade of being criminally underused in Hollywood.’ This rule also hit the headlines earlier this year when many Hollywood stars campaigned for Andrea Riseborough to receive a nomination for her role in indie film To Leslie. A review into potentially unfair tactics found ‘social media outreach campaigning tactics that caused concern’ although they did not retract the nomination. Metro.co.uk has contacted the Oscars for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jamie Lee Curtis gives co-star Michelle Yeoh huge smooch after record-breaking awards for Everything Everywhere All at Once MORE : Baftas 2023 red carpet: All the celeb looks we’re loving, from Michelle Yeoh to Florence Pugh 