It looks like Ireland Baldwin painted the town pink during her lavish baby shower this week. The model, 27, who is the daughter of actor Alec Baldwin, announced she and boyfriend Rac were set to welcome a child on New Year’s Eve. The couple enjoyed the lavish bash – which was held at the adult entertainment club Jumbo’s Clown Room in Hollywood – and shared several snaps of the do on Instagram. Hilary Duff, Rumer Willis and the model’s mum Kim Basinger, were among the A-listers who attended the elaborate shindig, which also saw Ireland donning a neon pink wig, because why not. ‘Way too many of these to post but it’ll have to come in parts,’ she wrote when speaking about the shower on social media. ‘My friends and family threw us a very traditional baby shower as you can see. I wouldn’t have had it any other way. I was showered… in booty.’ Sharing the update with fans and friends at the beginning of the year, Ireland posted an ultrasound photo along with the simple message: ‘Happy New Year,’ along with a love heart emoji. Ireland will welcome the new arrival with musician boyfriend Rac, real name Andre Allen Anjos; the pair have been together since 2021. As well as Ireland’s first child, it will be dad Alec’s first grandchild. He himself recently welcomed a daughter, Ilaria, his seventh child with wife Hilaria, meaning his youngest daughter will be a similar age to his first grandchild. Hilaria and Alec also share Carmen, nine, Rafael, seven, Leonardo, six, Romeo, four, Eduardo, two, Lucia, 21 months, and Ilaria, two months. Ireland is his oldest child, who he welcomed with first wife Kim Bassinger; the pair divorced in 2002. Earlier this year the model spoke about her dad’s decision to have a large family, saying some people seem to be ‘obsessed’ with the number of children he has. ‘I think a lot of people assume my take on any of this, well here it is for free – it’s none of my business,’ she wrote on Instagram. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alec Baldwin ‘sued by Rust crew members over PTSD symptoms’ following death of Halyna Hutchins MORE : Ireland Baldwin showered with praise as she shares nude baby bump photo  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 