An alligator broke through a metal fence at a golf course and forced it to bend with shocking ease. A video of the episode shows a large gator approaching the fence at a private golf course in Placida, Florida. It sticks its nose through one of the evenly spaced gaps and seemingly effortlessly gets its head through. The reptile then climbs in the hole with its two forelegs and quickly gets half of its body through. The ‘brand new fence’ was installed ‘to keep trespassers out and keep the safety of people walking’, said an employee at the golf course, identified as Zach. ‘We were trying to dig holes for it to go under before it decided to go through the fence,’ Zach, whose co-worker recorded the video, told Jam Press. The video, shared by WINK meteorologist Matt Devitt, cuts off while the alligator has plowed halfway through the fence, leaving viewers wondering what happened. ‘He got stuck in between and we had to help him out but the fence, which is aluminum, did get damaged,’ said Devitt, adding it was made of a ‘lightweight material’. The gator ‘eventually made it through’, he confirmed. Devitt’s video has garnered more than a million views on Facebook. There are more than 1.3million alligators in the state, according to the Florida Fish & Wildlife Department, but attacks are not common. A rare attack occurred last month at the Spanish Lakes Fairways retirement community in Fort Pierce, which is about 70 miles north of West Palm Beach. A wildlife observation camera captured the terrifying moment that a 10-foot-long gator emerged suddenly from a body of water as an 85-year-old woman was walking her dog. The gator went after the small dog, which ran, and the reptile pulled the woman into the water. And earlier this month, a man living in Daytona Beach, Florida, opened his front door believing someone was looking for his son – and got bitten in his upper thigh by a nine-foot-long alligator. He is recovering, and the gator was captured and euthanized. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.