Ian Wright and Alan Shearer will face no action from the BBC for boycotting Match of the Day in support of Gary Lineker. The BBC decided to remove Lineker from hosting Match of the Day on Saturday evening following his post on Twitter in which he compared the language used in a Home Office video on immigration policy with Nazi Germany. In a quick U-turn, Lineker was reinstated by the BBC on Monday morning, while the broadcaster confirmed it will launch an independent review on its social media guidelines. Following the BBC’s move to take Lineker off the air, Wright and Lineker made it clear that they would not be participating on Saturday night’s show in solidarity with their colleague. Alex Scott also pulled out of hosting Football Focus on Saturday, while Mark Chapman withdrew from Match of the Day 2 on Sunday evening. However, the BBC will take no action against those who showed support for Lineker by making themselves unavailable for last weekend’s coverage. Wright, who was the first to declare his support for Lineker, wrote on Twitter on Friday: ‘Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I’ve told the BBC I won’t be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity.’ The former Arsenal striker also said on the Wrighty’s House podcast: ‘I tell you something if they do, the BBC, get rid of Gary Lineker, I am out, I’m gone, I’m not staying there.’ Following the news that Lineker will return to host the BBC’s FA Cup coverage next weekend, BBC director general Tim Davie said: ‘Everyone recognises this has been a difficult period for staff, contributors, presenters and, most importantly, our audiences. I apologise for this. ‘Gary is a valued part of the BBC and I know how much the BBC means to Gary, and I look forward to him presenting our coverage this coming weekend.’ Lineker, who has hosted Match of the Day for over 22 years and is the BBC’s highest-paid presenter, wrote on Twitter on Monday: ‘However difficult the last few days have been, it simply doesn’t compare to having to flee your home from persecution or war to seek refuge in a land far away. ‘It’s heartwarming to have seen the empathy towards their plight from so many of you. ‘We remain a country of predominantly tolerant, welcoming and generous people.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 