Police are now of the belief that Constance Marten’s child must have ‘come to serious harm’ as they continue the search for the missing baby. Officers gave an update on the investigation at a press conference this afternoon and made a plea for anyone with information to come forward. Det Supt Lewis Basford from the Metropolitan Police said Constance and her partner Mark Gordon remain in custody and investigators have applied for a 36-hour extension to hold them for further questioning. Mr Basford told reporters in Brighton: ‘This is a hugely difficult and painstaking search operation, covering a vast area of some 90 square miles. ‘We’re using every resource we have at our disposal to find the baby.’ Constance and her sex-offender partner Mark Gordon were arrested in Brighton on Monday. They were detained on suspicion of child neglect and remain in police custody after nearly two months on the run. Hundreds of police officers have been scouring a large area between Brighton and Newhaven to try to find the infant, who has not had any medical attention since birth in early January. This morning, officers from London Search and Rescue could be seen in orange hi-vis jackets searching Moulsecoomb Wild Park. The wooded nature reserve is around a mile from where Marten and Gordon were arrested. Yesterday a pair of pink earmuffs – which it is unknown whether they belong to the child – were also found in woodland nearby. In a press conference yesterday, police said they still ‘hold hope’ that the missing baby is still alive, but have warned ‘risk to the child is extremely high’. A Met Police spokesperson said: ‘Whilst we hold hope that the baby is still alive, we agree that the risk to the baby is extremely high. ‘More than 200 officers have been engaged in the search and officers arrived within 6 minutes after the 999 call yesterday that led to the arrests of Constance Marten and Mark Gordon.’ Police have also searched every shed at the Roedale Valley Allotments near where Marten and Gordon were arrested and will remain on site for some time. An entry on the allotments society Facebook page said officers had forced entry to outbuildings as the hunt for the two-month-old baby continues. The couple had avoided police since the infant was born in early January. They moved around the country, paying for everything in cash and covering their faces when on CCTV. But a tip-off led to them being detained at around 9.30pm on Monday by officers from Sussex Police in Stanmer Villas. CCTV footage had showed Marten and Gordon walking past a row of houses in Brighton, both with their hoods up, prior to their arrest. A neighbour told The Sun the ‘suspicious’ couple walked by her house at 8.40pm with no shopping bags, then returned at 9.25pm carrying two bags of food from a shop. Walking behind Marten, Gordon can be seen carrying what appears to be a large metal pipe, and can be heard ‘shouting’ at her.