Paris Hilton has reflected on the sex tape she made with her then-boyfriend as a teenager which was then leaked without her consent. The heiress was 19 years old when she participated in a sex tape when then-boyfriend Rick Samolon, who released it years later and sold it under the name ‘1 Night In Paris.’ Paris had just become a fairly high-profile reality star when the tape was released, following the success of her show The Simple Life with Nicole Richie, and was mocked in the press, by the public and by shows like South Park. Now the new mum, 42, who recently welcomed son Phoenix via surrogate with husband Carter Reum, has reflected on making the tape and how she felt when it was released without her knowledge. In an excerpt of upcoming memoir Paris: The Memoir, published by The Sunday Times, the Hilton heiress refers to her then-boyfriend by his nickname Scum, and says she doesn’t ‘remember that much’ about the night he wanted to make a tape. She said she drank alcohol and took the sedative Quaalide on the night, and allegedly told him she ‘felt weird and uncomfortable about it’. ‘I always told him, “I can’t. It’s too embarrassing”‘, she added, but said she felt pressured to go through with it. ‘That was the worst thing I could think of – to be dumped by this grown man because I was a stupid kid who didn’t know how to play grown-up games,’ Paris writes in the memoir, reflecting on her teenage self. When a 37-second clip began circulating online years later, Paris says she begged her ex not to release the full tape, but he told her he had ‘every right’ as it ‘belonged to him’ and had ‘a lot of financial value’. The reality star said she felt her ‘life was over,’ noting the career and brand she had planned for herself ‘was no longer possible’. She recalled her parents’ reaction, with her mother going to bed devastated and her father ‘furious’ and calling lawyers; her brothers ‘could hardly look at me’. Paris insisted that had she chosen to make the tape and sell it, she ‘would have owned it’ and ‘stood by it’, even ‘capitalised on it’. It’s not the first time the Stars Are Blind singer has spoken about the difficult time in her life, telling the New York Times in a 2020 interview that it was supposed to be a ‘private moment’. ‘To have that come out,’ she said, ‘such a private moment, and for the whole world to be watching it and laughing like it’s some sort of entertainment, was just traumatising’. Paris is now settling into life with a newborn, and is currently undergoing IVF in the hopes of having a daughter in future. She and husband Carter announced the birth of their baby boy last month, and she wrote on Instagram at the time: ‘You are already loved beyond words.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paris Hilton undergoes IVF again in hopes of having a daughter: ‘I’m waiting for the results’ MORE : Paris Hilton claims Harvey Weinstein followed her into bathroom as teenager: ‘It scared me’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 