Johnny Depp has been confirmed as a performer for a tribute concert in honour of Jeff Beck. The much-loved guitarist died in January at the age of 78 after ‘suddenly contracting bacterial meningitis’, an infection of the protective membranes that surround the brain and spinal cord. What followed was an outpouring of love for Beck, as friends and colleagues shared fond memories of working with the Grammy-winning rock star. Now, Eric Clapton, in conjunction with Triple A Entertainment Group Ltd, has announced concerts by rock legend pals to honour the memory and artistry of the late musician. The concerts will take place at the Royal Albert Hall on the evenings of and May 22 and 23, 2023. A finalised list of artists appearing will be finalised nearer the date of the performances, but many artists have already indicated their wish to be a part of the tribute, most of whom are expected to take part in both concerts. These stars include Clapton, Depp, Doyle Bramhall, Gary Clark Jr, Billy Gibbons, Imelda May, John McLaughlin, and Robert Randolph. Olivia Safe, Sir Rod Stewart, Joss Stone, Susan Tedeschi, and Derek Trucks are also expected to take part. From the Jeff Beck Band, Rhonda Smith, Anika Nilles, and Robert Stevenson will take to the stage. Surplus income from the concerts will be donated to the Folly Wildlife Rescue based in Tunbridge Wells, Kent. Tickets will go on sale on Wednesday, March 15 at 10am, and will be available from the venue and BookingsDirect.com Pre-sale registration is also available, with the pre-sale taking place from Tuesday, March 14 at 10am. Pirates of the Caribbean actor Depp was especially close with Beck, and it was widely reported at the time of Beck’s death that Depp was among several ‘rock stars’ to have visited his bedside while he was ill. The movie star was ‘totally devastated’ by his friend’s death, as Beck and Depp had become extremely close over the past several years, with Beck recalling during a gig together that the actor had ‘come knocking on my dressing room door about five years ago and we haven’t stopped laughing since.’ They were so close that Depp is believed to be the only mourner invited to join the musician’s wife, Sandra, at his private burial service. According to The Daily Mail, Depp, Sandra and the couple’s dog Paddy were the only ones present for the intimate service on February 4 on the grounds of his home in Wadhurst, East Sussex. A source told the outlet: ‘There was genuine love between the two men, and Johnny had huge admiration for him and his talent.’ Also in attendance at Beck’s funeral were the likes of Sir Tom Jones, Ronnie Wood, and Sir Bob Geldof. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emily Ratajkowski recalls depression and ‘gaslighting’ when leaving marriage to Sebastian Bear-McClard MORE : Keanu Reeves earned more money from The Matrix ‘than any other actor has made from a single movie franchise’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 