Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta believes Graham Potter’s reign at Chelsea will be ‘unsustainable’ if he is unable to start improving the their form. Chelsea have registered just one win in their last 11 matches and Sunday’s 2-0 defeat to Tottenham was their third consecutive loss in a row. Potter is under huge pressure to find a solution at Stamford Bridge, with reports now claiming this week that Chelsea’s owners are beginning to have doubts over the manager they appointed to replace Thomas Tuchel in September. Arsenal, meanwhile, are two points clear at the top of the Premier League and can move five clear of Manchester City if they win their game in hand against Everton on Wednesday evening. But Arteta was also forced to come through a rocky period at Arsenal, with some supporters calling for his dismissal after a poor start to last season. When asked how Arsenal’s hierarchy reacted during his difficult time at the club and the comparisons with Potter’s current situation at Chelsea, Arteta said: ‘With me they were really supportive. ‘But at the end you have to win football matches because you know that if the run continues that it is unsustainable. ‘I knew I had to win against Norwich and win against Burnley, and then everything helps and the environment starts to get better, everybody is more confident and you can keep going. We depend on results, unfortunately. ‘I always just focused on how to turn things around, how to make the team play better, to be more efficient, get players back because we had 11 players out of the squad in that period so we needed players back as quick as possible as well. ‘When you have a close relationship with managers which I had in Spain, some in Italy, some here, of course you get in touch, sometimes they give you support like we all do when someone is going through a difficult [period]. Maybe not on the phone, but just at least a nice text of support.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 