Manchester United have made contact with Harry Kane’s representatives and are ‘encouraged’ by talks over a summer move, according to reports. Kane has long been linked with a move to Old Trafford and this summer looks set to be the perfect opportunity with United keen to sign a striker and the Tottenham star’s contract due to expire next year. Despite interest from Bayern Munich, Kane is likely to want to remain in the Premier League as he looks to break Alan Shearer’s all-time scoring record. United feel Spurs will drop their £100m asking price, according to The Sun, if they fail to qualify for next season’s Champions League. Tottenham lost to Wolves on Saturday and will drop out of the top four on goal difference if fifth-placed Liverpool win their game in hand. Spurs are desperate for Kane to sign a new deal but they could be forced to listen to offers if he announces his intention to leave at the end of the season. Kane has long spoken about his desire to win trophies and with Spurs unlikely to land any silverware again this term – with their last major trophy coming in 2008 – he may decide to finally leave north London. Manchester City tried to sign Kane four times in the summer of 2021 but Tottenham refused to sell the England captain, who has since become the club’s all-time record goalscorer. Former United defender Rio Ferdinand has told Kane he has to leave Tottenham if he wants to win trophies while Louis Saha has predicted that the 29-year-old will end up signing for the Red Devils.  Ex-Spurs boss Harry Redknapp, meanwhile, said this week: ‘He looked low [after the FA Cup exit to Championship side Sheffield United]. ‘Maybe he’s thinking to himself it looks like I’m never going to win a trophy here [at Tottenham]. ‘He must be having doubts about it when they keep getting knocked out of competitions like they did [against Sheffield United].’ MORE : Man Utd told to snub Harry Kane and sign 'amazing' Tottenham teammate instead MORE : Kane or Osimhen? Rio Ferdinand reveals who Manchester United should sign 