Hair colour trends are going sweet – with inspiration coming from our dessert plates. Enter, the tiramisu colour trend. As the name suggests, the trending look features darker roots – like the top dusting layer on a tiramisu – and lighter ends, like the creamy parts of the sweet treat. It’s an upgrade on balayage hair and highlights, as the lighter gradient is more gradually applied to the hair. Tyler Moore, expert stylist at Live True London, says: ‘Tiramisu is a colour trend about softening up blondes and bringing creamy shades to brunettes. ‘It’s a blend of creamy and warm blonde tones with chocolate roots/base which can be adjusted to any complexion.’ Tyler says the ‘low maintenance’ colour is a good option for those not wanting to repeatedly bleach their hair, explaining it’s ‘the perfect lazy girl look’. Nicole Petty, a hair expert at Milk + Blush, says it’s a good option for those who want low effort, but with maximum pay off – thanks to the mix of tones this look needs. ‘Like its namesake that consists of a trio of colours (e.g. coffee, cream and chocolate), tiramisu hair is a hair colour technique that uses three shades of warm tan with a yellow undertone, deep warm brown and light brown with gold undertones,’ she explains. ‘The trend’s minimal effort allows your natural hair colour to seamlessly blend in with other shades, with no-fuss elements such as a root smudge or shadow root painted over the top area and softer shades through the mid-lengths to ends to create a layered effect. ‘It’s not too dissimilar to balayage, except it’s even more subtle, using colour layering for a natural look that will leave people guessing if that’s your natural colour.’ She credits Emma Roberts with popularising the look since late last year, with many people now going for a toned-down look over their usual highlights. Not to mention it’s a more cost-effective choice, too. Nicole adds: ‘With the cost of living crisis worsening and many facing financial hardship, gone are the times people afford to visit the salon for a colour top-up regularly. ‘Colours like these that require little and irregular upkeep are much more affordable for the average person and less dramatic or damaging for your mane.’ Tyler says this is also why it suits brunettes as well as blondes, as it’s less harsh and damaging on dark hair. Nicole recommends using a hair mask at home every few washes to maintain the moisture in bleached ends. ‘The beauty of tiramisu hair is that it’s only a very subtle change that gives your locks a break from regular hair dyeing,’ she adds. We’d all welcome that. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I tried the cool girl 70s haircut inspired by Daisy Jones and the Six MORE : The C-cut is trending – here is all you need to know about the hairstyle