Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey Parker and her children will be supporting Siva Kaneswaran as he pays tribute to his late The Wanted bandmate on Dancing On Ice this Sunday evening. The skating celebrities are set to perform a personal routine this week and the 34-year-old singer – and his professional partner Klabera Komini – will skate to his band’s own track Gold Forever in honour of the late star who died from a brain tumour last March. Kelsey Parker is planning to be in the audience for the special show alongside her and Tom’s children Aurelia, three, and two-year-old Bodhi, though she admitted the tribute is likely to ‘break’ her. ‘I’ve told the kids we are going to watch Uncle Siva, that he’s dancing to Daddy’s song, and there are going to be pictures of Daddy around – and they are so excited,’ she told the Sunday Mirror newspaper. The mother-of-two continued: ‘It is going to be really tough for me to sit there, because the song makes me so emotional. ‘But then it’s bittersweet, because I’m going to be so proud of Siva and I want to celebrate Tom. It’s nearly a year since we lost him, and he would still want to be in everyone’s thoughts. ‘So why wouldn’t we celebrate him? But it doesn’t make it any less hard. ‘That we are going to watch someone pay tribute to Tom, dancing to his song is incredible, but it is going to break me.’ Kelsey revealed she thought it was ‘important’ to keep Tom’s name in the public eye because she wanted to campaign for more funding into brain tumour research She said: ‘I have a platform and I want to use it. Tom would have wanted me to use it too. ‘It is shocking how little funding goes into researching brain tumours, and I have the passion to campaign for more, because it really infuriates me. ‘If more funding was channelled into that research, Tom would be here. That is why it is so important that we are still talking about him, and that Siva will go on Dancing on Ice tonight to celebrate him. ‘I know that whatever he does will be beautiful. It will be tough, but I am going to take deep breaths and try to enjoy it.’ Dancing On Ice continues tonight at 6:30pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Siva Kaneswaran defies judges’ expectations as he returns to Dancing On Ice despite nursing chesty cough MORE : Sina Kaneswaran tears up as he reveals Tom Parker’s death spurred him to finally marry fiancée after 10 years 