Stacey Solomon took the plunge and shampooed her ‘greasy’ locks for the first time since giving birth to her daughter Belle. The new mum, 33, updated followers on Instagram about her hair journey and gave them a behind-the-scenes glimpse as she showered her long tresses that had been un-washed for three weeks. She chatted to the camera as she brushed through her freshly scrubbed brunette hair with a comb, dressed in comfy clothes. Stacey captioned the clip: ‘Just me making a thank you speech to everyone who’s stuck by me and my grease ball hair for the last three weeks.’ The Loose Women panellist then continued on to say: ‘Finally done it. Finally washed this mop.’ Picking up some strands and inhaling their soapy smell she then exclaimed: ‘Sweet, sweet smell of not grease. ‘I feel emotional about it, honestly. I feel like I should make a speech it’s been that long,’ she joked. The star then held her hairbrush in her hand as if it was a microphone and continued to deliver her ‘speech’. She said: ‘I want to thank my newborn baby for not crying long enough for me to shampoo and condition. ‘I want to thank my husband for sleeping next to me night after night and not asking for a divorce. ‘The smell can’t have been easy to sleep with. I want to thank you lot for always sticking by me and never judging me no matter how many eggs you could fry on my head. ‘It feels so good. Happy clean hair day.’ The former X Factor contestant and her husband Joe Swash welcomed their third child together on February 11 with Stacey announcing her arrival to the world on Instagram days later. She uploaded a photo of the tiny tot with the caption: ‘She’s here. Our beautiful daughter born at home with all of your brothers and sisters ready to snuggle you forever and ever. ‘You literally flew into our world… And none of us can quite believe your thick dark head of hair that we just can’t get over. We can’t believe you’re here. ‘Welcome to the world beautiful girl, thank you for the last few months in my tummy, we can’t wait to love you forever and ever, we are so grateful we get to be your family.’ Along with Belle, Stacey and Joe are also parents to Rex, three, and Rose, one, while the singer has 10-year-old Leighton and 14-year-old Zach from previous relationships. Joe has a 15-year-old son called Harry who he shares with his ex-fiancee Emma Sophocleous. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon’s attempt to take passport photo of baby Belle proves hilariously and relatably challenging MORE : Stacey Solomon begs new mum Molly-Mae Hague to show her how to create signature hairstyle 