Police have reportedly seized CCTV footage after England footballer Kyle Walker was accused of exposing himself at a bar. Meanwhile, Walker’s wife Annie is said to have told friends ‘he’s a d***’ after he seemingly kissed another woman and touched her breasts in the same footage. The ‘disturbing’ behaviour is said to have happened as he drank with friends at a bar in Cheshire on Sunday evening, following his team’s victory against Newcastle United. The £150,000-a-week player allegedly dropped his tracksuit bottoms twice in front of two women in his group – with two unconnected women just feet away on the second occasion. He could claim the alleged flashing was a joke, but police may choose to question him for indecent exposure – which can see offenders get a two-year prison sentence. There’s a chance he could be quizzed for outraging public decency, a common law offence that carries an unlimited fine and jail term. Officers have already spoken to bar staff at Revolution in Wilmslow, it’s believed.  Annie is said to be ‘mortified’ for their three kids as it is ‘yet another humiliation for them all’. ‘She’s terrified of a police investigation and if that happened she would surely feel like she had to chuck him out’, a source told The Sun. But Walker is alleged to be ‘more concerned that the investigation would derail a contract extension’ than the threat of court or the embarrassment to his family. An unidentified source has blasted him, saying ‘his reaction sums him up perfectly’. They said: ‘That’s the problem right there. It demonstrates a complete contempt for what he’s done and the rules the rest of us have to abide by.’ Bosses at Manchester City declined to comment on the alleged incident yesterday, with it understood that they view it as Walker’s personal life. Metro has contacted representatives for Walker for comment this morning. Cheshire Police said it was ‘aware of a video circulating on social media’ of an alleged incident in Wilmslow on Sunday. They added that ‘enquiries are in the early stages and no arrests have been made at this time’. Annie broke up with Walker in 2019 after an alleged string of romps with reality TV star Laura Brown. They soon reunited but split again the following year when model Lauryn Goodman announced she was pregnant with his child. Walker was forced to apologise when he held a sex party with two escorts at his flat during the Covid lockdown, days after urging people to stay at home to help the NHS. After Annie took him back, the pair married at the end of 2021. They have three sons Roman, ten, Riaan, six, and Reign, 4, while Walker shares two-year-old Kairo with Lauryn. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.