Russia is working to overthrow the government in Moldova, according to the White House. US officials have warned that Kremlin-linked ‘actors’ are plotting to stage protests in eastern European country to ‘destabilise’ it, with the end goal of seeing a more Russia-friendly administration in power. National Security Council spokesperson John Kirby said that as the country seeks to integrate with Europe, Russia is ‘pursuing options to weaken’ the government. ‘Additionally, we expect another set of Russian actors to provide training and help manufacture demonstrations in Moldova,’ he added. ‘Russia has tried and failed to destabilise other European countries, Montenegro in 2016 is a recent example. ‘The activities of Russian groups attempting to target Moldova are of concern, but we should not overestimate their capabilities.’ Mr Kirby also pointed to recent efforts by Russia intended to sow disinformation about Moldova’s overall stability. He pointed specifically to the Russian Ministry of Defence’s claim last month that Ukraine has been planning to invade Transnistria, Moldova’s Moscow-backed separatist region, where Russian troops are stationed. He called that action ‘unfounded, false,’ and insisted such claims ‘create baseless alarm’. The White House’s statement was released just weeks after a number of anti-government protests were held in the capital, Chisinau. Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets organised by a group calling itself Movement for the People and supported by members of the Russia-friendly Shor Party, which holds six seats in the country’s 101-seat legislature. Another protest is also planned by the group tomorrow. Sandwiched between Ukraine and Romania, Moldova has often been at the center of a struggle between Moscow and the West. The push-and-pull has only intensified since Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion of Ukraine last year. The US is declassifying this intelligence now in an effort to thwart Russia’s plans for Moldova, and has committed to an additional $300 million to address the urgent needs created by the war in the country. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.