With every Oscars trophy held aloft, there are the runners up that must sit in the crowd, and watch someone else achieve their dream. While the gracious loser face has been perfected by many a star, last night, Angela Bassett couldn’t quite hide her disappointment. When it was announced that she lost out on the best supporting actress award to Jamie Lee Curtis, the camera landed on Angela, who looked close to tears, and didn’t applaud the winner. The 64-year-old actress had been nominated for the gong for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever and had she won, it would have been her first win after two Oscar nominations. Many have jumped to criticise Angela for being a sore loser, with one Twitter user writing: ‘Her reaction was poor sportsmanship.’ But others have praised her raw show of emotion. One person wrote: ‘Angela Bassett’s reaction to Jamie Lee Curtis’ name being called… you can tell how much that Oscar would have meant to her. She is, was, and always will be incredible. I better see her on that stage SOON.’ Another simply posted: ‘Angela Bassett is so real for not faking a reaction.’ Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu, academic and lawyer, also took to Twitter to show her support for Angela. She noted how the actress’ feelings weren’t just personal – but pointed to a wider disappointment in the industry. And while many of us may not be able to relate to Angela’s unique situation last night, we do all know what it feels like to experience crushing disappointment. Perhaps you missed out on that job promotion, your offer wasn’t accepted on the dream house, or the amazing date you went on just didn’t feel the spark. When you’re hit with disappointment, the emotions can be incredibly hard to bear. Senior therapist, Sally Baker, says it’s perfectly normally to feel crushed when a certain outcome you wanted, failed to happen. Previously speaking to Metro.co.uk, she said: ‘The possibility of feeling victorious is intoxicating. ‘It connects people with a sense of self-worth that they can otherwise struggle to find within themselves.’ So how do you combat those intense emotions when your hopes have been dashed? ‘Feeling emotionally wounded is a natural reaction to disappointment, so allow yourself time to feel appropriate emotional reactions,’ she advises. ‘Build resilience by remembering other occasions when you and others have overcome loss and disappointment. Keep a sense of proportion. ‘Create some feel-good endorphins to lift your mood by walking outside for at least 20 minutes. This is how long it takes for the brain to release these hormones. ‘And always remember, it’s okay not to feel okay.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I visited a manifestation coach and this is what happened MORE : Corsets dominated the Oscars 2023 red carpet – here’s how to get the look