Another day, another Brexit deal is announced by a politician. I’m almost scared to say it out loud: I am bored of the B-word entirely. Will people be offended by that? Am I going to be accused of not taking politics and the fallout of Brexit seriously? Yeah, perhaps I will – but I genuinely have run out of steam when it comes to caring about deals or no deals. All I care about is making sure those in power are doing everything that they can to ensure the best for our country. I want our political leaders to make decisions that benefit British citizens, rather than making moves to ensure they stay in power. It’s been nearly seven long, excruciating years that began with David Cameron resigning after 52% of the UK voted to leave the European Union; and ended with an unelected Rishi Sunak eventually coming to an agreement with the EU – which apparently fixes the problems caused by the Northern Ireland protocol. Government briefings in recent days have all been about the specifics of the deal. We now know that pets can travel easier between Britain and Northern Ireland, but what about the bigger issues and potential problems the nation faces? We need to fix wider difficulties such as the fact that, as part of the deal, the EU will have power over Northern Ireland. Northern Ireland unionist parties, such as the DUP, are against the EU having any kind of power in their country and Sir Jeffrey Donaldson, DUP leader, has said the party will ‘take our time’ deciding on whether to back the Windsor Framework. The last thing we need are more power struggles in an already tense and delicate power share. EU law will apply to some industries, like food and animal produce, and the European Court of Justice will remain the adjudicator. Sunak has implemented the ‘Stormont Brake’, to allow the Northern Ireland Assembly to stop any new EU legislation applying in the region, but this also comes with the possibility of the EU suspending single market access if it’s activated. To me that very much feels like a threat or punishment from the EU – which means it’s unlikely the Stormont Brake will ever be activated. So, you can’t deny that the 2016 vote has caused problems. A report published by the Resolution Foundation found that a large part of the cost-of-living crisis is due to Brexit. According to the report, the average worker will lose more than £470 in lost pay each year by 2030, compared with what would have happened if Remain had won the vote. It also found that Brexit is damaging the UK’s labour market, too. We have a huge amount of jobs available that are vacant because foreign workers quit the UK following Brexit, according to think tanks. British schools, farmers and the NHS have all been negatively impacted by the B-word, through less funding, poor trade deals and a lack of staff – so I understand that Brexit has had serious consequences. Except, I’m still tired of talking about it. The Northern Ireland protocol and the fragile political situation in the province needs to be handled delicately, and perhaps Sunak’s Windsor Framework is going to be a reasonable solution. But again, do any of us really care about the Framework? It’s 147 pages long and full to the brim of mandates that we’re never going to actually read, dealing with everything from sausages, to paperwork on how to trade with Europe if you’re a small business, to the ‘integrity of the UK’s single market’. I’m not an expert on the protocol, and I couldn’t tell you what laws have changed for us after Brexit, but I’m pretty sure I know how some folk are going to react to the latest deal. Hardline Brexiteers like Jacob Rees-Mogg, are already seemingly lining up against this new proposal, with Rees-Mogg hinting at a rebellion. Boris Johnson, not yet committed to vote either way, looms over the debate – there’s a man I’m certainly tired of. But I feel equally exhausted by those at the other end of the spectrum too, like single-minded remainers, who instinctively won’t be happy with the framework because it doesn’t roll back enough of Brexit. Both sides have valid points and they’re entitled to their opinions, but I’m more concerned with being able to buy tomatoes in the local supermarket. I don’t want to have to consider Brexit every time I pop to the shops, I just want things to work in a basic enough way that allows me to get on with my life with minimal disruption. Is that too much to ask for? Will this framework allow me to go through customs in European countries without having to queue for a couple hours? Will it help save the millions of businesses that have struggled with the changes? And, are we going to bring in more European nurses to help alleviate the pressure on the NHS? I’m sick of politicians reflexively telling us ‘this deal is great’ or ‘this deal is terrible’. I would much rather those same MPs just put aside their dogmatic ideology and work together to secure a better present – and future – for all British citizens. Boris Johnson famously told us that he had ‘got Brexit done’. Sunak’s deal makes it seem like there was plenty of unfinished business, yet Johnson claimed he had managed to secure an ‘excellent’ deal for Britain. Well if that was so excellent, why is Sunak changing it? It’s important to remember who got us into this mess and who continues to stand in the way of us progressing to a point where the country is moving in the right direction. Isn’t it about time we put the last six years of division behind us and collectively work to make things better now? To save many of us from rolling our eyes for many more years to come, please let’s just get on with it. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Ross.Mccafferty@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Rishi Sunak praises Northern Ireland’s ‘unbelievably special’ access to EU MORE : Rishi sets out ‘new Windsor framework’ after striking Northern Ireland Brexit deal MORE : Self-confessed ‘total Coke addict’ Rishi says he’s cut down to one a week