To say that this luxury outlet in east London has seen better days would be an understatement. Hackney Walk, on Morning Lane, received £1.5 million from City Hall in the wake of the 2011 London Riots. It opened in 2017 with 14 stores, in the hope that it would bring jobs to the area and rival outlets like Bicester Village in Oxfordshire. So, how did it end up a ghost town? Today, most of the units stand empty. In fact, after the closure of the Nike Factory last October the only shop left is Present. Looking through the windows of the abandoned outlets, it is only the flashy signs of luxury brands that remind of the site’s purpose. Many doors underneath the train archways are boarded up, with graffiti sprayed. There are only a few people walking past the outlet, which used to house high-end brands such as Gieves and Hawkes, and Zadig and Voltaire. Shay, who began working at Present a year after it opened, stressed they are ‘busy and not thinking about closing’. She said: ‘Most of the shops closed just after Covid. There were three or four that stayed afterwards but they have all closed now. Before Covid it was busy and the shops were doing well. The shop worker also placed blame on the rise of online shopping. Hackney Walk is currently owned by The Arch Company, with current leaseholder being Lab C-Estate. Shay has not received much information from the owners so could not comment on their future plans. Looking into the future, she hopes that the empty space is given a purpose again. She said: ;It would be good if they make it into a more community based place and use the space to benefit everyone.’ Many Hackney locals have never visited the outlet, with some lacking interest, but others do not even know it exists. Laura Mival, who lives in Hackney, has never been to the outlet. The 27-year-old said: ‘I have never been. I just know about it because I cycle past. ‘I don’t think it has done well as it’s a bit on the outskirts, they can’t get much foot traffic.’ She hopes something can be done to fill the space, suggesting a cinema or a super club. Lisa Nathan, who works at The Globe pub in Hackney, stressed the outlet is not accessible to everyone. She said: ‘The price is too much for Hackney – people don’t want to shop there. ‘There are lots of good shops around that are much cheaper so people don’t need to go. ‘I have been here 51 years and I have never been in and I wouldn’t want to.’ A spokesperson for the council stressed they has been clear with the owners, The Arch Company, about the need for the space to be brought back into use. A statement read: ‘We understand that The Arch Company is in the process of regaining control of the arches from the current leaseholders, and we are ready and willing to work with them to ensure any plans brought forward reflect the interests of the community. ‘The council recently secured £19 million from the government’s levelling up fund for Hackney Central, a component of which will be to help bring empty spaces back into use. ‘We are looking forward to continuing discussions with residents, businesses, organisations and landlords to shape how some of this investment can ensure facilities like these better serve the community and town centre.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.