Are you a fan of trains? Fancy taking your model railway setup life-size? Now you can, as a converted station house that even has its own locomotive and private train track has hit the market for £500,000. Saughtree Station, in Newcastleton in the Scottish Borders, dates back to 1867 and was converted into a residential home during the 1990s. The quirky property has six bedrooms and six bathrooms, providing the future owners with stunning panoramic views and plenty of opportunities to get into nature. And the real estate magic doesn’t end there. To the north of the home is the old railway platform and former railway line, with the track still working as a private railway. The area is currently laid with railway track which is available to purchase along with Meg of Saughtree – a Ruston diesel shunter – plus two wagons and a guard’s van. Its stone exterior and slated roof is rugged against the green, countryside backdrop, while the gardens are dotted with flowers and trees. Inside, the property has two generous living areas, with the first sitting room doubling up as a dining area. There’s also rustic wood burning stove for warmth throughout winter. A bedroom wing is situated off the sitting room, complete with a utility area, bathroom and bedroom. Then, up a small flight of steps is the old ticket office which now serves as a bedroom but could be used as an office, reading room, or somewhere for crafting and play. In addition to this, there are two further bedrooms and an en suite shower room. The kitchen, which come with an Aga stove, is set centrally, looking over the garden to the south. Another three spacious bedrooms are located at the west end of the house; all have a bath or shower room too, so you’ll never have to fight over the morning schedule. For those who love the outdoors, the terrace is south-facing and perfect for al fresco dining and entertaining during the summer months. As for the location, the Liddlesdale Valley locale offers a vibrant community feel and amenities like shops, a bank, a health centre and schools. The Border towns of Hawick and Jedburgh are nearby if you need anything else, plus you’re only a short drive away from the English city of Carlisle. Property agent Andrew Thomson commented: ‘This is one of the most unique properties I have come across. ‘It must be one of the only properties available in recent years with an opportunity to also purchase a working private railway and diesel locomotive.’ Check out the property, which is on sale with Savills, at Rightmove. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : London’s most valuable house could be yours if you have a spare £300,000,000 MORE : Former BBC studio is now a luxury apartment on sale for £2.5million MORE : What I Rent: Alaina, $650 a month for an 80 sq ft studio apartment in Manhattan, New York