Rapper GloRilla has spoken out following reports that a crowd stampede at their show in New York on Sunday left one person dead and nine others suffering injuries. The fatal incident occurred at the Main Street Armory concert venue in the northern New York city of Rochester. Police were called to the venue following reports of shots fired when the gig came to an end around 11pm. However, Rochester Police Chief Dave Smith later said reports of gunshots had not been confirmed. The 23-year-old Memphis rapper tweeted on Monday: ‘I’m just now hearing about what happened wtf, praying everybody is ok.’ According to People, the concert goer’s death had not been confirmed when GloRilla took to social media. GloRilla, who was born Gloria Hallelujah Woods, was recently nominated for a Grammy for her song FNF (Let’s Go) for Best Rap Performance and also won the award for Best Breakthrough Artist at the 2022 BET Hip Hop Awards. Speaking after the incident, Smith said: ‘We do not have any evidence of gunshots being fired, or of anyone being shot or stabbed at the scene.’ He added that responding officers were able to eventually make their way inside the venue, where they found ‘three females with significant injuries.’ The victims were transported to Strong Hospital in Rochester, where one victim, a 33-year-old woman who has not yet been identified, was pronounced dead. Two more of the injured victims remain in a critical condition. Seven more people were transported to the hospital from the concert venue, where they were treated for not life-threatening injuries. Of the incident, Rochester Mayor Malik Evans said: ‘This is a tragedy of epic proportions, and it is something that all of us who love concerts worry about. ‘What I saw last night, in the aftermath of what happened at this concert breaks my heart and is totally unacceptable.’ Both he and Smith asked concertgoers to submit videos and images from the show to better help police piece together what happened. ‘We are hearing many reports of potential causes, including possibly crowd size, shots fired, pepper spray, and other contributing factors,’ the police chief shared. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘The Big Show’ Paul Wight reveals ‘inspirational’ secret to John Cena’s success in WWE and beyond MORE : Selena Gomez urges people to be kinder following Hailey Bieber drama  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 