Sex/Life season 2 has well and truly outdone itself with another very NSFW moment. The raunchy Netflix drama centres around Billie Connelly (Sarah Shahi) as she juggles her marriage to husband Cooper (Mike Vogel), and her intense attraction to her ex-boyfriend Brad Simon (Adam Demos). The first instalment of the blockbuster series sent viewers into meltdown when it landed on the global streamer, thanks largely to that shower scene, which apparently caused 20 million viewers to pause and click rewind. But that could be considered small fry to a very jaw-dropping scene in season 2 episode 6, which sees Devon (Jonathan Sadowski) unveil the results of his penis reconstruction work in a gym changing room. In very Sex/Life style, Devon’s manhood was severed in a car accident because he was receiving a blow job at the time of the collision, which caused his companion to chomp it off. Despite the very nasty accident, Devon was thrilled by the work of surgeons as he debuts his new wang in front of his pals, boasting: ‘I actually gained an inch.’ ‘Let me fire it up for you,’ Devon continued, as he proceeded to grab his balls and pump up his penis, telling the gang: ‘Everything is fully automated. I have a stylish new curve, which is cool.’ ‘Chicks dig it. Makes it easier to hit the g-spot, as they say. If you actually believed the g-spot is a thing, am I right?’ he added. ‘Would’ve had thought that Piper biting my penis off would have given me a whole new lease of life?’ Devon boasted as he windmilled his willy (of course): ‘My man, I am just getting started.’ The sequence is very much reminiscent of season 1 when main character Brad (Adam Demos) flaunted his rather large manhood in the shower, sending the internet into meltdown. On the topic of filming the scenes himself, told Entertainment Weekly in 2021 of his comfort: ‘I was okay with it because you read the script and know what you’re getting yourself into from the start, so I don’t think you would sign on to a show after reading the scripts and then say no last minute.’ Adam added: ‘That doesn’t mean you can’t have discussions about comfort level, which they allowed us to have — and with the intimacy coordinator, so it felt a lot safer. Sex/Life is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sex/Life season 2 release date finally confirmed with steamy trailer: ‘There’s no going back’ MORE : Idris Elba makes rib-tickling confession about Luther’s signature look ahead of Netflix movie  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 