Ron Hall is ‘livid’ over claims he is ‘playing a game’ on Love Island. The 25-year-old Islander is set to confront Samie Elishi, 22, on tonight’s episode after she and some of the other people in the villa have been questioning his motives with Lana Jenkins, also 25, and he pulls her aside for a chat. ‘I’m not going to lie, I’m quite livid, I’m just not going to have it… I’m not having a whole gaff think that after one challenge I’m playing a game,’ he says. Samie tells him that ‘that’s the way it’s been perceived’, noting that ‘people were talking about it’, but he’s not impressed. ‘The only way that’s being perceived is by either you or Tom going away and taking that and making out as if it was said that way,’ he replies. During Sunday’s episode, he told some of his fellow Islanders: ‘When I was a viewer… I thought, the ones who have their drama nice and early and then get comfy and treat it like a holiday, they’re the ones who are probably like, they just cruise.’ ‘I can see why people probably thought, “Oh Lana and Ron are just cruising through”. I’m not bothered by any of that. As I know I’m not, otherwise I never would have made her my girlfriend, it means too much to me.’ Tonight, Samie tells him: ‘It was weird though, it was a weird comment,’ adding: ‘Ron, you said it, all I’m saying is that’s what you said and it can be perceived as weird and everyone in here has an opinion on it.’ Ron fires back: ‘If they’ve got an opinion, say it to me… Please relay your opinion on the fact you don’t think I’m game playing because I’m not having nine other people thinking I’m game playing when I’ve got my girlfriend in here and people are talking behind my back.’ Samie insists: ‘I can’t influence nine other people’s opinion, I’ve had the chat with you, whoever does think it, you need to talk directly to them. I’m not doing that, I’m not cleaning up all of that.’ Elsewhere in tonight’s episode, Samie decides to surprise Lana with a surprise breakfast, explaining: ‘Everyone loves her, the boys love her, they all hold her in such high regard.’ The episode will also mark the return of the Love Island talent show, with Shaq Muhammad performing a strip tease and Ron showing off his Rubik’s Cube talent. Elsewhere, Casey O’Gorman surprises the Islanders by playing the trumpet, while Will Young treats everyone to a rap. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 followed by Love Island: Aftersun. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers turn on Rosie Seabrook for ‘lying’ about Ron Hall’s advice: ‘She does know this is on camera right?’ MORE : Love Island fans cringe at Kai Fagan’s high school students watching steamy hideaway antics 