Tyson Fury’s promoter Frank Warren has confirmed that the WBC champion’s unification fight against Oleksandr Usyk is back on and set to take place at Wembley on April 29. The two heavyweights have engaged in a very public back-and-forth over the purse split in recent days and there were fears a breakdown in talks would see the WBA order a fight between Usyk and mandatory challenger Daniel Dubois instead. However, on Friday evening a statement from the WBA confirmed that a broad agreement had finally been reached and both parties had been granted additional time to sign the contracts and close the deal. Usyk says he is prepared to cede to Fury’s 70/30 demands if he donates £1million to Ukraine and Warren has now confirmed that the contracts are being sorted and the much-anticipated fight should go ahead. Speaking to talkSPORT, Warren said: ‘It’s on. Subject to the contracts being sorted out, everyone is on the same page. We just have to keep moving it along and I’m sure it will happen.’ Asked if the bout was still planned for April 29, the promoter continued: ‘That would be the date for the fight. At one stage I wasn’t sure if Tyson would be fit for it, but he’s okay. ‘The bottom line is they have both come out and said what they want to do and obviously we have to get the contracts signed. Everybody is working on that to get everything finalised.’ He continued: ‘Everyone wants to see the fight. Everybody should take their hat off to Tyson Fury because he’s the only heavyweight since going back to those great glory days of Ali, Foreman and Frazier that has fought the best around of the generations he’s been in. ‘He’s fought against Klitschko, who was the best of his generation, went to his back yard and beat him. The longest reigning heavyweight in Deontay Wilder – went to the states not once but three times and beat him. ‘Now he’s stepping up to the guy who has had two wins over Joshua and has three belts. You have to take your hat off to Tyson, we talk about Lennox Lewis, but he never fought Riddick Bowe, never fought Mike Tyson until he was well past his best. I’m not taking anything away from Lennox he was a great fighter. Tyson has fought all these guys at their best. ‘Once we get it all finalised… it’s great. It’s the first time four belts have been on the line. It’s the biggest heavyweight fight in goodness knows how many years. ‘Both are undefeated and both in their prime. It will be a fantastic event and the highest grossing event ever to take place at Wembley, beating the previous one. ‘I’m not talking about boxing but a one-off event. The previous one was last April again with Tyson. He’s a megastar and I’m delighted for him. People should acknowledge in him we’ve got a fighter who doesn’t duck anybody.’ MORE : Oleksandr Usyk accepts Tyson Fury’s 70-30 split offer for Wembley fight on one condition MORE : Tyson Fury breaks silence and demands 70 per cent of fight purse for Oleksandr Usyk showdown For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 