Ever wanted to sleep in a pine cone suspended 35ft above the ground? Well now’s your chance. Pinecone Treehouse is a wild property nestled in the trees of Bonny Doon’s redwood forest in California. And if that doesn’t make this Airbnb unique enough already, it’s almost three dozen feet above the ground, accessed via a set of wooden steps that lead up to a trap door. Inside, you’ll see that the wooden pine cone is actually mostly windows, allowing guests to enjoy 360-degree views. And worry not, they windows are reflective for extra privacy. Other than the bed and the view, there’s not much else in the tree house, so it’s back to basics if you’re staying here. There’s a ‘woodsy’ sink and shower with running water in a bathroom down on the forest floor, and a compostable WC in place of a loo with traditional plumbing. As the owner puts it, Pinecone House’s purpose is to allow guests a space where they can ‘tap into your higher self’ and ‘rediscover your inner calm’. Bonny Doon, which is said to be named after a poem by Scottish poet Robert Burns, is a logging town in California with just over 2,800 residents. It’s surrounded by hundreds of acres of untouched greenery as well as a few wineries and lavendar farms. So if you do book a stay in the tree house, you’ll want to make sure you’ve brought any necessities in with you, because shops won’t exactly be within walking distance. You can book a stay in the treehouse through Airbnb but it’s so popular that the owner has to release availability every two to three months, and announces this release date ahead of time. You’ll have to move fast, but the next set of dates is being released on 3 April at 5pm. At the time of writing, a stay on the only free night listed (11-12 March) including all the fees and taxes costs a whopping £816. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : From floating tents to serpent structures – these are the most unique Airbnb homes around the world MORE : This seaside town has been crowned the UK’s ‘cheapest staycation spot’ MORE : You can meet Seth Rogen if you stay at his Airbnb – and it’s an absolute bargain