Iconic jazz musician Wayne Shorter has died aged 89. His publicist, Alisse Kingsley, confirmed he had died at a hospital in Los Angeles on Thursday (March 2). There was no immediate information given on his cause of death. Shorter was a renowned composer whose career spanned half a century. He is often hailed as a pioneer who shaped the sound of modern jazz. Shorter was a key figure in popularising the soprano saxophone, and rose to fame as a central player in the evolution of post-bop jazz in the 1960s. He released a series of solo albums for Blue Note’s record label, and enjoyed a stint with the Miles Davis Quintet. Shorter famously departed from the typical chorus-verse-chorus format in his music to explore different approaches to harmony, melody, and structure. Between 1970 and 1986, the late star led jazz-rock supergroup Weather Report alongside keyboard player Joe Zawinul. He also collaborated with names such as Joni Mitchell and Steely Dan. Shorter went on to win 12 Grammys for his music, with his 11th gong honouring his audio-visual work on Emanon in 2008. The project was two hours of music and a 74-page graphic novel, with Shorter proceeding to push himself and make music well into his eighties. At the time of his death, he was working on an even more ambitious project – an opera titled Iphigenia. The play debuted in Washington, DC in 2021 and received glowing reviews. New Jersey-born music icon Shorter was also devoted to the Buddhist faith, having started practising in 1973. Shorter is survived by his third wife, Carolina Dos Santos, and daughter, Miyako. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears takes a loss on her glamorous Calabasas mansion after selling it for just over $10,000,000 MORE : Chris Brown slammed after dashing fan’s phone into crowd during lap dance onstage  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 