ITV News have appeared to make a pretty big error and mistaken Derek Jameson for Ken Bruce in a video marking the latter’s departure from Radio 2. The 72-year-old Scottish presenter, who has helmed the mid-morning slot for more than 30 years, had his last handover from Zoe Ball’s breakfast show on Friday. He officially bowed out of his show after more than 40 years at the BBC, thanking his listeners, the production team at Radio 2 and the corporation. ITV News took a moment to mark his departure, sharing Ken’s final comments on Radio 2 with a picture of him in the studio. The clip then cut to an old video of late journalist Jameson, who died in 2012, in a recording studio. ‘Who’s that?’ one person said, sharing the video on social media. ‘That’s not Ken Bruce!’ they continued. Journalist Jon Sopel also penned: ‘Dear @itvnews Umm…why was your report on #KenBruce last day full of pictures of the late Derek Jameson?’ ‘I noticed that! Thought I’d gone mad!’ another replied. ‘Brilliant ITV showing pictures of Derek Jameson while discussing Ken Bruce leaving the BBC today,’ someone else wrote. Winding up his show, Ken described the BBC as ‘still the finest broadcasting corporation in the world’ aside from the ‘occasional vagary’ and also thanked members of the Ken Bruce Preservation Society who gave him a bottle of Irish cream liquor. The DJ then played a medley of Golden Slumbers, Carry That Weight and The End that closes the Abbey Road album by The Beatles as his career at the BBC came to an end. Ken will be moving to Bauer’s Greatest Hits Radio in April to present a new mid-morning show from 10am to 1pm. Last week, the BBC announced that TV presenter Vernon Kay will take over Ken‘s Radio 2 slot on a date yet to be announced. Gary Davies, host of the station’s Sounds Of The 80s, will present the mid-morning show from March 6 until Vernon takes over the helm, the corporation also said. Metro.co.uk has approached ITV for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Scott Mills and UK Eurovision winners hail Ken Bruce as he leaves Radio 2 after 40 years at the BBC MORE : Ken Bruce praises BBC despite ‘occasional vagary’ as he signs off from Radio 2 show for final time 