Former Strictly Come Dancing professional Ola Jordan has been on a health kick with husband James Jordan, who says his wife has now gained so much confidence she loves to walk around their house naked. Late last year the dancing pro, 40, and her husband, 44, posted photos of their transformations after shedding a combined 6.5 stone. Sharing that they had undertaken the challenge to improve their health and for their daughter Ella, they also said their weight had got in the way of their sex life. While Ola had said her self-esteem had become so low she struggled to leave the house, it seems like she’s now got a boost of confidence back. Now her husband has shared that she is totally comfortable in her own skin. ‘Now she walks around naked all the time,’ he said. After the cheeky confession Ola added: ‘Since I’ve turned 40 I knew I didn’t want to be unhealthy. I wasn’t looking forward to being 40 and like that, but when I lost a bit of weight I was like, “Yeah I’m happy now,” but it’s not easy.’ Speaking about their decision to take before and after photos of their bodies, Ola said she found it confronting at times looking back. ‘Some of the pictures I see of myself I’m like, “Oh my God. I actually was quite big”,’ she told The Daily Star. First unveiling their weight loss in December, it took the couple four months to reach their health and fitness goals. Previously saying that it had been hard ‘letting ourselves go’, Ola found it hard to ‘accept’ her changing body after leaving Strictly in 2015. However, comments James made about ‘preferring’ his wife slimmed down drew the ire of many, but defending the comments he said: ‘I prefer her because she’s happier thinner.’ ‘She was unhappy and I knew that,’ he added while the pair appeared on Lorraine. ‘I think people chose to be offended for Ola but she wasn’t offended by it.’ Backing her husband up, Ola added: ‘I knew where he was coming from. He knows that I feel more confident now and happier. I’m just myself again.’ The couple, who married in 2003, welcomed their first child Ella together in 2021. Strictly Come Dancing is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing bosses ‘line-up Loose Women’s Sophie Morgan to make history as first wheelchair-using contestant’ MORE : Anton Du Beke thinks Strictly Come Dancing deserves credit for Diversity winning Britain’s Got Talent 