Paul Merson has backed Arsenal to win the Premier League after their dramatic comeback victory over Bournemouth. Arsenal restored their five-point lead over Manchester City with a thrilling 3-2 win over Bournemouth at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Mikel Arteta’s side looked dead and buried after going 2-0 behind – Phillip Billing scoring after just nine seconds and Marco Senesi doubling Bournemouth’s advantage on 57 minutes. But two goals in eight minutes from Thomas Partey and Ben White saw Arsenal draw level and the Premier League leaders snatched the three points in the dying seconds thanks to Reiss Nelson’s superb strike. Manchester City had put pressure on Arsenal earlier in the day with a routine win over Newcastle United but the Gunners responded with a win that takes them five points clear with 12 games remaining. Asked if he believes Arsenal’s name is on the Premier League trophy, Merson told Sky Sports: ‘I think they win the league, I really do. ‘They just keep on going and going, they don’t know when they’re beaten. That’s four wins in a row now. ‘They came back against Aston Villa too. I think they’ve done brilliantly and if they win their next three games, I don’t see how they don’t win the league.’ Merson added: ‘It was a relentless match. [Bournemouth boss] Gary O’Neil looked devastated at the end but fair play to Arsenal. ‘I was so impressed by them because they dictated the game despite being behind. The early goal shook them but they came back. ‘At 2-0 you think at best they get a point, but it’s a fantastic goal to win it from Nelson. If he plays another 500 games for Arsenal he won’t score a better goal. ‘He composed himself and half-volleyed it into the far corner. It’s a fantastic goal but I’m not sure Arsenal will want to be doing it like that for the next 12 games.’ Arsenal match-winner Nelson, meanwhile, told BBC Sport: ‘When the ball came out to me I was thinking “please give me one chance”. ‘I’m buzzing, really happy. We need moments like this if we want to go all the way. We’re not looking at any other team at the minute. We are focusing on ourselves. ‘We will keep going day-by-day, game-by-game. As an Arsenal fan, I’m just delighted with the result.’ Arsenal continue their Premier League title challenge next weekend with a trip to London rivals Fulham. MORE : Reiss Nelson reacts to scoring incredible last-gasp goal in Arsenal’s win over Bournemouth MORE : Ian Wright says he ‘loves’ Arsenal star as he celebrates epic Bournemouth victory For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 