A dad who was admitted to hospital with a ‘slight temperature’ ended up in a six week-long coma and having an arm and leg removed. Junaid Ahmed, of Ilford in east London, contracted sepsis which had caused his liver, heart and lungs to fail, and he was put into an induced coma. The 35-year-old is now trying to raise the sum of £100,000 for a bionic arm so he can hug his wife and children again. Recruitment worker Junaid went to A&E with suspected flu, but things soon took a scary turn when he collapsed while waiting to be seen. He woke up six weeks later in intensive care and had to have his right leg, his left arm and left toes amputated. Junaid said: ‘I’d had a temperature for a couple of days and it wasn’t showing any sign of going away so I decided to go to my local A&E to get it checked out. ‘The last thing I remember is having something to eat with my wife as we waited to be see, apparently I passed out and the next thing I remember is waking up in hospital six weeks later. ‘Waking up six weeks later was the biggest shock of my life. I was terrified and so confused. ‘Shortly after medics broke the news that to give me the best quality of life, I’d have to have my right calf, left forearm and left toes amputated.’ The married dad-of-two recalled telling medics to do ‘whatever they could’ as he was determined to stay alive. ‘I just wanted to live for my family, my kids and wife, I can’t wait to be able to hug them properly with my new arm and I’ve been so overwhelmed with the support so far with the fundraiser,’ he added. He first began to experience issues in September 2021 when he began experience a tingling sensation in his right foot. Junaid developed chronic back pain, and had a spinal cord stimulator inserted in May 2022. However, it was just a month later when he ended up ‘blacking out’ at at Queen’s Hospital in Romford. Two weeks later he was transferred to University College London Hospital, in Euston, to save his life. Doctors believe he caught an infection, which led to sepsis, as a result of his spinal procedure months earlier. He received a prosthetic leg in January 2023, and walked back into his home in Ilford where he was greeted by his family. Junaid said: ‘I was determined to walk out of the physio centre for my wife and two children. My wife, Rabia, has been my rock throughout it all. ‘Life is different; my teeth have become my “left” forearm and I used my left armpit to use shampoo but I’m on the mend. Whilst it’s going to take me some time to get back on my bike, I am hopeful that it’ll be this year! ‘If I can get my bionic arm, I’ll be able to get back into the gym properly. I miss being active – it makes me the best version of myself for my wife and our kids.’ Junaid has started a GoFundMe to buy a bionic arm and so far has received £10,000 in donations. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.