This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Aussie brand Jurlique is famed for its luxurious skincare, which harnesses the power of nature from Australia’s rich landscape. Its skincare bundles are some of the beauty industry’s best-kept secrets, with savings on hero buys. So we were all ears when the brand announced its Mother’s Day bundle; the Firm & Rejuvenate Ritual gift set (£119), which includes three products that will lift, firm and nourish the skin. A caveat: we’re not here to suggest that all mums should be investing in products that reverse their wrinkles – we’re pro laughter lines all the way. But for those who are passionate about skin health and want to minimise fine lines and wrinkles, this luxe skincare bundle comes highly recommended by shoppers. Not only does the gift set contain two full-sized bestsellers – the Nutri-Define Supreme Cleansing Foam and the Nutri-Define Supreme Restorative Rich Cream – it also houses a discovery-sized version of one of the brand’s most exciting products. The multi-purpose Activating Water Essence+ has clocked up a serious amount of glowing reviews online, with customers rating the product five stars in almost every instance and many including it as a staple part of their skincare routine. One customer wrote on Jurlique’s website: ‘Beautiful essence which makes my skin incredibly clear and glowing with a hydrated youthful bounciness.’ While another said: ‘Absolutely love Activating Water Essence. I use it everyday – after washing and drying me face I put a small amount in my hands and pat all over my face and neck – followed by my Jurlique serum, face cream and eye cream.’ Nutri-Define is Jurlique’s hero range – so what makes it so effective? Well, for starters, the Nutri-Define products are formulated with Biosome6 Technology, grown in the nutrient-rich soil of our farm in the Adelaide Hills. The brand claims that this formulation improves the skin’s collagen production by up to 46%. The gift set is called the Firm & Rejuvenate Ritual for a reason – the three-step process encourages some skincare self-care where busy mums can find a moment of calm. And what could be a better Mother’s Day gift than that? It’s also worth noting that with every order placed on jurlique.co.uk, you will receive a complimentary Rose Hand Cream (15ml) and a Soy Blend Candle, which is valued at £25. Snap this offer up while stocks last! Check out the range from Jurlique here. MORE : Fans ‘blown away’ (so to speak) by this Eiffel Tower-inspired sex toy MORE : Love vintage fashion? Dawn O’Porter’s new clothing range is perfect for spring