A mum has spent £900 and five weeks transforming her home into a giant chocolate house – perfect for Easter. Carmen Croxall, 35, decided to make her rented home look like it was made of  ‘chocolate bricks’ and decorated it with 12 huge daffodils, a picket fence and an Easter bunny. The mum-of-two is known for transforming her property and already turned it into a gingerbread house for Christmas 2022. This is just one of many designs. She also created a Valentine’s Day love heart display in February but said this Easter creation will likely be her last, sadly. Exhausted from her projects, Carmen said she is worried about the ‘pressure’ of creating something better and wants a ‘rest’. But naturally, she’s going out with a bang. Carmen used MDF to create the 200 chocolate squares which now cover her home, surplus foil purchased from a food factory, and made the daffodils using plastic water jugs, electric wire, yellow duct tape and yellow nylon and fabric. The project, made from mostly recycled materials or purchases from local businesses, cost her £898.50. Carmen, owner of the Prop Factory, from Exeter, Devon, said: ‘I love the daffodils so much. ‘When I told my partner I was making 12 he asked why I don’t just make two or three, but I think what makes them exciting to look at is the volume of them and my front garden is tiny – it’s bordering on ridiculous which I love. ‘I do it all for me and I think that is what makes my content authentic.’ Carmen started to plan her Easter house three months ago but spent five weeks making and installing the chocolate house. She printed 200 chocolate squares, easter eggs and the 5ft chocolate bunny on MDF, costing £320, and bought £5 scrap foil packaging to decorate the roof of her house. Her giant daffodils cost £212.50 in total and are made from a plastic jug, electrical wire, yellow polyester lining fabric and nylon, duct tape, reused cushion stuffing, pipe cleaner and garden wire for the leaves. She created a picket fence around her garden using old bed slats and pallet wood for £120. Carmen tries to use recycled materials where she can – using off-cuts from previous projects to save on the cost. She said: ‘This time round I knew technically three months in advance I was going to do it so I had more time to think about ideas. ‘It took five weeks solid to make everything. ‘However, I spent more time on the things I plan to keep as a permanent fixture like the picket fence, and I made sure the daffodils were made really well too. ‘Sewing the roof took five hours and making the daffodils took over a week. ‘I repurpose as much as it again as possible. Also, a lot of my materials are bought second-hand or salvaged in the first place. ‘My gingerbread house is going to a local shopping centre to be made into a carnival float, my love heart display is being made into a love heart wall in my office.’ Carmen says her neighbours have welcomed her fun creations. She said: ‘The community as a whole are totally amazing, I often post in a community forum with updates, and everyone comments the most amazing things, it makes me so happy. ‘My 13-year-old doesn’t like what I do to the house. ‘He tends to stay in his room out the way, his windows are covered now by a huge sheet of tin foil, so he is well hidden. ‘My three-year-old probably thinks everything I do is normal as it is all he has ever known, just me constantly decorating, painting and crafting. ‘He loves helping me and is starting to pick up on things like the names of things I use like “cable ties” and “pompoms”. ‘He is very hands on and sits on my lap while I’m sewing, helping me guide the fabric and also loves painting.’ However, the ‘stress’ of the project sometimes outweighs the fun. ‘Making three themed house displays consecutively has meant there is a lot of tidying to be done,’ she says. ‘It’s nice to go out with a bang.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman who loves Christmas transforms home into giant gingerbread house MORE : We got on the property ladder with a £8,500 deposit, here’s how