Arsenal have been handed a triple boost ahead of Sunday’s Premier League clash against Fulham with Gabriel Jesus, Leandro Trossard and Martin Odegaard in contention to feature at Craven Cottage. The Gunners will look to restore their five-point lead over Premier League title rivals Manchester City on Sunday when they make the short trip to west London to face Marco Silva’s Fulham. Man City maintained the pressure on Mikel Arteta’s side with a 1-0 win over Crystal Palace on Saturday evening but Arsenal can respond when they play their game in hand tomorrow. Arsenal fans feared they would be taking a depleted squad to Fulham but Goal say Jesus, Trossard and Odegaard may now all feature. Jesus enjoyed an impressive start to the season following a £50m move from Manchester City last summer but is yet to feature for Arsenal in 2023 after suffering a knee injury during Brazil’s World Cup campaign in Qatar. The 25-year-old was pictured in training last week, however, and Arsenal considered taking him to Portugal for Thursday’s Europa League clash against Sporting Lisbon before deciding to leave him in London. Arsenal have also been sweating over the fitness of January signing Trossard, who hobbled off during last weekend’s dramatic Premier League victory over Bournemouth. The former Brighton winger missed the 2-2 draw with Sporting but is expected to travel with the Arsenal squad to Fulham on Sunday.   Arsenal were also without captain Odegaard at the Jose Alvalade Stadium but the Norway star is believed to have recovered from the illness that prevented him from featuring against Sporting Lisbon. The Premier League leaders are preparing to face a Fulham side who have climbed to eighth in the table, nine points outside the Champions League places. Revealing his prediction for Sunday’s clash, ex-Premier League striker told BBC Sport: ‘What a great game this is going to be, and what a test for Arsenal. ‘I really enjoyed watching the Gunners last week. Who would have thought that Mikel Arteta’s side would have been celebrating at full-time of a game against Bournemouth like they had just won the World Cup, but I get it – I was excited too, I actually jumped out of my seat when they scored their winner. ‘What Arsenal are doing is brilliant, but I am concerned about whether they can keep it up because they are so stretched up front. ‘Leandro Trossard came off injured against the Cherries and Eddie Nketiah has lost his way a bit. Gabriel Jesus has been back in training and I wonder how close he is to a return – because he is going to be massive in this run-in.  ‘Playing in the Europa League on Thursday is going to be a distraction for Arsenal but they have to focus on the Premier League now – when are they going to be in a position like this again? ‘Fulham have been flying and will have a real go at them, the same as they did at Emirates Stadium in August when the Gunners came back from a goal down to win late on, with Jesus getting the crucial goal. ‘This time? It is going to be another close one, but I am backing Arsenal to find a way, again.’ MORE : Micah Richards makes worrying Arsenal claim after Manchester City win again MORE : ‘I wish I never left!’ - Willian reveals Arsenal regret after Chelsea decision For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 