Jake Paul has claimed Floyd Mayweather Jr and ’50 dudes’ attempted to jump him after the YouTuber-turned-boxer was seen sprinting away from the former world champion. Paul, who suffered the first defeat of his professional boxing career to Tommy Fury last month, was confronted by Mayweather after leaving the Miami Heat vs Cleveland Cavaliers game on Wednesday night. In video footage shared by TMZ, Mayweather is seen stepping up to the 26-year-old with a member of his entourage heard saying: ‘What happened, you not tough anymore since your loss? What happened since your loss? Are we gonna bust him up guys Yo, let’s bust him up.’ Paul, who appeared to be accompanied by a single security guard, is then seen backing away from the group before running away back towards the stadium. The same member of team Mayweather is heard mocking the 6-1 fighter, yelling: ‘He’s running! Look at him! I think because of last time.’ Paul and Mayweather were involved in a wild brawl in May 2021 during a press conference for his brother Logan’s exhibition bout with the former five-weight world champion. The wild exchange was sparked when Paul snatched Mayweather’s hat with the veteran fighter restrained by security staff as he attempted to throw punches and chase down his rival. Following Wednesday’s latest incident, Paul posted a video on social media insisting he had been ambushed by Mayweather and ’50 dudes’, adding he was ‘not dumb enough’ to try and fight his way out. He said: ‘So I’m leaving the Miami Heat game and Floyd Mayweather and 50 dudes pull up out of nowhere, out of like some side alley, waiting for me outside the stadium, and they’re like, “So what’s up? what’s all that talk now?”. ‘I’m like, “First of all, what did I say to you Floyd? I just took your hat and you’re still mad about it? Come on, bro”. And then 50 dudes literally start surrounding me to jump me, and I’m out that bitch, ok? ‘You wanna run it one on one, no problem. But I’m not dumb. Okay? I’m tough, I don’t need to prove my toughness., but I’m not f*****g dumb. I’m not gonna sit there and try to fight 50 dudes.’ Paul later revised that number, tweeting ’25 guys hopped out of three cars’ to confront him. Paul is expected to fight Fury in a rematch this summer after suffering a split decision defeat to the former Love Island star. Mayweather, having recently fought former Geordie Shore star Aaron Chalmers in London, is embarking on an exhibition world tour this year. MORE : ‘It makes your legs weak’ – Jake Paul blames wet dream for Tommy Fury defeat MORE : Tommy Fury and Jake Paul need to repay the sport of boxing they claim to be a part of For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 