Budding chef Brooklyn Beckham has been hit with more criticism over his culinary creations. The son of football icon David Beckham and Spice Girl turned fashion designer Victoria Beckham took to his Instagram page to show fans his step-by-step process of creating fettuccine alfredo while promoting milk brand Silk. But the star’s latest cooking video has left many people questioning one thing – where is the alfredo? Many users commented on the Instagram video saying that the sauce Beckham creates is a béchamel sauce and not an alfredo one. Others pointed out that he uses spaghetti as the base of the dish and not fettuccine pasta. ‘There is not 1 thing in this recipe that‘s Alfredo??? This is a Béchamel. I’m sure it’s good but it is spaghetti in Béchamel not Alfredo,’ one person commented. ‘You used spaghetti, not fettuccine. That’s no Alfredo sauce either. It’s bechamel. You haven’t even seasoned it. Brooklynn please stop. The chef thing isn’t going to happen…’ another agreed. Another person even begged Brooklyn to stop, asking of the star: ‘No no and again no! So many mistakes in only one dish! Please no!’ Others were shocked at the lack of seasoning and the use of milk as the main ingredient of the sauce, questioning ‘where is the cheese?’ ‘Do you not seasoning anything at all? Just milk? Guess inflation is hitting everybody,’ one person said. Another angrily penned: ‘You literally described an entirely different dish to the one that’s in your video. ‘You didn’t use fettuccine and you didn’t make an Alfredo sauce. You used no seasoning or cheese and quite honestly, it looks disgusting. I’d say try again but I honestly dread to think of what you’ll mess up next time.’ It comes after the media personality and former model shared a slow-motion video of him flipping a pancake on Shrove Tuesday. The clip also saw his father praise his son’s pancake, though many of Brooklyn’s followers disagreed. Some users commented that the pancake was too thick, while others summarised it was burnt. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Smitten Chase Stokes and Kelsea Ballerini pack on PDA in New York after finally confirming relationship MORE : Charlotte Crosby warned after sharing intimate details of daughter Alba’s birth on national TV 