There is a Sun and Uranus link today which could have a positive impact on your star sign. For Aries, a positive Sun/Uranus link, could coincide with finding the answer to something in a most unusual way. As the radiant Sun ties harmoniously with electric Uranus, you may be drawn to knowledge or an opportunity that can radically change or revolutionize your life, Virgo. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for March 6, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 If you get a feeling that there’s something different about today, then you’re right, Aries. A positive Sun/Uranus link, could coincide with finding the answer to something in a most unusual way. It might show up in a dream, or someone nearby in a café may be discussing this very subject. Somewhere, somehow, the cosmos wants you to resolve this, and now is the time. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 With your brilliant ideas and a friend’s talents you could go far together, if you decide to collaborate on a creative project. A blend of skills might see you making a success of this. Plus, there’s potential for an instant attraction that can make your day. Whether it will lead to anything is another matter, but for a short while you’ll find this person’s company amazing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A powerful focus on a prominent sector may result in you being proactive and therefore, noticed by all the right people. With a lively aspect on the boil, things could go one stage further if you decide to share a brilliant idea with someone at the top. Don’t let doubts hold you back, Gemini. Instead, be willing to take a leap of faith, as good things can emerge from this opportunity. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A spur of the moment decision could see you booked on a flight for a quick break Cancer, or a longer holiday. The current excitable energies may leave you yearning for far horizons, and a chance to sample the culture of another country. Before you fully commit though, give yourself a little time to look around at other options and offers, just to be sure this is perfect for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Though you may be happy with your friends and family, there are times when you’re better in your own company, and this could be one of them. Need some breathing space and a chance to get your bearings just for a while? The Sun in Pisces suggests this might be a good time to withdraw and reflect. Letting others know of your intentions will avoid any hurt feelings, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 As the radiant Sun ties harmoniously with electric Uranus, you may be drawn to knowledge or an opportunity that can radically change or revolutionize your life. While you are usually very grounded Virgo, you may be talked into doing something right away, so you don’t miss this chance. And if there’s a chance to work alongside another, success may come that much easier. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 With the Sun and Mercury in your lifestyle zone, you may be looking for ways to make life more interesting and satisfying. As the Sun aligns with excitable Uranus, get ready to explore something that could bring positive change, and that promises more freedom and time to do as you please. It could be a job opportunity or an idea to start a business that piques your interest. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Ready to give your place a different look, and one that has a more spacious quality? Doing so could bring a sense of harmony to your home and enhance peace of mind. Have too many possessions to make this possible? If you’re serious about getting things shipshape, Saturn in the last degree of your home zone, can inspire you to get organized. It’s better now than never. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Need a good idea? You won’t be short today or over coming days, Archer. Get ready, as it may come like a flash from the blue, and could be the result of synchronicity or a conversation. On another note, if you need a new gadget to assist with housework or a personal project, this can be a good time to go in search of one. Very soon you’ll wonder how you ever did without it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Keen to move out of a confining situation, Capricorn? A conversation could leave you excited and eager to act. And it may be just the pep-talk you need. Don’t rush into anything though, if it means there’s no going back. If you want to make changes, then slow and steady is best. Plus, a Moon/Mercury tie could bring news that gives hope. Something good may be on its way to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Looking for a bargain? This is one of the best times to find it, especially if you need something like an appliance or other item that will save you time. A sparkling aspect means you’ll be in the right place to get what you want at a good price. Trust your intuition on this. A wonderful line-up in your sector of talk and thought, hints at a gathering of friends that is great fun for all. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 While one door leading to a potential opportunity could stick, another may be about to open wide for you today, Pisces. A lively and fast-paced aspect might pave the way for exciting developments that you’ll welcome with open arms. And it may be because of the advice of someone in the know that you decide to act. Plus, an offer could be of great interest to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 26 to March 4 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : Venus in Aries makes for drama in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope