Police are investigating a noise complaint at a caravan park made before Saturday’s horror crash in Cardiff. It comes as detectives look into an ‘altercation’ which is said to have happened at the same address. Eve Smith and Darcy Ross, both 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, died when the Volkswagen Tiguan they were in left the road and hit trees in the St Mellons area of the city. Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, were found alive and seriously injured inside the crumpled wreck 48 hours later. They remain in a critical condition in hospital. The friends had all been to the The Muffler social club in Maesglas, Newport, on Friday night and then travelled just under 40 miles to the Trecco Bay caravan park in Porthcawl. A caravan at the holiday park where the group are understood to have stayed for a period of time prior to the accident has been cordoned off. The PA news agency understands police are aware of a noise complaint made to the park’s security lodge about the group. The group left the caravan park a short time later and were last seen at about 2am in the Pentwyn area of Cardiff. Investigations are ongoing into the exact time the crash happened. Eve’s dad Everton Smith spoke in front of floral tributes laid for his daughter in Newport’s Commercial Street today and said ‘nothing will be the same’ following his daughter’s death. South Wales Police said they are still working to ‘piece together’ what happened. In a statement the force said: ‘South Wales Police is continuing to investigate the fatal road traffic collision on the A48 in the St Mellons area of Cardiff. ‘Our thoughts continue to be with the families and all those affected by this tragic incident. ‘Specialist officers are carrying out a detailed investigation to piece together what has happened. ‘Family liaison officers are supporting the families involved at what must be a hugely difficult time for them.’ Tributes were paid to the victims in the Welsh Parliament on Wednesday. Senedd speaker Elin Jones MS said: ‘On behalf of the Senedd, our sympathies are with the friends and families of Eve, Darcy and Rafel and our hopes are with Sophie and Shane for a full recovery.’ The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) launched an investigation into the actions of South Wales Police and Gwent Police. This is because the group who were not found until just after midnight on Monday, March 6. It comes after a friend of Rafel Jeanne discovered the car after just 15 minutes of searching. Sophie Russon, 20, was so badly injured in the collision she was unable to reach her phone and call for help. The bank worker has since undergone life-saving surgery in hospital. A vigil was held at the crash site on Tuesday evening where around 1,000 people gathered, lighting candles and flares while others rode mopeds, motorbikes and quad bikes around the roundabout. Family and friends looked on while a firework display lit up the sky above St Mellons for around 30 minutes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.