Katie Price’s TV comeback appears to have been short lived. The former glamour model was due to appear on E4 series Celebrity Cooking School, after signing up last month. However, it’s now been claimed that the reality star, 44, has ‘dropped out’ at the last minute. According to a source, Katie’s decision has caused a ‘major headache’ for bosses, who were counting on her completing the starry line-up. ‘Katie was a big signing for Celebrity Cooking School so it was hugely disappointing when she dropped out,’ an insider told The Sun. ‘It had all been given the green light for filming but at the last moment Katie said she would not commit. ‘Her decision to pull out has caused a major headache for the show’s production team as they have been tasked with pulling in a replacement at the last moment.’ They added that the show is sure to be a ‘hit’ without Katie’s presence, but there is ‘no doubt’ that she’s a ‘big loss’ to their cast. It was previously reported by the outlet that the I’m A Celebrity star would earn five figures for appearing on the show, with another source saying at the time that she was raking in a ‘massive’ amount for just a couple of weeks of work. ‘Her contract sees her bank more money the longer she lasts in the competition, and she’ll get a bonus if she makes it to the final three, so she’s looking at banking around the £15-20,000 mark if she lasts the duration of the series,’ they said. ‘Chances that she’ll go the whole way are pretty high too as she’s already done Celebrity Masterchef, so she has that advantage on some of the other contestants, and bosses know she’s a big draw for the show so won’t want to eliminate her early.’ Celebrity Cooking School was set to put Katie’s cooking skills to the test once more, as a Michelin star chef opens a cookery school to prove that he can teach a group of celebs how to cook. It wouldn’t have been the Pricey’s first time on a food show, as she reached the quarter-final of Celebrity MasterChef in 2021. However, it seems another stint on a cooking programme wasn’t for her, but that doesn’t mean Katie’s going to be completely absent from our screens. Katie recently returned for the second season of her Mucky Mansion series, with the mum-of-five continuing to renovate her previously uninhabitable property in West Sussex. The 19-room home in the small village of Dial Post is surrounded by 10 acres, however, it was first dubbed Mucky Mansion after it fell into disrepair and became the target of vandalism. Katie has been determined to turn it into her family home, though, with her sights firmly set on transforming the £1.6million property into a glamorous pad. Reps for Katie Price and E4 have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jimmy Savile victim ‘shocked’ by Steve Coogan’s ‘disgusting’ portrayal in BBC drama The Reckoning MORE : Charlotte Crosby warned after sharing intimate details of daughter Alba’s birth on national TV 