Tommy Fury ‘definitely wants’ a rematch with Jake Paul and has promised a second meeting between the two rivals will not go the distance. The former Love Island star sealed a split decision win over the American in Saudi Arabia on Sunday, recovering from a late knockdown to get the win on the judges’ scorecards. It was Paul’s first defeat in seven professional fights with the YouTuber-turned-boxer revealing shortly the fight he had already spoken to Fury about a rematch backstage. ’I’m going to go back for this rematch,’ Paul said. ‘I just talked to Tommy back in the medical room, he’s like, ‘let’s go, let’s do it again’. He’s down for it. ‘That’ll be the focus first and foremost. I’m going to prove and fighter a better fight than I did tonight and get that W.’ Fury has now effectively accepted the rematch challenge on an appearance on Good Morning Britain. ‘The rematch is something I am definitely wanting because I believe, in the rematch, I will stop him,” he told Good Morning Britain. “The first fight I had never been eight rounds before so you are just a bit wary of what is in your tank and how the fight is going to go. ‘But now I have been in the ring with him once I know what to expect.’ Fury’s victory extended his record to 9-0 in a bout that reportedly saw him bank £2.5million. While the 23-year-old has suggested he will pursue domestic titles, his promoter Frank Warren suggests the prize money on offer in chasing fights like the Paul rematch and KSI may prove too tempting. ‘He’s not quite at the level of fighting for a British title yet,’ Warren told IFL TV. ‘And if he fights for a British title he is not going to get the type of money that was generated on Sunday night. ‘Or if there is a rematch or a fight with KSI. That is where the big money is. If he wants to come back to boxing, if he wants to come back and face what you would call recognised, licenced boxers, then financially how is it going to work and what is his expectation level going to be for purses?’ On the rematch, Warren added: ’It makes thee most sense. Jake obviously wants to do it and I think Tommy wants to do it too. ‘It is the most lucrative fight for both of them and people will buy back into it again. MORE : Jake Paul reveals new excuses for Tommy Fury defeat as brother Logan mocks victory celebrations MORE : ‘You owe us some money’ – John Fury sends warning to Jake Paul over Tommy Fury fight bet For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 