Jamie Oliver has been criticised over the claim that he can make budget meals on only £1, with some expressing doubt over the possibility that the dishes could be substantial enough. On the celebrity chef’s website, he has a segment called ‘£1 Wonders’, where he tries to help people source ingredients for cheap meals that would only add up to £1 per portion. Despite emphasising that the cost is based on each portion, rather than the ingredients on the whole, several Twitter users are dubious that the price would be correct, on top of whether the amount of food on the plate would be enough for one person. In one of the most recent meals shared by the 47-year-old on Twitter, he put forward a ‘time-saving roast dinner’, consisting of stuffed chicken thighs, vegetables, roast potatoes and gravy, ‘all coming in at under £1 per portion’. Some naysayers were quick to blast the supposed costs of the meal, with one tweeting: ‘Where do you buy 1 rasher of bacon for 19p?? ‘ ‘I’m sorry but you can’t get three onions for 19p,’ another said, while someone else appeared to laugh at the idea of spending just 40p on potatoes. ‘One thigh per person!!! Most people will be starving after,’ one critic remarked. Someone else added that it can’t be assumed that ‘people have all the herbs and spices at home’, while another stated that the prices were ‘insulting the intelligence of us poor folk’. However, Jamie countered the arguments by outlining the breakdown of the costs that are put forward, tweeting: ‘The pricing of the recipes were calculated by the amount used rather than the whole ingredient cost.’ The cook also added: ‘We believe you’ll already have many of the ingredients stocked at home.’ On Jamie’s website, it provides further information on how the meals are calculated to cost £1 per portion. ‘The aim of Jamie’s £1 Wonders is to be as useful to people as possible, with all prices correct at the time of filming (September 2022 and January 2023). We hope to arm you with the information and inspiration you need to make easy swaps, cook flexibly and make the most of the ingredients you buy, all within a budget,’ it says. It outlines that the £1 price of each recipe portion is worked out ‘based on an average of four UK supermarkets’ – Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury’s and Morrisons. ‘We’ve calculated the cost per portion by the amount used, rather than the whole ingredient cost, as we believe you’ll already have many of the ingredients in your store cupboard/fridge/freezer. We don’t include olive oil, salt or pepper in the final costings, as we think you’ll definitely have these,’ it adds. In the FAQs, Jamie’s website acknowledges that £1 per portion ‘isn’t affordable for everyone’, responding: ‘We totally hear that. We’ve simply used it as a benchmark to price meals that is helpful to everyone.’ Despite the criticism from some people online, others enthused over Jamie’s £1 recipes, with one tweeting: ‘It gives me the confidence to create wonderful food without spending hours prepping or pouring over a complicated recipe!! Saves me spending lots of money too!’ ‘Your £1 wonders is the best food show I’ve seen in ages,’ another said. Jamie’s £1 Wonders first aired on Channel 4 on October 31 2022 and is available to watch on All 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jamie Oliver’s son Buddy, 12, follows dad’s footsteps in the kitchen with fajita recipe video MORE : Jamie Oliver’s cupboard essentials to make pukka meals in a pinch 