The BBC and Gary Lineker have confirmed he’ll return to hosting duties on Match of the Day this week, while the broadcaster also announced a social media guidance review. In a statement released at 10am on Monday, Tim Davie, the BBC’s director-general, said: ‘Gary is a valued part of the BBC and I know how much the BBC means to Gary, and I look forward to him presenting our coverage this coming weekend.’ Lineker added: ‘I am glad that we have found a way forward. I support this review and look forward to getting back on air.’ Taking to Twitter to sum up his thoughts, Lineker made sure to thank his colleagues for their show of support, writing: ‘After a surreal few days, I’m delighted that we have navigated a way through this. ‘I want to thank you all for the incredible support, particularly my colleagues at BBC Sport, for the remarkable show of solidarity. Football is a team game but their backing was overwhelming.’ He also wrote on social media: ‘I’d like to thank Tim Davie for his understanding during this difficult period. He has an almost impossible job keeping everybody happy, particularly in the area of impartiality. I am delighted that we’ll continue to fight the good fight, together.’ Last week, a tweet Lineker shared sparked intense debates over the broadcaster’s impartiality rules. His social media post compared the Home Office’s migrant boat policy to Nazi Germany, sparking both widespread praise and criticism. While the 62-year-old said that he stood by his social media post, it was revealed that he’d been asked to step back from presenting Match of the Day on Saturday, March 11. Presenters including Alan Shearer and Ian Wright stood by Lineker in solidarity, refusing to host the programme, which resulted in it being devoid of presenters and commentary and lasting only 20 minutes long. In addition to the scaled-down version of this weekend’s MOTD, Football Focus and Final Score were also cancelled on Saturday. The BBC apologised for disruption the changes to the schedule would cause sports fans. ‘The BBC will only be able to bring limited sport programming this weekend and our schedules will be updated to reflect that,’ a spokesperson said in a statement. ‘We are sorry for these changes which we recognise will be disappointing for BBC sport fans.’ Speaking in a new statement this week, Davies added: ‘Everyone recognises this has been a difficult period for staff, contributors, presenters and, most importantly, our audiences. ‘I apologise for this. The potential confusion caused by the grey areas of the BBC’s social media guidance that was introduced in 2020 is recognised. I want to get matters resolved and our sport content back on air.’ He went on: ‘Impartiality is important to the BBC. It is also important to the public. The BBC has a commitment to impartiality in its Charter and a commitment to freedom of expression. ‘That is a difficult balancing act to get right where people are subject to different contracts and on air positions, and with different audience and social media profiles.’ Davies also said: ‘The BBC’s social media guidance is designed to help manage these sometimes difficult challenges and I am aware there is a need to ensure that the guidance is up to this task. It should be clear, proportionate, and appropriate. ‘Accordingly, we are announcing a review led by an independent expert – reporting to the BBC – on its existing social media guidance, with a particular focus on how it applies to freelancers outside news and current affairs. The BBC and myself are aware that Gary is in favour of such a review.’ He concluded: ‘Shortly, the BBC will announce who will conduct that review. Whilst this work is undertaken, the BBC’s current social media guidance remains in place.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Blaine dislocates shoulder on-stage after jumping from nine-storey scaffold: ‘Wow that hurt’ MORE : Emily In Paris’ Lucien Laviscount fumes ‘f*** the Tories’ following Gary Lineker row with BBC 