The drama didn’t stop on tonight’s episode of Love Island, with Jessie Wynter confronting Olivia Hawkins, and Claudia Fogarty shouting down Casey O’Gorman over the breakdown of their relationship. While the islanders were treated to a fun party outside of the villa, danger was just around the corner, as host Maya Jama made a surprise entrance. Maya had some bad news to announce – that after a public vote, four couples were at risk of being dumped from the ITV2 series. Those couples were: Claudia and Keanan Brand; Rosie Seabrook and Casey; Tanya Manhenga and Shaq Muhammad; and Olivia and Maxwell Samuda. In the end, it was revealed that Olivia and Maxwell were being sent home… but that wasn’t the only surprise that Maya had hidden up her sleeve. One more couple was also going to be sent home – but as to who, that didn’t come down to the public vote. It turns out that the decision over the second couple being sent home was going to come down to Olivia and Maxwell. The contestants gasped in astonishment over this revelation while viewers at home were similarly shocked. Some fans were confused about whether Olivia and Maxwell were only allowed to choose from the vulnerable couples or any of them. If the latter, a number of people expressed their home that Kai Fagan – who Olivia was previously romantically linked with – and Sanam Harrinanan would be safe. However, it’s likely that only the three other couples who received the fewest votes from the public are at risk of being axed. We’ll have to wait until Thursday’s episode to find out who they chose and why. Ahead of tonight’s show, Maya made an exciting announcement, revealing when the Winter Love Island 2023 final is due to take place. The grand finale is due to take place on Monday March 13, so make sure you have the date in your diary! Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans gobsmacked over Claudia Fogarty’s L-word slip-up over Casey O’Gorman amid heartbreak MORE : Love Island fans applaud Jessie Wynter for ‘speaking facts’ after Olivia Hawkins storms away from heated confrontation 