How well do you know your neighbours? Even if you’re not super close, there’s still plenty time to change that before the coronation of King Charles in May. A campaign has been launched to find the UK’s friendliest street to mark the occasion. The winners set to receive a garden designed by the Eden Project. Organisers behind the Coronation Big Lunch are searching for a community – whether a cul-de-sac or a block of flats – that has gone above and beyond to support those around them. Peter Stewart, chief purpose officer at the Eden Project, which is overseeing the Coronation Big Lunch, said: ‘Life hasn’t been easy these past few years, but friendly, kind communities in the UK have kept us going. ‘A coronation marks an important moment in our shared history.’ The pollinator and people-friendly garden will be paid for and installed by horticultural experts from the Eden Project eco-attraction in Cornwall. It will be designed to allow residents to connect with each other and with nature, in honour of the King and the Queen Consort’s passion for communities and the environment, the Coronation Big Lunch said. The prize will also include a coronation hamper – packed with bunting, tea towels, stickers and a £250 Iceland voucher – and £2,500 to support the group’s next community project. Mr Stewart added: ‘By honouring the friendliest communities in this coronation year, we shine a light on those people who are collaborating and shaping better futures, crowning them as examples we could emulate. ‘The rewards will help communities take the next step in taking their ideas forward to benefit the wider community and by gifting the overall winner a garden, we help that community to connect together and with nature, which we know has huge value for community and individual wellbeing.’ The Queen Consort has been patron of the Big Lunch since 2013. Tens of thousands of street parties are expected to be staged during the coronation weekend, with people urged to come together across the nation for the Coronation Big Lunch on Sunday May 7. Applicants for the garden will need demonstrate a community need or benefit and a suitable planting site. Three runners-up will win a Coronation Big Lunch hamper including a £100 Iceland voucher, as well as £1,000 towards a community project. Applications can be made via edenprojectcommunities.com/coronation-communities and nominations close at the end of March. The call comes as people have been encouraged to share how they will celebrate the King’s Coronation on a digital map set up by the Government. The public will be able to share events they are hosting over the Coronation weekend from Saturday May 6 to Monday May 8 so others nearby can find out what is happening and get involved. Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer said: ‘We want everyone up and down the country to have the opportunity to get involved in the Coronation of His Majesty The King and Her Majesty The Queen Consort. ‘Whether you’re hosting a street party, planning a Big Lunch, a screening or activity for the Big Help Out, we want to hear from you.’ The map can be found on https://coronation.gov.uk/events/. Events included on the map could include Coronation Big Lunches, street parties and volunteering activities. The Eden Project work to bring communities together up and down the country and curb the loneliness epidemic. People under the age of 24 – typically referred to as ‘Generation Z’ – are now the loneliest generation, according to the organisation’s recent research. The data also revealed that young people and those living in cities are hit hardest by isolation, contrary to stereotypes that older people suffer the most. Tracey Robbins, practitioner at the Eden Project and a recognised expert on loneliness, said: ‘The extent of loneliness in younger adults can be linked to social media, frequent life changes and transition, or moving into cities where people often live alone or in a room in a shared house. ‘Pandemic social restrictions left a legacy leading to reduced confidence in connecting with others. ‘Now rising living costs are limiting social opportunities. ‘The good news is that feeling part of a community can help, so that’s brilliant motivation for everyone to reach out and start connecting.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.