Billie Shepherd has expressed how disappointed she was by the way Phillip Schofield spoke about her homeware brand on This Morning, joining Sam Faiers in calling out the ‘b****y’ presenter. On the latest episode of their podcast The Sam & Billie Show, the sisters, who both starred on The Only Way Is Essex, were chatting about how their weeks had been. Billie explained that she had a few different stresses to deal with, before learning the exciting news that her homeware brand Chapter B was going to be featured on the ITV programme in a segment about brightening up your home for spring. The 33-year-old recalled watching the show after being told to put it on by her manager, when they were going through different brands. Having got her phone out to record the moment, Billie watched as they reached her collection, which included some glasses, a frame, a cushion and a vase. ‘Phil picks up a glass, and he goes, “Didn’t one of these get smashed earlier in rehearsal?” Right? And then the camera pans away,’ she said. ‘Why does he do things like that?’ Sam, 32, quipped, as her older sister continued. ‘[The camera] pans away from my collection, so now my whole 30-second feature is featured on a smashed vase that accidentally got dropped during the rehearsal,’ Billie said, outlining how the camera focused in on the smashed vase in question. Adding that she had already had a ‘bit of a bad week’, she said: ‘My jaw, my mouth was like, jaw hit the floor.’ ‘Is that for real?’ Sam asked in shock, as Billie stated: ‘My little 30-second feature for my homeware collection was completely taken away from me because Phil decided to bring up the smashed vase that happened in rehearsals, and then next thing you know they move onto the next one.’ The sisters also recalled another time on This Morning, when Phillip apparently kept questioning Billie on how much her wedding cost, leaving her astounded. ‘To hear it back like that, it just seems quite b****y to do that,’ said one of the sisters. Billie added that while she wasn’t sure if Phillip’s actions regarding her homeware brand were ‘intentional’, she felt ‘so bugged out’. ‘Intentional or not, I think that was just so unfair,’ Sam remarked. Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Man with world’s longest tongue uses it to paint Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield in wild This Morning interview MORE : Phillip Schofield mocks Joey Essex and Vanessa Bauer’s awkward Dancing On Ice kiss 