Tottenham were knocked out of the Champions League after producing another uninspired performance against AC Milan, while Bayern Munich progressed at the expense of Paris Saint-Germain. Attempting to overturn a one-goal deficit, Spurs once again failed to create clear-cut chances as they were nullified by Serie A giants AC Milan. The second leg in north London finished goalless with Tottenham unable to turn possession into a goal and their frustration was compounded when Cristian Romero was sent off late on. But it was AC Milan – who led the tie 1-0 thanks to Brahim Diaz’s goal at the San Siro – who had the better chances, with Spurs goalkeeper Fraser Forster denying Rafael Leao, Olivier Giroud and Diaz. Tottenham’s best chance came in injury-time as Spurs captain Harry Kane was denied by AC Milan goalkeeper Mike Maignan, before the visitors went up the other end and hit the post. It was the latest in a long line of underwhelming performances from Tottenham, who go another year without silverware and now face a battle to secure the final top-four spot. For AC Milan – who are currently fifth in Serie A – the win sees them advance to the quarter-finals of the Champions League for the first time in 11 years. In this evening’s other last-16 tie, German champions Bayern Munich outclassed Paris Saint-Germain to book their place in the quarter-finals. PSG travelled to Munich looking to overturn a one-goal deficit but Kylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi left disappointed as Bayern won 2-0 on the night. Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting broke the deadlock on the hour mark and Serge Gnabry put the tie to bed late on to send six-time Champions League winners through. Bayern Munich have not been at their best this season under new manager Julian Nagelsmann – highlighted by the fact they are in a Bundesliga title race with Borussia Dortmund, but they sent a message to their European rivals by brushing aside PSG. Antonio Conte, Tottenham manager, to BT Sport: ‘I can’t say anything negative about the commitment of the players. They gave everything from the start to the end. ‘But if I have to see a positive situation, it is that we had a step forward. We played in the Europa Conference League last year and weren’t able to get out of the group stages. Now we took a step forward but it is not enough and if we want to be competitive, we have to fight.’ Olivier Giroud, AC Milan striker, to Prime Video: ‘It’s a great result. I told the players that we deserved to be in the Champions League and we wanted to do well in it. ‘We made it to the last 16 and we deserved this result, even though we could have scored more. We showed quality, spirit, and we could have won tonight as well.’ Julian Nagelsmann, Bayern Munich head coach, to DAZN: ‘In the first game, we didn’t do what we had spoken about before very well. There was too much space. ‘We defended better in the second half and were dangerous on the ball. In the end, we deserved to win.’ Thomas Muller, Bayern Munich captain, to DAZN: ‘In a game like that, there are always moments when you need to suffer and create a little luck. ‘We were more controlled in our defending in the second half. We played the better game and ultimately deserved to win.’ MORE : Darren Bent says he wouldn’t swap Arsenal winger for PSG superstar Neymar MORE : Man Utd the obvious choice for Harry Kane, says former Tottenham star Danny Rose For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.