Jessie J took over the O2 Shepherd’s Bush Empire in London and offered concert goers a glimpse of her swollen belly in a dazzling sheer jumpsuit ensemble. The 34-year-old singer and mum-to-be is expecting a son with her basketball player beau Chanan Safir Colman. Performing a stripped back acoustic set, the star stunned in the one-piece that showed off her figure beneath a ream of black see-through material covered in diamantes. Beneath the skin-tight number, Jessie donned black lingerie and covered her shoulders with a floor-length over-coat that matched the main outfit. The star stood tall in a pair of strappy stiletto heels that were adorned with black feathers and accessorised her look with chunky gold hoop earrings. Keeping her make-up minimal, the hit maker scraped her dark locks back into a low bun and flashed continuous smiles throughout her performance. Her intimate gig came amid album and world tour promises as the star revealed she is planning t get back on the road with new music in 2024. Jessie announced her pregnancy 13 months after she shared the news of her miscarriage with her fans. Taking to her Instagram story, the pop singer revealed: ‘As I lay here (2am) can’t sleep. ‘Thinking about today and the overwhelming amount of love and support I am feeling. I can’t help but think about all the women and men still struggling with loss and infertility. ‘It feels so strange to be on this side after being told I would never get pregnant, to pregnancy loss to then being pregnant and how quickly it is all happening. ‘My mind hasn’t fully processed that it’s actually happening some days which is why I kept it quiet for so long. ‘The anxiety in the beginning was overwhelming and I felt like I had my eyes closed just hoping it all would continue to go well. Which in moments I still very much have whilst allowing myself to feel the joy and celebration of this experience. ‘I don’t even know what my point is tbh [sic]’. The star revealed she was expecting a boy in a social media post that showed her singing to her bump as she got glammed up for the Brit awards last month. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jessie J shows off growing baby bump in sheer outfit while leaving acoustic gig in London MORE : Jessie J eating meat again after years of veganism due to pregnancy cravings 