Piers Morgan has claimed Dan Walker is ‘bitter’ and is ‘milking’ his horrific bike crash during which he nearly died. The former BBC Breakfast presenter was struck by a car during his commute to work last week and blacked out after the terrifying accident. After suffering nasty injuries, including facial wounds and a black eye, the 45-year-old stated he was ‘glad to be alive’. The journalist hosted his first gig since the ordeal on Wednesday and helmed the Royal Television Society Awards in London. During the glitzy bash, he made a quip about the TalkTV host’s notorious departure from Good Morning Britain, which happened after he stormed off set when he was grilled about his views on Meghan Markle. Dan joked: ‘To give you an idea of my mental state, let me put it this way: if a weather presenter were to question me in any way, shape, or form, I’m liable to storm off stage in an enormous huff. ‘I might even go as far as to start a new TV channel based entirely on my ego, which no-one will watch,’ he added, in reference to Piers’ show on TalkTV. But the gag did not go down well with Piers, who in retaliation took to Twitter to accuse Dan of ‘milking’ his accident. He wrote: ‘If I were Dan Walker, and I’d been kicked off Match of the Day & BBC Breakfast, then washed up on Channel 5 daytime, and only got press these days by falling off a bike, getting a few grazes, and milking it like I’d survived a terror attack, I’d be this bitter too.’ Naturally, social media users ripped into Piers for his remarks, with one commenting: ‘This is one of the worst takes in history!’ A second commented: ‘Dan Walker living rent free in Piers Morgan’s head’, while another pointed out how traumatising accidents were, adding it was ‘no joke.’ ‘Damn Piers have mercy on the man!!!’ one of his followers commented. Piers had previously sent well-wishes to the broadcaster after news of the accidents emerged, albeit in the most Piers Morgan way possible. The host of Piers Morgan Uncensored joked in response to Dan’s tweet about the incident: ‘Actually, a slight aesthetic improvement… glad you’re OK mate [sic]’. It comes after Dan confirmed he would be returning to his Channel 5 news anchor gig today on Jeremy Vine’s show. Speaking to Jeremy about the accident, Dan said he was ‘very thankful to be here’ before continuing: ‘And to be getting back to be doing the job that I love. I’ll be going back on telly later today.’ During the same interview, Dan also remarked on how quickly his bruises had healed, joking that his children had compared him to Wolverine. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan defends Jeremy Clarkson over ‘being cancelled by ITV’ despite past feud with TV presenter MORE : Dan Walker confirms TV return after horrific bike accident 