Mikel Arteta says Kieran Tierney ‘understands the situation and needs to challenge the situation’ as the Scot finds himself out of the Arsenal team and linked with a move elsewhere. Tierney had been first choice at left-back over his first three seasons with the Gunners, but he has been usurped over this campaign by summer signing Oleksandr Zinchenko. The 25-year-old has often struggled with fitness problems over his career but has largely been fit this season, just falling down the pecking order which is why he has only started four Premier League games. With the Scot out of favour, other Premier League sides are going to come calling, with Newcastle strongly linked with a move for him. Asked about Tierney’s current position in the squad, Arteta says that he has picked the Scot regularly during his time in charge, and it is down to the player to try and win his place in the side back. ‘He’s played under me a lot,’ said Arteta of the former Celtic man. ‘He understands the situation and he needs to challenge the situation.’ Unfortunately the Scotland international will not have a chance to impress his boss on Thursday night as he is struggling with illness. Tierney is not the only player keen to get into the starting XI more regularly as Arsenal challenge for the Premier League title and return to Europa League action at Sporting on Thursday night.  Arteta is likely to give some fringe players a run out on Thursday as he admits it has been tricky to keep everyone happy, despite their impressive results. ‘Of course everyone wants to play,’ he said. ‘When we’ve wanted to rotate players they’ve been injured. It’s been difficult. Being fair in football is very difficult. We want everybody to feel important. ‘We’re trying to accommodate everybody and get them in the best position for tomorrow.’ MORE : Sporting Lisbon defender Jerry St. Juste hails Arsenal duo as ‘the best in Europe’ MORE : David Seaman hails ‘phenomenal’ Aaron Ramsdale and addresses Arsenal’s Premier League title charge For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 