A plane passenger has been arrested after he attacked a flight attendant with a broken spoon and threatened to ‘kill everyone onboard’ by opening the emergency exits. Terrifying footage shows the moment Francisco Severo Torres, 33, lunged at a steward and allegedly tried to stab them in the neck, before he was wrestled to the ground by heroic passengers. The captain radioed air traffic control to tell them Torres had been detained by six passengers – but said he was ‘not going quietly’. The incident occurred around 45 minutes before a flight from LA to Boston was due to land on Sunday, when the crew received an alarm that a side door on the aircraft was disarmed, prosecutors said. A flight attendant noticed that the door’s locking handle had been moved out of the fully locked position about a quarter of the way toward the unlocked position and that the emergency slide arming lever had been moved to the disarmed position, authorities said. The crew secured the door and slide. Another flight attendant had noticed Torres near the door and believed he had tampered with it. The crew told the captain he was a threat and the plane should be landed as soon as possible. Upon learning the flight was being diverted, Torres got out of his seat and demanded that Homeland Security shoot him before he killed everyone onboard. ‘So where’s Homeland Security with a gun? Because I am waiting for them to point the gun at me so I can show everybody that I will die when I take every bullet in that clip – and I will kill every man on this plane,’ he ranted. ‘So where are they? Where’s Homeland Security? Pull the gun! Pull the gun! You’re not going to try and stop me? ‘Where are they diverting us? Because wherever they do, there’s going to be a bloodbath everywhere. You can run away if you want. I won’t kill you. I’m Balthazar. Or put up your hands, because I’m Balthazar… since I’m taking over this plane.’ Balthazar was one of the three wise men in the Bible who visited the infant Jesus. Torres then made his way down the aisle and made stabbing motions towards two stewards standing in his way, allegedly hitting one of them three times in the neck. However, he was soon restrained by six passengers who grabbed hold of him and pinned him to the ground. In audio obtained by CBS Boston, the captain can be heard telling air traffic control that there had been an incident. ‘The person is detained, attempted opening of an external emergency door,’ he said. ‘That person was subdued and is being detained right now – however, he’s not going quietly. ‘He’s just laying there with six able bodies on top of him.’ Torres was arrested as soon as he landed in Boston, with the district attorney’s office charging him with with one count of interference and attempted interference with flight crew members and attendants using a dangerous weapon. He made his initial court appearance on Monday and is detained pending another hearing scheduled for Thursday. United Airlines said no one was hurt. ‘Thanks to the quick action of our crew and customers, one customer was restrained after becoming a security concern on United flight 2609 from Los Angeles to Boston,’ the airline said. ‘The flight landed safely and was met by law enforcement.’ The airline said it has a zero tolerance policy for violence and Torres will be banned from flying on United pending an investigation. One passenger told investigators Torres had asked where on the safety card it showed where the door handle was located during the flight attendants’ pre-takeoff safety briefing, prosecutors said. If convicted, he could face life in prison. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.