Anti-monarchy protestors heckled the Royal family as the King attended his first Commonwealth Day service as monarch. Dozens of people held up yellow signs with ‘Not my King’ outside of Westminster Abbey as Royals arrived ahead of the service. The King is set to speak about his desire to tackle climate change in a speech that breaks with tradition. Charles will be joined by other Royals at the service this afternoon which will be broadcast live on BBC. The protestors are members of Republic – an anti-monarchy group that wants the Royal Family abolished – and they have said they will host a number of actions ahead of the King’s Coronation in May. Speaking for Republic, Graham Smith said today: ‘We are continuing a series of protests against the monarchy in the lead up to the coronation. ‘Charles’s pointless parade will cost £50-100m and yet it is entirely unnecessary.’ ‘In light of recent arrests, we’re determined to get the message across that it’s ok to protest against the royals.’ ‘Increasingly people are either losing interest in the royals or turning against them. Instead of a pointless, expensive, coronation, we need a serious public debate.’ ‘We believe the British public should be asked, do you want Charles or a choice? ‘The tide is starting to turn against the monarchy and we need a serious debate about its future.’ ‘Republic will be protesting at the coronation, driving home the message that this is not a national celebration, but promotion of the monarchy at huge cost to the taxpayer.’ ‘The time for change is here.’ Commonwealth Day is celebrated on the second Monday in March each year, with observances, speeches, exhibitions and cultural events across the 56 Commonwealth member countries. The Prince and Princess of Wales were greeted by the Dean of Westminster DrDavid Hoyle when they arrived at the great west door of the ancient WestminsterAbbey. The King and Queen Consort watched as members of the Ngati Ranana London Maori Club performed a traditional welcome for the monarch and his wife outside the great west door. Charles and Camilla were greeted inside by the Dean of Westminster and exchanged welcomes with other members of the royal family before processing through the nave to their seats. The King will be crowned at Westminster Abbey on May 6 and in his bidding, the Dean of Westminster, Dr David Hoyle, referenced the coronation ceremony as the Commonwealth Day service began. He said: ‘We will pray too for our King as we look to the day when we will gather here again in loyalty and affection. ‘As people of faith, hope, and compassion, we shall pray for the peoples of Turkey, Syria, and Ukraine, and all for whom the last year has brought great suffering and loss.’ The Queen Consort was wearing the late Queen Elizabeth II’s sapphire chrysanthemum brooch. The sparkling diamond and sapphire piece set in platinum was worn by Princess Elizabeth for the official photos taken on her honeymoon with the late Duke of Edinburgh at Broadlands in Hampshire in 1947. The late Queen was also pictured wearing the jewellery when she and Philip marked 73 years of marriage in 2020 – their final wedding anniversary together before the duke died in 2021. Camilla was wearing a sapphire blue wool crepe dress and coat by Fiona Clare, and a matching feather beret by Philip Treacy. As she stepped from her car outside Westminster Abbey, she was forced to hold onto her hat to prevent it from blowing away in the strong winds. Also taking part in the royal procession was Prince Edward – who was given the title of Duke of Edinburgh on his 59th birthday last week. Along with his wife Sophie, now the Duchess of Edinburgh. King Charles’s attendance at the service also marks a break with royal tradition, as the sovereign is to deliver a speech during the ceremony. In previous years the Queen had her statement published on the order of the service and broadcast in its audio version. The King left personal mark today and read his message from the abbey’s Great Pulpit. His much-anticipated speech is likely going to touch on climate change, the support for free and democratic societies and peace and prosperity around the Commonwealth and the world. In another innovation, the King will host the Commonwealth Day reception at Buckingham Palace rather than Marlborough House, as has happened in the past The theme of today’s Commonwealth Day is ‘forging a sustainable and peaceful common future’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.