Mikel Arteta has brushed aside Pep Guardiola’s title mind games and insists Arsenal are just focusing on taking each day as they come, while he was delighted to see Gabriel Jesus return. The Gunners put Fulham to the sword on Sunday in a ruthless first-half display at Craven Cottage, with Leandro Trossard setting up each of Gabriel Magalhaes, Gabriel Martinelli and Martin Odegaard en route to a comfortable 3-0 victory. A day earlier, Manchester City scrapped past Crystal Palace thanks to a solitary penalty from Erling Haaland and afterwards Guardiola claimed Arsenal were still big favourites for the title in part due to how hungry they are to end their long Premier League drought. Arteta has constantly played down the title talk and is still just focused on taking each training session and match on a day-by-day and game-by-game basis. Asked about Guardiola’s comments at his post-match press conference – and whether it is a positive or a negative that City are putting pressure on Arsenal – Arteta responded: ‘I don’t know. ‘We just discuss what we discuss internally: to be really humble, to work on the next training session and try to be better every day. ‘This is our focus. There is still a huge part of the season to be completed.’   On Arsenal fans chanting about winning the league, Arteta continued: ‘I would be singing with them to support the team, that’s for sure! They’ve been exceptional. ‘The amount of people we had coming here, their attitude, their passion, the energy that they’re putting in is incredible. And we’re going to need that and that’s a game-changer for us, so thank you!’ Reflecting on the win over Fulham, he added: ‘Really happy. Really tough place to come and a really well organised team. ‘I think we dominated the game, we created so many chances, we kept a clean sheet – which was really important – and we won the game in a convincing way, so really happy.’ Arsenal’s big lead presented the opportunity to sub on Gabriel Jesus for his first appearance for the Gunners in around four months and Arteta was thrilled to see him back and looking sharp. Asked about the Brazilian’s return, he replied: ‘Big boost. First step today, and we didn’t know if it was the right game for him today. A few days ago he said to me, “I’m still missing something”. ‘Yesterday I looked at him in his eyes and he said, “I’m ready”. So I said, “Okay”. So then we had the opportunity to throw him in, which is the first step to giving him that boost. He looked free, he generated two big chances straight away and it’s great to have him back.’ MORE : Willian misses Fulham’s Premier League clash with Arsenal due to back injury MORE : Olivier Giroud sends surprise message to on-loan Arsenal striker Folarin Balogun For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 