A 29-year-old man has been stabbed to death inside a nightclub, with a murder investigation underway. The incident took place at Valesha’s nightclub in Walsall, known locally as Colliseum, in Newport Street just after 5am today. Officers believe a fight had occurred inside the club. The victim was taken to hospital following the attack but died there at 6am, West Midlands Police confirmed. No arrests have yet been made. Detective Inspector Ade George said: ‘The events this morning are tragic and shocking, a man has sadly lost his life and we’ll be offering as much support as we can to his family during this deeply distressing time. ‘Our priority is catching those responsible. ‘While we’ve spoken to a number of people who were inside the club at the time, we still need to hear from anyone who was there and who saw, or may have filmed, what happened.’ A man who was at the club witnessed an argument between at least two people which escalated into violence. He described scenes of ‘pandemonium’ as people tried to escape the club. The man, who did not wish to be named, said: ‘There was a scuffle or fight in the club. I’ve gone out the front and the guy has got blood on his face. The guy was lying in the doorway. ‘An argument started between a couple of people. The next minute there was a bit of a scuffle. The bouncers were on it. It looked like they were fighting. ‘Lots of people were everywhere, near the cloakroom where the guy was lying on the floor. There was shouting, screaming, crying. I saw blood. Then the paramedics arrived.’ The area around Newport Street remains closed and cordoned off by police this afternoon. A police spokesperson said: ‘We understand the concerns around recent knife crime in Walsall town centre, and neighbourhood officers will be patrolling the area over the coming days to offer reassurance.’ Police and staff helped clear the club as an investigation into what happened was launched. An estimated 150 people were inside Colliseum at the time. Owner Valesha Anderson said: ‘I was upstairs at the time so didn’t see anything. I’m really sad to see what’s happened. I only opened in October. ‘I wanted to make it a fun place where people could have a drink and celebrate with their friends and now this has happened. It’s a shame for it to be ruined.’ The violence comes just weeks after Bailey Atkinson, 20, was killed on High Street in Walsall town centre. The club is expected to remain closed for the foreseeable future. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.