A ‘mind-blowingly reckless’ man has narrowly avoided jail after he flew his drone dangerously close to a military plane while a no-fly zone was in place. Mark Bagguley, 49, was controlling a drone last July, when he steered it near to the wing of a Hawker Hurricane as it flew 365ft over Buxton, Derbyshire. The WW2-era fighter plane was participating in a flyover as part of the town’s annual carnival which was being watched by between 15,000 to 20,000 people. But the drone remained unnoticed until it was later spotted by a local photographer, who intially thought it was a bird while looking through his images. Drones are only allowed to fly up to 400ft from the nearest point to the ground without special permission and are not allowed to fly over a crowd of people. The Dronesafe app, which informs users of no-fly zones and short-term restrictions, had shown for a week before the carnival that drones would be banned in the area during the flypast. Despite this, Bagguley flew his drone. He claims he had ‘internet issues’ and believed he still had about 45 minutes before the restrictions came into force, Derby Crown Court heard. ‘Once the drone was in the air, upon seeing the plane, he did realise his error and did halt the drone,’ his defence lawyer Laura Broome said. Judge Jonathan Bennett said on Thursday: ‘This is an unusual case. I have never encountered such an unusual offence as either a solicitor or judge. ‘It was mind-blowingly reckless, particularly in the case of an intelligent, middle-aged man. He is no youngster messing about with a new toy.’ Prosecutor Annabel Lenton said: ‘Mr Bagguley knows his negligent actions could have had very serious consequences and that is something that has been weighing very heavily on his mind. ‘It is, fortunately, a case in which no harm was caused and no damage was caused to any property and the event went ahead without incident.’ Flight safety officer Matthew Moore said there would have ‘without a doubt been fatalities’ had the drone collided with the plane. Bagguley, a dad of two, pleaded guilty in January to endangering an aircraft and operating an aircraft out of the visual line of sight. It is believed to be the first UK prosecution for endangering an aircraft with a drone. He said: ‘I wish to state my gratitude and relief that there was no contact with the Hurricane. ‘I owe the pilot an apology for putting the pilot and others at risk on that day and can only thank God that no incident occurred.’ Bagguley was handed a six-month prison sentence, suspended for a year, and ordered to pay a £3,000 fine. He must also pay £450 in costs, a £187 victim surcharge and complete 100 hours of unpaid work. On top of this, he will serve a 12-week curfew at his home address at his home in the Buxton district of Fairfield, from 8pm to 5.30am each day. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.