This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Kate Middleton once again proved her fashion credentials as she attended the Commonwealth Day Service in London this afternoon. Arriving at Westminster Abbey for the annual event, the Princess of Wales opted for a matching peplum jacket and skirt combination with a blue fascinator and drop earrings. The Princess of Wales looked regal in a £2,000 floral Erdem jacket with a matching £1,000 skirt. She also sported a pair of two-tiered flower-shaped earrings, which were previously owned by Princess Diana. For the occasion, Kate wore her hair swept up for an elegant updo and finished the look off with matching blue suede shoes, a clutch and gloves. Kate also paid another tribute to her late mother-in-law today, by choosing a feather brooch – which was previously part of a necklace also worn by Princess Diana. It features 18 round cut diamonds with small emeralds that surround the Prince of Wales feathers symbol. Kate was accompanied by husband, Prince William, as well as King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla at the service today – the first since the Queen’s death in September last year. The Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey has been held since 1972, and celebrates the people and cultures of the Commonwealth nations. The service will include musical performances from saxophonist Yolanda Brown, West End stars Roshani Abbey and Nuwan Hugh Perera, and the all-female Amalgamation Choir, from Cyprus. Guests of honour among the 2,000-strong congregation will include the Commonwealth secretary-general, the prime minister of Samoa, high commissioners, senior politicians and dignitaries from across the UK and the Commonwealth. Kate’s outfit today follows a string of spot-on looks for the royal. She was spotted in an on-trend red coat for the St David’s Day Parade in Windsor, and also showed her love for the high-street last month in a Zara skirt, worn in Wales. Sophie Wessex also looked radiant in white as she arrived alongside her husband Prince Edward  – opting for a cream coat with matching accessories. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Loving Daisy Jones & The Six? Add these 70s-inspired pieces to add to your wardrobe now MORE : Kate Middleton wears black and white headscarf as she meets earthquake relief fundraisers in Hayes