Oscars viewers were disappointed to see some major late stars missing from the televised tribute to those in the film industry who have died in the past year, including Anne Heche. The 2023 Academy Awards broadcast its annual ‘In Memoriam’ segment during the celebratory ceremony, allowing everyone in attendance to reflect on much missed colleagues. The film montage was introduced by John Travolta, who choked up as he paid tribute to his former Grease co-star and close friend Dame Olivia Newton John, who died last August at the age of 73, after a long battle with breast cancer. Accompanied by Lenny Kravitz, who sang and played Calling All Angels on the piano, stars such as Ray Liotta, Burt Bacharach and Dame Angela Lansbury featured on the slides. However, viewers were unimpressed to see some glaring omissions during the segment. Actress Anne Heche, who died in a car crash aged just 53 in August, was one notable missing person, despite her career including the films Donnie Brasco and Six Days Seven Nights, as well as extensive TV work, which even earned her an Emmy nomination. Goodfellas star Paul Sorvino wasn’t anywhere to be seen either, after his death in July, aged 83. He had also appeared in Baz Luhrmann’s Romeo + Juliet, Once Upon A Time in Queens and TV shows like hat’s Life, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders and The Goldbergs. Charlbi Dean was also missing, despite appearing as the lead actress in one of this year’s best picture Oscar-nominated films, Triangle of Sadness, opposite Woody Harrelson. Dean died aged only 32 in August from bacterial sepsis, with her death ruled an accident. The South African model-turned-actress had also featured in the superhero TV show Black Lightning. ‘No Anne Heche In Memorium [sic]? They did her dirty,’ tweeted one annoyed viewer, while another added: ‘I know cutting time but too too many left out of the Memoriam [sic].’ ‘Anne Heche wasn’t included In Memoriam by @TheAcademy tonight. She was a film star and should have been included,’ insisted an unhappy fan. All three stars were memorialised on the Oscars website, which was linked through to at the end of the song with a QR code where their tributes will remain for the next year. Other popular stars people noticed hadn’t been given an ‘In Memoriam’ spot included Leslie Jordan, Tom Sizemore, Cindy Williams and comedian and Aladdin voice star Gilbert Gottfried. Two-time Oscar nominee Melina Dillon, for Close Encounters of the Third Kind and Absence of Malice, was also absent. Israeli star Chaim Topol, best-known for starring as Tevye in the classic 1971 film Fiddler On The Roof, was missing following his death on Wednesday aged 87. Actor Robert Blake, who died on Thursday aged 89, was also snubbed from the list. Host Jimmy Kimmel even made a joke about Blake not being included in the segment, telling the audience: ‘Everybody please get out your phones, even at home, it’s time to vote: If you think Robert Blake should be part of the In Memoriam montage, text GIMME-A-Blake to the number on your screen, or to any number. ‘Text that to your mother if you like – message and data rates may apply.’ Blake was best known for starring in In Cold Blood but was also involved in a high-profile trial, after being charged in the 2001 fatal shooting of his wife, Bonny Lee Bakley. He was acquitted of her murder but found libel for her death in a civil case. This year’s big winner at the Oscars was Everything Everywhere All at Once, which scooped seven awards including best film and best director and also three of the four acting gongs. Michelle Yeoh, Jamie Lee Curtis and Ke Huy Quan were all first-time nominees. Metro.co.uk has contacted The Academy for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Malala Yousafzai praised for ‘excellent’ response after Jimmy Kimmel randomly asks for her take on Harry Styles spitgate drama at Oscars MORE : Brendan Fraser overcome with emotion after winning best actor at Oscars 2023  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 