Hundreds of people rushed to donate blood after at least 36 people died when a freight and passenger train collided in Greece. A passenger train travelling between Athens and Thessaloniki slammed into a cargo train travelling from Thessaloniki to Larissa just before midnight Tuesday. Carriages once filled with more than 350 passengers and staff were crumpled and twisted into knots of smoky metal in one of the country’s deadliest rail accidents in recent years. Many of the young people who died were college students returning from carnival celebrations in Athens – the first since the coronavirus pandemic. Around 85 people found injured within the buckled carriages or injured by the ensuing fire have been taken to hospitals in Larissa, the closest city to the site. Shock, anger and grief were the emotions Greeks felt this morning as news of the fatal wreck spread. Within hours, Central Square in Larissa was lined by hundreds of people voluntarily donating blood. An emergency blood drive was organised by the Greek humanitarian group, the Hellenic Red Cross, in collaboration with two local hospitals to help those injured. The former prime minister and current leader of the opposition, Alexis Tsipras, was among those donating blood outside the city’s general hospital. Transport Minister Kostas Karamanlis resigned this morning, saying he felt it was his ‘duty’ to step down ‘as a basic indication of respect for the memory of the people who died so unfairly’. ‘When something so tragic happens, it’s impossible to continue as if nothing had happened,’ he said. ‘It’s a fact that we inherited the Greek railway in a state that is not fitting for the 21st century,’ he added. ‘In those three and a half years we made every effort to improve this reality. Unfortunately, those efforts were not adequate to avert such a tragedy.’ The cause of the crash near the Vale of Tempe, a river valley about 235 miles north of Athens, is still unclear. It happened shortly after the passenger train came out from under a highway underpass. Yiannis Ditsas, head of the Greek railway workers union, told Skai television that the trains raced toward one another for 12 minutes without realizing it as the automatic signalling at the spot of the crash hadn’t been working. The state’s railway system, he said, has the worst safety track record in Europe. Police said this afternoon that the station manager in Larissa, about 20 miles from the crash site, has been arrested. Local news media reported that the man, 59, who was in charge of signalling, had directed the shipment train onto the same track as the passenger train. The stationmaster has been charged with causing mass deaths through negligence and causing grievous bodily harm through negligence, a police official said. He has denied any responsibility, attributing it to a possible technical failure, and will be brought before an investigator tomorrow. Two other rail officials have also been questioned. Survivors have described scenes of horror. The impact of the two trains smashing into one another sent riders flying through train car windows, while others were buried beneath metal beams. State broadcaster ERT quoted rescuers saying they found victims’ bodies 100 to 130 feet from the impact site. Fire brigade spokesman Vassilis Varthakogiannis said temperatures in the first carriage had reached 1,300° C, making it hard to identify those trapped inside. Stefanos Gogakos, who was in a rear carriage, said the crash felt like an explosion. Flames, he said, consumed the front of the train, burning it to a shell. ‘The glass in the windows shattered and fell on top of us,’ he told ERT. ‘My head hit the roof of the carriage with the jolt. Some people started to climb out through the windows because there was smoke in the carriage. ‘The doors were closed but in a few minutes train staff opened them and we got out.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.