Love Island viewers were less than impressed when host Maya Jama spoiled the surprise of the final dumping. Will Young and Jessie Wynter were the last Islanders to be dumped from the South African villa ahead of Monday night’s big final. However, the suspense was somewhat ruined, as the Aftersun trailer ahead of the reveal broke the news before it had actually aired on TV. The trailer showed Will and Jessie in the studio with presenter Maya, who said she’d be chatting to the ‘dumped Islanders’ after the main show had ended. Naturally, Twitter users weren’t happy, as one tweeted: ‘are the producers okay… why’d they just ruin it on aftersun’. ‘NOT THE AFTER SUN ADVERT REVEALING THE DUMBED COUPLE BEFORE THE DUMPINGS BEEN SHOWN’, wrote another. One person tweeted: ‘Someone from the Aftersun editing team should get fired, cos surely that was a production error???’ However, others picked up on the fact that Will and Jessie were actually in the background of Maya’s Instagram Story earlier this evening. Eagle-eyed followers spotted them in the Aftersun studio, so perhaps that was why they then appeared in the Aftersun teaser. Maya quickly deleted the video from her account, but many told her that the ‘damage had already been done’. One person tweeted: ‘First Maya Jama leaks the result in her Instagram story and then ITV leak it in the advert right before the show. couldn’t write it’. ‘Lol did Maya just do damage control for the leaked instagram story?’, wrote another. Will and Jessie’s exit means they’re no longer in the running for the title of Winter Love Island winners 2023. The finalists now consist of Kai Fagan and Sanam Harrinanan, Ron Hall and Lana Jenkins, Shaq Muhammad and Tanya Manhenga, and Tom Clare and Samie Elishi. Speaking in their exit Q&A, Australian star Jessie said: ‘It would have been nice for us to get to the final, but I’ve left the Villa with Will and he’s my boyfriend, so that’s good.’ On what’s next for her relationship, she said she’s ready to dig out her wellies. ‘I’m heading to Will’s farm for the interim! I’m very excited to go there. I’ll be looking to move to London. Samie and I were going to look at apartments so we’ll see how all of that goes.’ Meanwhile, Will said it’s all about ‘taking every day as it comes’, but he’s keen to teach his girlfriend about ‘lambing’. On whether he’s considering relocating Down Under, he added: ‘I think it’s very fair to say I would go to Australia. A relationship is a two-way thing. It would be unfair for me to rely on Jessie moving here 100%. Australia has always been a place I’d like to go to and travel.’ The Love Island final airs tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers praise Shaq’s family for helping him ‘see the light’ after turbulent relationship with Tanya MORE : Love Island viewers in bits as Sanam Harrinanan tears up upon learning late dad would’ve ‘loved’ Kai Fagan 