Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag admits he took a huge risk in deciding to terminate Cristiano Ronaldo’s contract. The 38-year-old left the club in December after ‘mutually’ agreeing to terminate his contract, which was due to expire at the end of the current campaign. Ronaldo gave an interview to Piers Morgan in late November in which he said he said he didn’t respect Ten Hag, took aim at the Glazers for ‘not caring’ about the club and said youngsters at the club lacked the mentality to succeed. Above all, Ronaldo was peeved at being ostracised by Ten Hag and he had continually undermined the Dutchman by refusing to come on as a substitute against Tottenham and leaving the ground after being subbed during a pre-season friendly. Nevertheless, deciding to get rid of Ronaldo was a controversial decision as United only had an injury-prone Anthony Martial to call upon in attack. And, though Ten Hag says he didn’t ‘lose sleep’ over the decision, he admits he was taking a risk in getting rid of Ronaldo. ‘I had my reasons. They were obvious and I also knew the consequences. It could have had a negative outcome. That is always possible in football,’ said Ten Hag.‘But I am not worrying. I sleep well also, even during those nights. ‘I have to take decisions in respect of advancing the club and the team. That is my job and that is the responsibility I have – and I have to stand by those decisions. ‘I have to face the consequences and the impact of my decisions, not only in the short-term but also for the longer-term. ‘Of course, you don’t always have a lot of time. In that period I remember we had 10 days so I could consider which choice would be the best. You always have to think strategically. But that is my job and that is the responsibility I have to take.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag reveals how Sir Alex Ferguson reacted to Manchester United ending trophy drought MORE : ‘He’s not a leader!’ – Jamie Carragher mocks Gary Neville over criticism of Arsenal star For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 