Andrew Garfield is an Oscars meme for the second year in a row. The Spider-Man actor delighted fans as the cameras turned on him during Sunday night’s ceremony. The 39-year-old actor gave the cameras a seriously awkward toothy grin for what seemed like forever as host Jimmy Kimmel referenced him in his opening speech. Andrew’s reaction came as Jimmy joked about Will Smith’s famous Oscars slap last year, and said Spider-Man would protect him this time around, to which the actor looked pretty uncomfortable. Jimmy said, ‘And if any of you get mad at a joke and decide you want to get jiggy with it – it’s not going to be easy’ as the camera panned to Andrew for the host’s next line: ‘You are going to have to tangle with Spider-Man’. Reactions flooded social media, with some calling the star an ‘instant meme’. One person said: ‘Andrew Garfield is the official meme of the night’, while others joked it wouldn’t be an Oscars without a viral display from the Hacksaw Ridge actor. ‘Why is it that every awards season Andrew Garfield becomes a meme,’ one person commented with a laughing face. A year ago Andrew became an Oscars meme when immediately after Will Smith slapped Chris Rock on stage in one of Hollywood’s most explosive nights, Andrew was filmed texting under a table. The actor has previously opened up about last year’s unfortunate meme-ification, as he told Entertainment Weekly’s podcast The View in April he felt ‘so bad’ about the snap after. ‘I feel so bad, because Kevin Costner is introducing the director nominees in the most beautiful and elegant way, and I’m like, “There’s no way I’m going to be on camera during this,”‘ he explained. ‘Everyone is texting me, asking me what the vibe in the room is, and at that moment my friends took priority over Kevin’. In the aftermath of the slap, the Fresh Prince actor was hit with a ten-year ban from the event. The outburst came after Chris, who was hosting the event, mocked Jada Koren Pinkett Smith’s alopecia. Although there were no high dramas in this year’s lengthy ceremony, at least we managed to eek an Andrew meme out of the footage – for that, we will always be grateful. Elsewhere, Everything Everywhere All at Once was the star of the ceremony as it scooped seven awards from 11 nominations, including best film. Michelle Yeoh was delighted to accept best actress for her role in the film, while Brendan Fraser scooped best actor for his emotional performance in The Whale. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna cheered on by proud boyfriend A$AP Rocky during epic Oscars performance in swoonworthy moment MORE : Oscars 2023: How to handle disappointment when things don’t go your way  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 