A man had sex with his wife over a bollard erected by a neighbour to stop him parking in her space. Lee Craig McConnell, 28, repeatedly left his car or campervan over a neighbour’s spot in Meadow View, Blandford Forum, where he lives. His inconsiderate parking ‘led to some tension and arguments’ between the two and forced the woman to put a bollard up in a bid to stop it happening again. But Weymouth Magistrates’ Court heard McConnell kept knocking it over, prompting his neighbour to install CCTV overlooking the area from her bedroom. The court was told she was left ‘completely disgusted’ at McConnell’s behaviour by the bollard when she went to check the previous night’s footage in October last year. Richard Withey, prosecuting, said: ‘What happened on October 26, but was not known until the day after, is she had seen him masturbate outside the front of his house and had sexual intercourse with his wife over the bollard.’ Describing the contents of the footage, he went on: ‘It clearly shows the defendant facing the camera and masturbating. ‘He appears to be talking and she [McConnell’s wife] is wearing some sort of gown, who then walks towards the bollard, goes over the bollard and engages in that [sexual] act. ‘He finishes and walks into the house.’ The court heard the gobsmacked neighbour felt the display was ‘an attempt by the defendant to humiliate her’. McConnell pleaded guilty to indecent exposure on Friday. Defending, Simon Lacey said McConnell had been left ‘embarrassed’ by his actions and had even put his home up for sale in a bid to draw a line under the incident. McConnell also expressed concern that a copy of the footage still exists and ‘worries’ about what could happen to the video. Mr Lacey said: ‘He had no idea cameras were there. It wasn’t deliberate and not to humiliate the neighbour. It was clearly inappropriate for something that happened. ‘He has come and pleaded guilty at the very first opportunity. It is fair to say the neighbour was only made aware of it when she was told about it.’ Referring to the community fallout over McConnell’s actions, he added: ‘The whole thing is a disaster. All the neighbours are turned against him and his wife, and they are moving away. ‘All they are doing is removing themselves from a very difficult situation. It is sad and this is a man who is trying to bring up a family and work. He is highly embarrassed about what happened. ‘It is a very hard lesson to learn.’ The matter was adjourned for a pre-sentence report and McConnell will appear again at the same court on April 27. He was released on bail but ordered not to contact his neighbour. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.