This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. We love how TikTok points us in the direction of the latest trends, but the hype can lead to disappointment. Last summer, Charles and Keith’s Gabine Crossbody bag became the accessory of choice on the social media platform. As a result of this popularity, it promptly sold out. It was pretty much impossible to get your hands on the multitasking item, such was the demand. Now, however, it’s back in stock – but you’d better hurry if you’ve got your eye on one. For those who are new to Gabine-mania, there are a few reasons why it’s such a popular style. Firstly, it can be worn in countless ways. Feed the thicker leather strap through the back to turn it into a belt bag, or keep it simple and clip on the long strap for an adjustable crossbody or mini shoulder satchel. Alternatively, you can dress the piece up by switching to the gold-toned chain strap that even doubles up as a stylish necklace or bracelet. Not only is it a great all-rounder, it’s also affordable. The Gabine Crossbody from Charles and Keith will set you back £65, which is great value given the price of similar bags on the market. TikTok creator Daneel CB clearly agrees, singing its praises in a recent video. ‘I just needed a new crossbody bag, but little did I know it would change my life,’ she says, adding ‘I cannot get over the quality for the price,’ in the caption. Others showed off the various ways to tailor the Gabine to every outfit, with style blogger Just Jully claiming to be ‘wildly obsessed’ with the versatile piece. In faux leather, it’s suitable for vegans. It also fits a standard iPhone, as well as essentials like keys and cards. Large phone owners may need something roomier, as will anyone averse to travelling light. It’s certainly bijoux, put it that way. For days out and switching from work to evening events, however, you can’t go wrong. All your essentials are to hand, it goes with everything, and most importantly you’ll be receiving compliments wherever you go from fellow fashionistas. Shop the Charles and Keith Gabine Crossbody bag here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The ‘bold glamour’ filter has been dubbed the ‘most realistic’ yet, but what’s it doing to our brains? MORE : Fancy a cruise? This one lasts three years and you can’t book just part of it