A third person has died following a stampede at a GloRilla concert in New York. The incident occurred at the Main Street Armory concert venue in the northern New York city of Rochester on Sunday and the venue’s license has since been revoked. Aisha Stephens, 35, died on Wednesday night, Rochester police have confirmed. Since Sunday’s gig, Aisha had been in hospital in a critical condition. An investigation into the circumstances of last week’s GloRilla show is currently underway, and authorities think the stampede broke out because of fears of gunfire in the venue, something they have yet to find any evidence of. A second woman whose name has not yet been shared also died earlier this week. Rhondesia Belton, 33, became the first person to die after the show, succumbing to her injuries in hospital on Monday. Police were called to the venue following reports of shots fired when the gig, also featuring Memphis rapper Finesse2tymes, came to an end around 11pm. However, Rochester Police Chief Dave Smith later said reports of gunshots had not been confirmed. ‘We do not have any evidence of gunshots being fired or of anyone being shot or stabbed at the scene,’ Smith said, as police work to figure out what it was that prompted the crowd to surge dangerously towards the exit. They are investigating several possible causes of the fatal surge, including ‘possibly crowd size, shots fired, pepper spray and other contributing factors’. GloRilla, 23, tweeted shortly after the concert – before any deaths were confirmed – when she said that she was ‘praying everybody is ok’. In the early hours of Tuesday, she returned to the social media platform to share her devastation over the news. ‘I am devastated & heartbroken over the tragic deaths that happened after Sunday’s show,’ she wrote. ‘My fans mean the world to me praying for their families & for a speedy recovery of everyone affected [sic].’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian and sisters ‘not invited’ to Met Gala 2023 as Anna Wintour ‘cracks down’ on guestlist MORE : Piers Morgan calls Gary Lineker ‘victim of Jeremy Clarkson style witch hunt’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 