This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Tiny living may look good on paper, but the idea of fitting all my possessions into such a small space is enough to bring me out in hives. While not a hoarder by any means, I like to be surrounded by pretty and/or useful things. It’s a nice outlook to have, just not one that’s compatible with my open-plan, one-bedroom flat. As storage space is at a premium, I have to run a tight ship when it comes to what goes where. Like many people, though, I don’t always find it easy to maintain. All it takes is a busy week where you throw everything into a pile and suddenly your room resembles a Tracey Emin piece; ‘I’ll just put this down here while I find a permanent home for it,’ becomes ‘I’ll never see that again,’ when it’s lost in the melee of clutter. I decided enough was enough. It was time to bring some order to my life and belongings, starting with the areas where the mess was bothering me most. With a few bits from Amazon and a whole lot of patience, I’m on my way to getting organised. Perhaps I won’t be the next Marie Kondo, but at least I can open my cupboards without an avalanche of ‘stuff’ falling out. In my hallway I have two large storage cupboards, one for the washing machine and boiler and the other for coats and shoes. Despite having great intentions for these closets when I first moved in, over time they started to look like jumble sales. Laundry was heaped on top of the machine because cleaning products littered the floor, and finding my shoes in the morning was far more stressful than it needed to be. I rejigged the boiler cupboard first, using an over-door storage hanger to house cleaning products. The difference was incredible, freeing up floor space for the washing basket and probably saving countless socks from going missing behind the precarious former setup. The shelf that had previously been there (also an Amazon buy) was repurposed as a shoe rack. Not only is it adjustable and lightweight, it would be ideal for maximising kitchen cupboard space. Next up, I tackled the living area. Because the kitchen (for some unknown reason) doesn’t have drawers, the items that would normally live in the ‘junk drawer’ end up strewn around haphazardly; a plant pot filled with pens here, a backpack full of batteries there. This unit is a game-changer, featuring two drawers where I now keep my hats and wrapping supplies. The top doubles up as a shelf too, tucking away boxes from view and making the room feel neater overall. The aforementioned lack of drawers has long been a problem in my kitchen. I needed to really rummage to find things – not exactly practical when cooking and trying to keep the place clean. This trolley was the perfect renter-friendly solution to keep the bits and bobs I use regularly to hand. I managed to fit condiments, oils, pet food, bread, and fruit and veg on its three shelves, plus the wheels mean it’s never in the way while I potter. If baby pink isn’t your style, the trolley comes in a range of colours to suit your home. Despite being a grown woman, I’ve only got one phone charger that comes with me wherever I go. Powering devices from a single, frayed cable is no way to live, nor is fiddling about in the dark to find the charging port every bedtime. Although I could just buy another cable, I wanted something more permanent for the home: enter, the Eono wireless charger. Now I can just set my phone down on my bedside table and wake up to a full battery. It seems so simple, but the space looks tidier without tangled wires and I never have to worry about whether I’ve remembered to take my charger home from work. I plan to kit the whole flat out with these power-providing disks – partly because they’re handy and partly because it feels like living in the world of tomorrow. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Dog behaviourist shares Crufts-worthy tricks you can easily teach your pet at home MORE : Terrible timing and untidy toddlers: The mistakes stopping you selling your home