Welcome to Metro.co.uk‘s The Big Questions, where we ask, well, the big questions (and the smaller ones too), and this week, we’re diving deep with Will Mellor. The Greater Manchester native, 46, has been gracing British TV for over 30 years, first gaining attention in kid’s programme Children’s Ward before joining Hollyoaks. Will has appeared in everything from dramas like Broadchurch to soaps including Coronation Street and comedies like the hugely popular Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps. Last year, Will became a fan favourite on Strictly Come Dancing, where he spoke openly about his love for his family, particularly his father Bill, who died in 2020, and to whom the actor performed a dance in tribute to. The star is now preparing to launch a new documentary series titled Cops Who Kill, and sat down with Metro.co.uk to talk about how he got to where he is today – and where he’s going next. I’ll never forget it. I was actually 12 years old. And I was a kid in an area where there was nothing around for somebody like me. I was just a ball of energy. And my dad used to say, ‘you’ve got a head full of magic,’ because I would say ‘I want to do that, I want to be on TV, I want to be on stage!’ I’ve never been tested, but I’m pretty sure I’ve got ADHD. I am gonna get myself tested at some point. Nothing’s changed, it’s a superpower in some cases, having something a bit different going on in your brain, and my brain doesn’t stop. I just always wanted to perform. I was always in the middle of all my aunties and uncles doing impressions. And there was an agency advertising in Manchester for raw talent. They said ‘If anyone has got the will and wants to perform come to this agency.’ And mum and dad took me down. The agent liked what he saw, I was this confident kid and had loads of energy. I was cheeky, you know, and they took me on. I remember we had no money, and mum and dad paid £50 for photographs, which was a lot of money. So I was on the agency books, and that meant my dreams were possible. And I got the first three castings I went for. The first one was a documentary on Clive Barker, who was a horror writer who wrote Hellraiser. I played him as a schoolboy, it was on ITV. And I remember gathering around the TV, all the family waiting for me to come on. It was just a moment where you realised this could be possible, that dreams could come true. And for a council estate kid like myself they were only dreams, but I really believed that one day it could happen. And it did. And ever since then, every part that I’ve got means the world to me. Someone validating you, saying ‘yes, you can do this,’ when it’s all been in your mind all these years. You believe in yourself when somebody else believes in you. It’s an amazing feeling. So every casting I’ve got I know how lucky I am, I put myself out there to do what was in my heart. If you’ve got something inside you go find a means to be able to do it. Because that’s that’s what you’re supposed to be doing. Yes, it did. Strictly Come Dancing was a part of this new way of me dealing with grief. If you lose somebody who’s been so influential in your life, it’s up to you to carry them on inside you, and do all the things that they gave you the courage to do. For a long time I was always worried about doing things outside my comfort zone. For a few different reasons. I was always safe – ‘don’t do any reality TV, because you can damage your acting career.’ And I support my family, so I never want to damage any career that I’ve already got, or had any doors closed on me that were opened. I was a bit afraid of that. And that’s not me. So once I lost my dad, I decided that everything I do now I want to do in his name. He lives in me and I’m going to go and grab life. And I’m going to do things that frighten me and I’m going to do things that I want to do and not listen to anybody else. Don’t worry too much about what other people think. If it’s something you want to do, go and do it. And do things that scare you a little bit, because Strictly was terrifying, but at the same time, so rewarding. And it’s like climbing a mountain. If you want to see that view, you’ve got to put the graft in and get up the hill. I’m proud that I did it. And also for my mum, it’s her favourite show and she deserves everything. Because my dad was my hero in a lot of ways, because he was the man of the house, he was a disciplinarian. He was very strict with me at the same time, but he kept me on the straight and narrow. But Mum was always there for us, and without her, I don’t know where we’d be. She’s an unbelievable woman and she deserves every smile. So to put a smile on her face, I’ll do anything to do that. And the memories! Life is about making memories and that’s what I’m going to do now with my career because I do things I want to do, to make memories and grab life. And everyone that you’ve lost, you carry them with you. It’s hard to say. Because honest to God, making my family proud is, through everything. I’m not just saying this. I don’t have any other words other than the truth. And the truth is, when I do something I don’t sit there and watch it back and go, ‘look at me doing that!’ I think: ‘what’s next, what’s my aim moving forward?’ It’s just how my brain is. And I panic. When we’re finished one job, you think, ‘oh, I’ll have a nice week off,’ but after a week, I’m panicking. I’m thinking ‘what if I never work again? What else is there?’ So I’ve always got my finger in pies, I’ve always got my feet in doors keeping them open to me. But I just want to make the family proud. I owe it to anybody else out there that’s the kid like I was. You just don’t rest on your laurels. It’s taking on the next challenge. And I’m proud of everything that I’ve done, because I’m lucky to have done it. Because every job I’ve got, there’s always a few people who were up for the same job and didn’t get it. So yes, I create my own luck as people say. But at the same time, you do sometimes need a bit of luck along the way. So I’m very, very grateful, but also proud of everything that I’ve done. Because it’s all something you learn from, you never stop learning. You get messages after you do a show, from people saying ‘that really helped me through a moment,’ – there’s always positivity, I just want to keep going. So I’m very proud of my career and I’m just going to continue doing as many different things and whatever I want to do. I’m blessed to get to do it. I’d love to do more adventure shows, seeing the world and meeting people. I’ve got a couple of shows in mind. I want to do a travel show called Where There’s a Will, where I go to different places and show people. Places a bit off the beaten track, where the locals might know more about. And also to show how you could save money. There’s a lot of travel shows that are too expensive for the working class. I’m from the working class, I’d like to represent it now. I’d like to do a show, even if it’s little city breaks in England, just to show where you can go, where you can eat that’s maybe a bit cheaper, like the deals you can get in hotels in the area if you want to go certain days. Because what I don’t like is sometimes traveller shows are aimed at the higher brow or people who have got money to go to, like, Tibet. There’s only a handful of who do that. I think travel shows should have a bit more broader appeal to people who haven’t got as much, but they should also still be able to look forward to a break or a weekend away with the family. And also, if there’s ever a Top Gear opening, I’d love to do that! The good thing about my industry is you never know what’s around the corner. So I’m always hopeful. And I’m open to everything. It’s important to me for a lot of reasons. A, it’s something that I would watch. These kinds of things really intrigue me because as a viewer, you might start shouting at the TV: ‘Why wasn’t he stopped?’ And now I get the chance to speak to Serena Simmons, the psychologist, and Julie McKay, an ex-DI, and ask them questions and ask ‘what can we learn from this? How do we move on? And how?’And also what can we learn from it to make sure it doesn’t happen again?’ I speak like the public speak, ask questions [audiences] would ask. It’s not like me being a standard presenter. It’s more about me going to the places and just being me and a general member of the public asking why. [Wayne Couzens’ murder of Sarah Everard] is the first episode, which is a shocking story. There were so many red flags, because he was exposing himself while he was in the police force, and he never lost his job. And if he lost his job, he wouldn’t been able to arrest her, wouldn’t have been able to handcuff Sarah … even though he would always have been the horrendous person he is, he wouldn’t have had the power that the police force gave him. So it’s sort of saying: these things have happened, but what do we learn from it? And also telling the truth, the public deserves to know the truth. And I’m glad I’m the person who’s out there doing that. It’s a very different thing for me. I enjoyed it, but it was harrowing. And it was sickening at times, horrendous, but again, on the other side, to applaud the police for the great work they did in arresting him and catching a needle in the haystack. Because of what Serena Simmons told me, he would have been a serial killer, a serial rapist. So they stopped him from doing it to anybody else. I took it home with me a few times. Yeah, because that was absolutely the case. And walking the paths they walked, going to the scene of the crime would give you a chill. Darren McKie in episode two, he killed his wife, he dumped her body in a lake where I used to go fishing. This used to be a place where me and my dad would go fishing, we had great memories. And now when I think about it, I imagine a body lying in the water, some innocent woman killed over her money. The most shocking thing is to me as well as how cold and calculating narcissists these people were, that they could do it, kill somebody and then go about their day like nothing’s happened. Mackay went and picked his kids up half an hour after he just killed their mum. And then invited people round to his house for dinner. Even though you’re getting close to it, you can still never figure out how somebody can do this. It’s also safe to say you never know what people are capable of. Cops Who Kill With Will Mellor premieres on Crime + Investigation from 6th March at 10PM MORE : Will Mellor ‘in best shape in years’ thanks to Strictly as he reveals ripped physique MORE : Keith Lemon almost ‘ruined his pants’ filming dangerous driving stunt with Will Mellor: ‘I can’t believe it was allowed to happen’ 