Avril Lavigne and Tyga rocked the world of showbiz when they stepped out together during Paris Fashion Week. Following the singer’s shock split from her fiancé Mod Sun, fans weren’t expecting to see the My Happy Ending hit maker, 38, locking lips with anyone anytime soon – let alone Kylie Jenner’s former flame, 33. The duo seemed to seal their unexpected romance with a kiss sitting front row at the Mugler x Hunter Schafer party on Tuesday. Cuddling and holding hands, the new couple took their surprising status public however, they’re not the only ones that send Hollywood’s jaw wagging… At it again, the lathario added none other than Kim K to his long list of beautiful conquests and had the reality star smitten from the get-go. The random pairing dated for all of nine months and regularly walked carpets arm in arm, showing off their admiration for each other. Despite calling it quits in August 2022, the bombshell and the former Saturday Night Live star parted amicably with sources at the time citing business as the fault in their romantic stars. At 21 years her senior, Zach dated Florence for around two years before the pair went their separate ways. The Scrubs star and the Don’t Worry Darling actress seemed to be heading down a serious road as they adopted a dog together during quarantine. However, in September 20222 Florence revealed they had split in private a few months prior. The TLC singer and former child star caused a stir when they announced they were ready to have babies together. Just before Thanksgiving, the 51-year-old singer and Mrs Doubtfire actor reportedly made things official after they had been photographed on a beach together in Hawaii in August. According to Christal Jordan – the Waterfalls artist’s rep – the new duo spent both Thanksgiving and Christmas together in Atlanta and the 42-year-old star even met his girlfriend’s family. The surprising couple dated privately for six years before calling it quits. Linked to one another since 2013, they went their separate ways in May – the same month they posed together for the first time at the 2019 Met Gala. Oh-so-cute yet a little hard to fathom, Hollywood’s sweetheart Zendaya and Spiderman’s Tom Holland are officially an item. The co-stars were friends long before they were spotted locking lips in Los Angeles and remain supportive of each other as they both tackle the world of showbiz. In July 2021, the duo were caught sharing kisses in Tom’s car as they headed out for a relaxed day in California. It wasn’t long before these two got busy and produced offspring that will now be heir to the Twittersphere. After dating for a few weeks, the pair went public and walked the Met Gala steps together in 2018. Just two years later, they welcomed a baby boy but after three years in a relationship, they called it quits. Fresh off the press, the country singer and Outer Banks star turned heads when they got cosy watching a sports game together and shared the evidence on social media. Nothing confirmed as of yet, both parties left long term romantic situations relatively recently – Kelsea filing for divorce from Morgan Evans in October 2022 and Chase splitting from costar Madelyn Cline in November. The popstar with the voice of an angel, Billie’s loved up with 31-year-old fellow musician Jesse. They were first linked in October 2022 and confirmed their relationship a month later in November. Despite their 10 year age gap, the couple seemed happier than ever as they took to the red carpet wearing matching pyjamas. Perhaps the most shocking couple, well, ever – Kerry and Emily In Paris heartthrob Lucien used to have a thing for one another. The stars were 12 years apart in age and only dated for a hot minute but still, it happened and the world hasn’t quite got over it yet. They even did a joint magazine interview at the time of their romance during which Lucien described Kerry as ‘amazing’ and confirmed: ‘When I’m with her, I don’t feel like there’s an age gap at all.’ Cher has been known to love a toy boy but who knew she had a fling with real life action man Tom? The Hollywood A-listers fancied each other during the 1980s and in 2013, Cher went as far as to label the actor as one of her ‘top-five’ favorite lovers ever during a chat with Andy Cohen. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cher, 76, shares sweet update about boyfriend Alexander Edwards, 37, after solo appearance MORE : Avril Lavigne and new flame Tyga look iconic in matching leather outfits for Paris Fashion Week after confirming romance 