Erik ten Hag praised Bruno Fernandes for ‘showing his personality’ in Manchester United’s 4-1 win against Real Betis following heavy criticism of the Portuguese midfielder this week. The playmaker was labelled a ‘disgrace’ by Gary Neville on Sunday following his behaviour during United’s 7-0 defeat to rivals Liverpool at Anfield. Fernandes has effectively been the side’s captain this season given the ongoing absence of Harry Maguire from the starting XI but there were calls to strip him of the armband after his ill-discipline at Anfield, when he appeared to push the linesman. But, after playing a part in three of the four goals against Betis ,Ten Hag named Fernandes as his Man of the Match and praised his strength of character. ‘I think he was the best player on pitch,’ said Ten Hag.‘He showed his personality. He played a bit of a deeper role and i think he did it brilliantly. ‘I think he was the leader and [he was] making the game from the back, with a lot of good passes inbetween the lines and from there on we create a lot of chances.’ The victory gives United a 4-1 aggregate lead heading into the second leg in Seville and it was in no small part down to Fernandes, who responded perfectly to the criticism he’s faced since Sunday. On a night when United had no option but to start quickly, they did exactly that. Ten Hag selected the same starting XI that were humiliated at Anfield, asking them to make amends for what he described as an ‘unprofessional’ performance. Marcus Rashford said on Monday that he wanted to play again immediately to get the Liverpool game out of his system and there was anger in the way he fired past Claudio Bravo at his near post in just the sixth minute. United continued at a speed that suggested they wanted to put on a display and they should have been clear by the half-hour mark, with Rashford, Wout Weghorst and Fernandes all guilty of missing good chances. If the early goal had settled a nervy United side down, David De Gea hadn’t got the message. The Spaniard gave away possession four times during the first half, two of which nearly resulted in a goal. When the equaliser did come through former Leicester City forward Ayoze Perez, it did so through a stroke of luck as Juanmi appeared to handle the ball before putting the Spaniard in, who scored with the visitors’ first shot on target. The goal knocked United out of their stride, with Betis growing in confidence after a shaky start of their own. Having scored against the run of play, the Spaniards could easily have been ahead at the break when they pounced on another loose pass from De Gea. Perez was put through on the corner of the box and his pullback was deflected off Fernandes and on to the post. That though was as far as the Betis threat carried, with a Fernandes-inspired United producing a second half display that was far more in keeping with their form in recent months. After playing a part in the opener, Fernandes turned provider for the second as Antony restored United’s lead with what is quickly becoming his trademark. The Brazilian cut in from the right and floated a wonderful curling effort into the opposite corner, leaving Bravo with no chance. Less than five minutes later it was Fernandes’ time to get in on the act. Having taken over corner duties from the Portuguese, Luke Shaw whipped a perfect cross on to Fernandes’ head and he made it 3-1. Fernandes’ behaviour against Liverpool was described as ’embarassing’ by Roy Keane and he could have had no complaints had he been stripped of the armband. Though Ten Hag made it clear that would not be the case in his pre-match press conference, the pressure was still on Fernandes to heal some of the wounds that were opened up by the mauling at Anfield. If there was a question mark over what his team-mates felt about his behaviour, then they went some way to answering it in how they formed a circle around Fernandes following his goal. It was clear that they wanted to send a message of togetherness. Playing in a more reduced role in midfield with Fred in front of him, Fernandes was afforded more time in possession than he’s had in recent weeks either as a number ten or as a right winger. Part of Fernandes’ frustration on Sunday – aside from the scoreline – was that he had played in different positions throughout the defeat and Ten Hag’s decision to play him in a deeper role against Betis was an astute one, as it kept the Portuguese involved in all parts of the game. A two-goal advantage was the least United deserved for their dominance and another goal would effectively end the tie, leaving Betis in need of a miracle in the second leg. If Ten Hag could have chosen a scorer to find the fourth then he likely would have chosen Wout Weghorst. The Dutchman’s scored just once since his arrival on loan in January and though supporters have taken to his wholehearted displays, his ongoing goal drought was being met with growing jeers with every missed opportunity. When Weghorst’s goal did come – in front of the Stretford End no less – he and the 73,000-strong crowd erupted like he’d just found a last-minute winner. The Dutchman was criticised for touching the ‘This Is Anfield’ sign before kick-off on Sunday but he showed where his loyalties lie at the full-time whistle, with Weghorst applauding all four corners of Old Trafford long after his team-mates had headed down the tunnel. For United and Fernandes, there was at least some redemption after the club’s heaviest defeat since 1931. What a difference four days can make. MORE : Owen Hargreaves names ‘best player on the pitch’ as Manchester United thump Real Betis in Europa League MORE : Manchester United legend Paul Scholes reveals Bruno Fernandes ‘worry’ despite emphatic Real Betis win For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 