ITV has announced it’s children’s channel CITV will close later this year, in a streaming shake-up. The change comes as the broadcaster plans to move all programming to streaming platform ITVX, which launched months ago. ITVX Kids will instead show school age and pre-school age children’s programmes, and will launch in July this year. The release states: ‘ITVX Kids is part of ITV’s continuing drive to supercharge its presence in streaming, delivering content to audiences however they want to watch it.’ The announcement goes on to highlight BARB viewing data which shows that while the average amount of broadcast TV minutes of kids television channels watched by 4-15 year olds per week has declined by 62% since 2019, other unmatched viewing (including gaming and DVDs) has risen by 30%. Craig Morris, Managing Editor of ITVX said: ‘We’re really excited to launch this dedicated destination for kids on ITVX, which will be home to a wealth of content including new series, recognisable brands and existing favourites for a range of ages, all in one child-safe area, with editorial curation to guide viewing. ‘The wealth of content will be available to stream for free, with the option for parents to choose ad free viewing, through a subscription to ITVX Premium.’ ITVX will see a wide range of titles including brand new programmes dropping monthly, spanning genres including comedy, gameshows, live action, animation and sport. The CITV broadcast channel will close in early Autumn, after the streaming platform is rolled out over the summer holidays. CITV first launched in January 1983, initially as a late afternoon programming block for children aged 5-13, before becoming its own channel in 2006. The exciting range of new shows on ITV Kids will complement existing favourites, including Lloyd of the Flies, Lily’s Driftwood Bay, Claude, Mumfie, Mystery Lane and The Rubbish World of Dave Spud, which will also be available on ITVX Kids. ITVX Kids will also have some much-loved British brands, including the animated series of Mr Bean, and for younger pre-school children, TeleTubbies Let’s Go, Sooty and Bob The Builder amongst other titles. The release goes on to say: ‘Accessibility for all children who want to enjoy content is a big priority for ITVX. The ambition is for 100% of content to be subtitled on ITVX Kids, with around 20% of the content on ITVX Kids audio described.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : CITV presenter ‘had to wear minimiser bra’ after viewers complained about her breasts MORE : CITV leaves viewers divided by airing Queen’s funeral instead of children’s programmes 