It might have been four years since Luther fans last saw Idris Elba play the hardened detective, but he’s coming back all guns blazing for his new Netflix movie. Luther: The Fallen Sun follows John Luther as he escapes from prison to make up for his past failures, making an enemy of tech billionaire David Robey (Andy Serkis). The titular character is known for wearing his grey trench coat, a signature look that he’s now had for over a decade. So when Metro.co.uk caught up with the lead star at the premiere of the film in London, we had to ask if the coat had become a bit worse for wear over the years. While fans might have assumed that there was only one Luther coat stowed away, Idris assured us that there’s more than one… and so there’s no issue with it becoming smelly. ‘Nooo! You know what, it does get washed but there’s more than one in the wardrobe. So I dry clean one and then I wear the other one,’ the 50-year-old said. ‘People always say to me, “Does that thing stink?” It doesn’t smell I promise,’ he added. Another Luther mystery solved! Idris ditched Luther’s grey coat for a suave purple look for the red carpet, posing alongside his scene partner Cynthia Erivo, who looked dazzling in silver, and his wife Sabrina Elba, who donned an elegant black gown for the event. Andor star Andy opted for a peacock-patterned green jacket to go over his black ensemble. Cynthia has been known to go for a stand-out look for the red carpet, and tonight she didn’t disappoint with her Louis Vuitton fishtail design. The synopsis for Luther: The Fallen Sun reads: ‘Haunted by his failure to capture the cyber psychopath who now taunts him, Luther decides to break out of prison to finish the job by any means necessary.’ Wicked star Cynthia stars as Odette Raine, a rival detective to Luther and his nemesis. The trailer for the movie showed Odette on the hunt for Luther, while Serkis’ character stalked the protagonist menacingly on CCTV cameras. Luther: The Fallen Sun is available in select cinemas and arrives on Netflix from March 10. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Andy Serkis almost didn’t take on Luther role and had to shower after reading script MORE : Luther: The Fallen Sun review – Idris Elba slots right back into his signature role 