In news that surely no one was expecting, Jeremy Clarkson has been awarded the title… UK’s Sexiest Man. Yep, the Clarkson’s Farm star, 62, received hundreds of votes in a new survey, resulting in him coming out on top and beating stars like Gary Lineker, Idris Elba and Mike Tindall. A survey of 2,000 women across the country saw respondents give points to a list of 50 male celebrities from across the worlds of entertainment, politics and sport. Despite his history of making vile comments, the former Top Gear host scored eight out of 10 points. Football pundit Gary earned seven and a half points, while and rugby star Mike received seven points. Other celebrities who made it onto the list and sit inside the top 10 were Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis and X Factor host Dermot O’Leary. If you’re wondering what exactly it is about Clarkson that seemingly makes him irresistible, the dating site survey reckons it’s all in the outfit. IllicitAffairs.com claimed: ‘Clarkson’s wax jacket and tweed shirt are helping give off the bad boy farmer vibe which women find sexy.’ Well, there you have it. The shocking result comes after the ITV host made headlines for all the wrong reasons over recent months. It kicked off with his vile remarks about Meghan Markle, as Clarkson wrote in a column for The Sun that he hated her on a ‘cellular level’ and wished to see her ‘paraded through the streets’ as people threw ‘excrement’ at her. Unsurprisingly, the host received immense backlash for the comments, with an investigation recently launched after more than 25,000 official complaints were made. The host later said that he emailed Meghan and Prince Harry to apologise on Christmas Day, but the couple later said that he only, in fact, emailed the Duke of Sussex. Elsewhere, Clarkson’s Amazon Prime TV series has come under fire on various occasions, from the star lashing out and calling villagers ‘morons’, to planning permission woes. Oh, and as if all of that wasn’t enough, there’s plenty of speculation that Clarkson won’t be returning to helm Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? But yeah, it’s the wax jacket and tweed shirt, right? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Farmers point out mistake Jeremy Clarkson keeps making on Diddly Squat MORE : Piers Morgan defends Jeremy Clarkson over ‘being cancelled by ITV’ despite past feud with TV presenter 