Cheryl has reportedly upped her security detail after an incident with a stalker during her stint on the West End. The 39-year-old singer is currently acting in the critically acclaimed 2:22 A Ghost Story at London’s Lyric Theatre. Her nightly performances in the show were apparently tainted by ‘disgusting’ messages that were left for her at the venue. ‘There’s at least one nutter who has been sending some pretty disgusting and disturbing messages,’ a source told The Sun. They continued: ‘She hasn’t been shown them but they’re included with the flowers people leave after performances. ‘Cheryl has enough to think about on stage to a packed theatre each night without having to think about that too, but steps have been taken to ramp up security and put her mind at rest.’ Following the scary notes, reports emerged that the star and mum-of-one now has a team of security professionals monitoring her movements and escorting her around. She is also said to have a car that waits for her outside the stage door to take her back to her Buckinghamshire home once she is finished for the night. Despite her security woes, the former Girls Aloud singer has been praised for her ‘fearless’ approach to the West End spot. Co-star and ex Eastenders actor Jake Wood, 50, said of Cheryl who plays Jenny in the show: ‘I’m sure Cheryl felt the pressure but, after years in the industry, I think she’s pretty fearless. He went on to share with the Mirror: ‘It’s quite remarkable to see someone who has never acted before come on stage at the West End, she is in the spotlight, with all that pressure. ‘It’s quite amazing how resilient she is, really. And she is giving amazing performances, people are blown away by how good she is.’ Cheryl took over from former Love Island host Laura Whitmore when she joined the play that is set to finish its run on April 23. The supernatural thriller stars Jake as Ben and previously saw Lily Allen take to the stage back in 2021. Metro.co.uk contacted Cheryl’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cheryl looks buzzing after another successful 2:22 West End performance MORE : EastEnders star Jake Wood defends co-star Cheryl’s casting in West End debut 2:22 amid criticism of lack of acting experience 