A 3-year-old girl in Texas shot and killed her 4-year-old sister with an ‘unsecured’ weapon on Sunday, authorities said. Harris County Sheriff Ed Gonzalez called the incident a ‘tragic situation,’ and ‘very preventable.’ According to the sheriff, the two toddlers were playing unsupervised while five adults gathered with family and friends in a Houston apartment. ‘At some point, it appears that one parent thought the other parent was watching the other children when in fact the two toddlers were left basically unsupervised inside the bedroom,’ the sheriff said. In the bedroom, the children found a loaded semi-automatic pistol. ‘Family members heard a single gunshot. They ran into the room and found the small toddler, four years old, on the floor unresponsive,’ Sheriff Gonzalez said. Gonzalez said the adults were able to quickly secure the weapon after the gunshot and call 911, but the injured child was still pronounced dead at the scene. Neither child has been identified yet. Any charges against the adults in the house have not yet been announced, although Sheriff Gonzalez said charges were ‘very likely’ in this case. ‘Our hearts are broken. Our deputies are pretty shaken up,’ Gonzalez said. ‘The community is impacted when a child loses their life in this way.’ Gonzales emphasized that this kind of incident is preventable if parents follow proper gun safety practices. ‘You’ve got to be sure you’re being a responsible gun owner, securing your weapons in a safe place,’ the sheriff said. ‘It’s got to be more than just telling young kids not to touch the weapons. You know, we’ve got to do a little more. We see far too many tragic situations like this unfold.’ Earlier this year, a six-year-old child in Newport News, Virginia took a legally-purchased firearm from their parents and used it to shoot his teacher in the classroom. The child’s parent’s insisted the weapon was secured, and admitted that he suffered from an ‘acute disability’ which typically required additional supervision at school. A month later in Pennsylvania, a mother was arrested when her children found an unsecured firearm and brought it in their backpack on the bus to school. Nobody was hurt in the Norristown, Pennsylvania incident – children on the bus acted as ‘heroes’ and informed school administrators before the weapon was fired. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.