Lana Del Rey has joined the throng of upset music fans over this year’s Glastonbury line-up – and has suggested she may even pull out of the festival. The Blue Jeans singer is due to headline the Other Stage on the Saturday at this year’s event, taking place at Worthy Farm, Somerset in June. She’ll be joining headliners Sir Elton John, Arctic Monkeys and Guns ‘N’ Roses on the bill. However, the Glastonbury line-up has been subject of criticism due to its all-male headline acts and lack of diversity. Fans of Lana, 37, are also fuming after noticing she didn’t have prominent positioning as one of the stage headliners, with top billing – as always – given to the Pyramid Stage acts and the rest of the line-up listed in alphabetical order. Reacting to her not being specifically announced as the Other Stage headliner, the singer commented under Glastonbury’s Instagram post: ‘Thanks for announcing that I was headlining the other stage. Thumbs up.’ She is also reported to have added from her personal account: ‘Well, I’m actually headlining the 2nd stage. But since there was no consideration for announcing that we’ll see.’ Glastonbury’s comments section has been flooded with fans wondering where Lana’s name was and wondering why it wasn’t placed higher. ‘You give them hell queen, that’s what they deserve,’ one told the musician encouragingly. Another said: ‘They don’t deserve u how dare they disrespect the queen like that.’ Begging Lana not to pull out of the festival, one other fan added: ‘I know this is annoying but please don’t cancel. So many of us are so excited to see you there.’ At this year’s event, 53% of the 55 confirmed acts are male, while only 43% are non-white artists or groups that include non-white members. Organiser Emily Eavis has defended the line-up choices, saying festivals are struggling to secure viable female headliners due to an industry ‘pipeline’ problem. ‘We’re trying our best so the pipeline needs to be developed. This starts way back with the record companies, radio. I can shout as loud as I like but we need to get everyone on board,’ she explained, asserting that the music industry ‘needs to invest in more female musicians to create future headliners’, she told The Guardian. She added the festival is ‘entirely focused on balancing [our] bill’ and that it’s ‘not just about gender, it’s about every aspect of diversity.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 