Kim Jong-un’s daughter is ‘living a life of luxury’ while the people of North Korea continue to face a worsening food crisis, South Korea claims. Ju-ae, believed to be about 10 years old, reportedly spends her free time horse-back riding, skiing and swimming. She is home-schooled in Pyongyang and has never been enrolled in an official education facility, the South Korean National Intelligence Services (NIS) said. The NIS revealed the information while briefing lawmakers and politicians, stating Kim is happy that Ju-ae is ‘very good’ at horse riding. While the girl reportedly enjoys her comfortable lifestyle, many regular North Koreans are struggling to put food on their table. Last week, the United Nations and South Korean authorities suggested food supply has now ‘dipped below the amount needed to satisfy minimum human needs’. North Korea has no official data on the issue but search analyst at the Peterson Institute for International Economics has analysed other data, including satellite images. The North Korean population has been considered undernourished by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization since before the Covid pandemic. The western world has attributed this to Kim’s misguided approach to economic policy’. The pandemic, and the way it facilitated North Korea isolating itself further, is believed to have made it worse. Ju-ae is thought to have a 13-year-old brother and a younger sibling whose gender is still unknown. There is some speculation that Pyongyang is setting Ju-ae up to be Kim’s successor – mainly because of her fairly sudden entry into public life in November. Kim has ruled for 11 years now – and both his predecessors, his father and grandfather, ruled until they died. Some believe Kim’s younger sibling, had a public presence since 2014, could be poised to take the reins. Others think there is currently a ‘power struggle’ between the leader’s sister and the First Lady, Ri Sol-ju. Kim was allegedly picked to be his father’s successor when he was only eight years old. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.