Graham Potter hailed the ‘fantastic’ Enzo Fernandez following Chelsea’s win over Leicester City and shared his delight over Mykhailo Mudryk claiming his first assist for the club. Chelsea made it three wins from three in all competitions with a 3-1 win over the Foxes on Saturday afternoon. Ben Chilwell scored against his former side before Kai Havertz clipped an excellent finish over the goalkeeper following a Leicester equaliser from Paston Daka. Mateo Kovacic sealed the win with an emphatic volley with Potter full of praise for his side after another much-improved and clinical performance. Premier League record signing Fernandez shone in the middle of the park, providing a sublime assist for Havertz with Potter identifying him as the player who ‘gets the team moving’. ‘He’s a fantastic player and a young player,’ Potter said in a post-match press conference. ‘He’ll get better and better as he plays with us more. Because he has just arrived from another country and another league so you always have to adapt to that. ‘You can see his quality, he gets the ball and passes forward, he is progressing with his mentality and he gets the team moving and gives everything. It’s a nice combination to have.’ Mudryk thought he had scored his first goal for the club in the second-half only to see his effort ruled out for offside. But the £88million signing ended a run of six games without a goal or assist by setting up Kovacic’s goal. After being left on the bench in wins against Leeds United and Borussia Dortmund, Potter hailed the winger’s attitude. ‘He will get better and better. He’s a young player, hasn’t had that much experienced so every game he will get better and better. ‘His attitude is fantastic, he wants to help the team, work for the team so I am delighted that he could assist and help us win.’ Potter added on the win: ‘It has been a really good week. Three wins. A determined performance against Leeds and then a great one against Dortmund and to back it up today is really good from the players because it’s not easy to do that in the Premier League. ‘So I’m delighted for them. I’m delighted for the supporters, they were fantastic.’ MORE : Graham Potter explains why he subbed off Joao Felix at half-time during Chelsea’s win over Leicester City MORE : ‘I wish I never left!’ Willian reveals Arsenal regret after Chelsea decision For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 