Eddie Hearn hopes to officially announce Saul ‘Canelo’ Alvarez’s homecoming world title fight against John Ryder next week. The undisputed super-middleweight champion is heading back to Mexico for his first fight on home soil in 12 years on 6 May to take centre stage on Cinco de Mayo weekend. After his unsuccessful move up to light-heavyweight last May, Canelo returned to 168lbs to defend his WBC, WBA, WBO and IBF titles in a trilogy fight against Gennady Golovkin with Ryder now in his sights. The Londoner enjoyed a superb 2022, beating Daniel Jacobs, a former Canelo opponent, and the previously unbeaten Zach Parker to position himself at the top of the pile at super-middleweight. While a deal is still to be finalised, Hearn is confident it will get over the line in the coming days. ‘Not yet,’ Hearn told Metro.co.uk when asked if Canelo vs Ryder is a done deal. ‘Saul has announced his next fight will by 6 May in Guadalajara, John Ryder is definitely the front runner for that. ‘We are still trying to finalise the contracts for that fight and hopefully you will get an announcement next week. Now we are just working on getting everything over the line. ‘It is a massive fight for John. I really feel like he deserves it, and we are looking forward to giving him the opportunity and to appear on a historic show.’ Matchroom Boxing last month made another addition to their super-middleweight ranks, signing Edgar Berlanga on a multi-fight deal. The 25-year-old kicked off his career with a sensational run of 16 consecutive first-round knockout victories, honing a reputation as a star in the making and a future opponent of Canelo in what would be compelling Mexico vs Puerto Rico showdown. The Brooklyn-born fighter has seen since his momentum slow somewhat, going the distance in his last four against Demond Micholson, Marceo Esteban Coceres, Steve Rolls and Roamer Alexis Angulo. Hearn now plans to throw the 25-year-old in against ‘world level’ opposition to determine where his level is at. Should he pass those tests, the Matchroom believes Canelo vs Berlanga can take centre stage in May 2024. ‘He has that unbelievable start to his career, also a couple of injuries amid those decent performances after,’ Hearn said. ‘He’s ready to go in now and make a statement, he is a fantastic fighter, has a huge fanbase. He is a huge signing for our us roster and the plan is for him to fight Canelo Alvarez. ‘He has to prove himself as a contender for that and his next two fights should be against world level opposition to try and put himself into position for that Mexico vs Puerto Rico derby next May. ‘That would be a huge event but he has to prove himself as a worthy challenger and that is the plan over the next six to eight months.’ Eddie Hearn spoke alongside boxing partner Frank Smith on the latest episode of the Rockwater podcast. Listen here for the full podcast. MORE : ‘Let’s make it happen’ – Eddie Hearn confirms talks are underway for Katie Taylor vs Chantelle Cameron in Dublin MORE : ‘Signs that his best days are behind him’ – John Ryder hopeful of Canelo Alvarez showdown in May after Eddie Hearn confirms talks For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 