Madonna appears to have shown off her new boyfriend to the world as they cosied up for a photo. The record-breaking musician, 64, was reported last month to have ended her relationship with 23-year-old Andrew Darnel after a five-month romance. However, it didn’t take long for the star to find romance again, as she was soon rumoured to be dating boxer Josh Popper, 29, who is believed to be teaching a class to one of her children. The mum-of-six has been spotted getting close to Josh in a few snaps, pouring fuel on the speculation. Now it appears the pair are ready to go public with their relationship as Madonna shared a snap of them kissing to Instagram. In photos taken at a Purium party, Madge dressed as Kween Esther in an all black outfit, along with a ski-mask type face covering. Josh, too, wore all black including a face covering, however, was still recognisable. Madonna shared a series of snaps from the event to her Instagram account, with one showing the pair sharing a passionate kiss through their masks. It’s not the first time the rumoured couple were snapped costing up to one another, as just last week the Queen of Pop was seen holding on to Josh’s arm as he made a fist and flexed his muscles. Josh himself shared the snap to his socials, including a second photo of he and Madonna with their arms around friends outside his boxing ring. Madonna donned a pair of dark shades as she kissed her beau’s shoulder for the sweet collection of photos. She penned a cryptic caption to go with the upload that read: ‘In a male-driven culture, there are always exceptions. ‘Hard to ignore the reality… that most women get demolished [sic].’ Neither party have spoken out about their budding romance, only sharing cosy pictures together online. Her rumoured romance comes after her split from Andrew, however sources at the time indicated they had only been dating ‘casually’ and she was ‘not broken-hearted’. A source told Page Six at the time: ‘It’s just that it has come at a bad time.’ The insider went on to claim that Madonna has had ‘a bit of a crisis’ with her confidence over recent weeks, which her love split hasn’t helped with. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Madonna for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna, 64, cosies up to new ‘boyfriend’ Josh Popper, 29, as she supports ringside at his boxing match MORE : Madonna, 64, ‘dating boxing coach’, 29, following split from model Andrew Darnell 