GB News viewers branded the show’s latest segment as ‘homophobic’ after they mocked ‘rainbow flags’ in Brighton. The network decided to host an ‘alternative’ Match Of The Day episode after the likes of Ian Wright and Alan Shearer have pulled out of hosting the BBC One programme after Gary Lineker was asked to step down over his criticism of the Government’s immigration policy. When Mark Dolan asked co-host Patrick Christys for his thoughts on the game played between Leeds United and Brighton, Christys didn’t hold back. ‘Brighton, I’ve never been to,’ he said. ‘Though I imagine that Gary Lineker would quite like Brighton, because it’s full of rainbow flags and woke people.’ In response, Dolan quipped: ‘I think that’s a fair point. The tofu-eating wokeratti!’ Fans branded the segment as ‘pathetic’ and expressed their frustrations on Twitter. TV critic Scott Bryan wrote: ‘By the way, the “alternative” MOTD on GB News last night criticising Brighton for having “rainbow flags” is homophobia. I can’t spin it any other way.’ ‘What the f**k is this TV show and why it allowed to be broadcast. Just spewing hate across the airwaves,’ another added. ‘Someone had a meeting to discuss this and decided that this was a good idea……,’ a third tweeted. Following the revolt over Lineker’s suspension, the BBC confirmed that Match of the Day ‘will focus on match action without presentation or punditry’, essentially just showing the football highlights. Dolan announced on Saturday: ‘We are the people’s channel, and the people need commentary, they need punditry, Match of the Day clocks in at seven million viewers a week, so if the BBC will not serve that audience then GB News with Mark Dolan tonight are happy to step in. ‘It’s going to be the Alternative Match of the Day, I am Gary Lineker. ‘And to make it really feel like Match of the Day, GB News are going to pay me £1.3million.’ He then went on to explain how the show would actually work, considering GB News don’t have the rights to show football. Metro.co.uk has reached out to GB News for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 