Waking up at dawn, drinking a green smoothie, hitting the gym before work, a wholesome afternoon walk. These are all things that we know would improve our day-to-day, but in reality, are pretty hard to put into practice. And that’s where TikTok’s newest trend, delusion week comes in. A delusion week, according to creator, Kaylin Mally, is ‘a week where I act like the hottest, most successful version of me, and a faster way to get me into alignment with the person I want to be.’ This translates into early to bed, early to rise, and a lot of prep: fans of a delusion week advise pre-planning all food and activities for the day the night before. It also means no mindless scrolling on apps, more reading, journalling and dedicating time towards your specific goals each day. Now, the chances are you’ve probably tried something like this before. But the trick is, by only committing to one week of so-called delusion, you’re setting yourself a realistic goal that you might actually stick too. And, if you stick to it, you’re more likely to develop habits that last longer than just one week. This isn’t the first time that TikTokers have encouraged us to be ‘delusional’. Similar to the ‘lucky girl syndrome’ trend, creator and model, Ella Halikas revealed that ‘delusional confidence’ is what propelled her to stardom. ‘About three and a half years ago I was going to school in a Hawaii and I was a server working in a restaurant and I said, “I’m going to be a Sports Illustrated model”‘, she explained. ‘No modelling experience. Nothing. No help, no following, no family’s money, no rich boyfriend, no fame in my family at all. ‘Three and a half years later I graced the pages of Sports Illustrated, babe. Delusional confidence got me where I am today… if you want it baby, you can have it.’ But is it really that easy? Social psychologist, Sandra Wheatley, says that we should never underestimate the power of positivity. She said, ‘Dubbing this practice ‘delusional’ is a little harsh. This is all about taking positive thinking, and building on that. ‘We know that if we set a specific goal, and plan to succeed – both by believing in ourselves and taking steps to turn that dream into a reality – then we’ve got more of a chance of achieving it. ‘A delusion week builds on things like mantras, and converts them into real action and necessary steps to help you achieve your goals.’ But it’s important not to put too much pressure on yourself. Sandra says: ‘Don’t decide you’re going to change your life completely overnight. ‘A week is a good, realistic amount of time to give this a go, and don’t expect it to go perfectly. ‘You’re only human and you can only do so much – if it doesn’t go according to plan, you can always try again. ‘Time your delusional week for when you don’t have much on – don’t do it when you’ve got a big project at work, or when the kids are off school. Try and set yourself up to win. ‘And if confidence is something you struggle with, your delusion week could be a good time to try something new – prove to yourself that you can slightly step out of your comfort zone, and you’ll feel that boost in your self-esteem.’ And what if you get a bit too delusional? Sandra explains: ‘It’s important to remember that being the best version of yourself unfortunately won’t stop bad things from happening to you – some things are simply out of our control. ‘Also make sure you surround yourself with people you can trust, who will be able to let you know that you’re perhaps taking things a little too far.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why turning off your WhatsApp blue ticks could help your mental health – and improve your dating life MORE : I visited a manifestation coach and this is what happened