Angry residents of East Palestine, Ohio confronted officials from the rail operator, whose train caused a toxic chemical dump and explosion, at a town hall meeting on Thursday evening. Representatives from freight railroad operator Norfolk Southern, as well as officials from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), gathered for a question-and-answer session at the beleaguered small town on the Ohio-Pennsylvania border. ‘We are sorry. We’re very sorry. We feel horrible about it,’ Darrell Wilson, the Norfolk Southern’s Associate Vice-President for Government Relations, told the crowd in the auditorium of East Palestine High School. But before he could finish, the crowd erupted in outrage. One member of the crowd can be heard yelling ‘evacuate us! Evacuate us! We are going to get sick!’ Wilson told the crowd that 2million gallons of contaminated water and 1400 tons of solid waste have been removed from the crash site so far, but residents remained outraged that the company reopened the railroad last week before removing the soil directly underneath the tracks. ‘You should have done that the first time,’ someone yelled from the audience. EPA Administrator Debra Shore said that the agency was starting testing for dioxins – a carcinogenic chemical that some fear was released during the explosion. But for many East Palestine residents, the testing comes too late. ‘I’m begging you, by the grace of god, please get our people out of here!’ one East Palestine resident desperately said to officials. Another directly asked Wilson: ‘Has there been any talk about relocating people?’ ‘There has not,’ Wilson said. The Norfolk Southern exec would not say whether or not the company would cover the cost of evacuations if the EPA found them necessary. ‘What I’m going state on this topic, is that right now this will be an evolving conversation that’s going to go on for quite a while.’ Norfolk Southern previously came under fire for backing out of an earlier town hall event on February 15. They a ‘growing physical threat’ against Norfolk Southern employees. Norfolk Southern CEO Alan Shaw did not attend Thursday night’s meeting. The CEO previously defended the company’s decision to release toxic vinyl chloride after the derailment. ‘The factors on the ground at that time were that the safety valves on the rail cars had failed and the temperatures inside the railcars were heating up,’ the CEO said. ‘Our independent expert was extremely concerned about a catastrophic uncontrolled explosion that would shoot shrapnel and hazardous gas throughout this populated community.’ Meanwhile, Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro made a criminal referral to the state attorney general due to their actions during the crisis. ‘The combination of corporate greed, incompetence, and lack of care for our residents is absolutely unacceptable to me,’ he said at a press conference with Ohio Governor Mike DeWine. Shapiro criticized the company for not cooperating with the unified command the two governors established immediately after the train derailed. ‘They gave us inaccurate information and conflicting modeling data. And they refused to explore or articulate alternative courses of action,’ Shapiro said. He continued: ‘Norfolk Southern injected unnecessary risk into this crisis. And they created confusion in this process.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.    