Graham Potter admits Chelsea enjoyed a ‘little bit of luck’ as they scored a retaken penalty in a huge 2-0 win over Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday night to progress to the quarter-finals of the Champions League. The Blues recovered from a 1-0 defeat in Dortmund in the first leg and turned in an impressive performance to progress 2-1 on aggregate thanks to goals from Raheem Sterling and Kai Havertz. The second goal was somewhat controversial as Havertz scored from the penalty spot after missing his first effort from 12 yards. Chelsea were quite fortunate to get a penalty in the first place, with Marius Wolf harshly penalised for handball from a Ben Chilwell cross. Havertz saw his penalty kick hit the post, rebound and cleared by Dortmund midfielder Salih Ozcan. However, replays showed that Ozcan had encroached before the kick was taken so Havertz got another go and found the back of the net. Potter admitted that it was very fortunate for his side, while he also didn’t know a lot about what was going on during the incident. ‘Not a massive amount, to be honest, I knew they’d encroached,’ Potter told BT Sport. ‘Our assistant, who’s better with the rules than me, he explained that they’d encroached and we got a little bit of luck there.’ On whether Havertz was always going to take the second spot-kick after missing the first, Potter explained: ‘It was him or Reece, to be honest, but sometimes they’ve just got to feel it on the pitch and decide between them. ‘Obviously we’ve got confidence in Kai, even though he missed one. I was just delighted, even though I wasn’t watching it, when I heard the roar.’ After beating Leeds in the Premier League at the weekend it is now back-to-back wins for Chelsea after a really bad run of results, and Potter was thrilled with the win. ‘There is a lot of emotion in the end,’ he said. ‘It was tense in the end but the boys played fantastic. I am delighted for them to get the win and great for everyone here.’ MORE : Chelsea book spot in Champions League quarter-finals after penalty controversy in win v Borussia Dortmund MORE : Chelsea vs Borussia Dortmund delayed by 10 minutes as Edin Terzic admits ‘disturbing’ build-up For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 