Manchester United are sweating over the fitness of Raphael Varane ahead of Sunday afternoon’s trip to face Liverpool and the defender will undergo a late fitness test, according to reports. After an injury-plagued first season at the club, the experienced Frenchman has enjoyed much more consistent game time this season and formed an excellent understanding with summer signing Lisandro Martinez. United have faced a gruelling fixture schedule since the turn of the year, competing in four competitions, but manager Erik ten Hag had been rotating his squad to keep everyone fit and fresh. Varane was used in the Carabao Cup final and both legs of the Europa League win over Barcelona, though he sat out comfortable wins over Leeds – at Elland Road – and Leicester. Ten Hag had been hoping to bring the 29-year-old back into the Premier League starting XI for the first time since February 8 for Sunday’s massive showdown with Liverpool at Anfield. However, according to the Daily Mail, Varane has been complaining of leg pain in recent days and will require a late fitness test. Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof are on standby to come into the defence and partner Martinez, with Varane to be assessed one last time after breakfast before a decision is made. United are hopeful Varane will be passed fit to play, while rather less demanding home matches against Real Betis and Southampton over the next week give Ten Hag the opportunity to rest the former Real Madrid star if required. Varane retired from international football earlier this year as he revealed he was struggling to deal with football’s ‘overloaded schedules’, even saying he felt like he was ‘suffocating’ with the amount of football he was being asked to play. Ten Hag has been delighted with the leadership and winning mentality the likes of Varane and Casemiro have brought to Old Trafford since leaving the Bernabeu. Speaking about the Brazilian ahead of facing Liverpool, he said: ‘I knew what a magnificent player he was. Just look at his profile, all the cups he’s won, that’s not a coincidence. Varane and Casemiro won five Champions Leagues, that’s not a coincidence. ‘For me it’s always the same, you have players who win, and who win always, and players who lose and are always losing. You have to do your research and find the type who will win and who are cooperative in the dressing room, to be humble, but when on the pitch they take responsibility.’ MORE : Rio Ferdinand insists Jude Bellingham should choose Manchester United over Liverpool MORE : Rio Ferdinand names two strikers who would be perfect for Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 