Boris Johnson did not knowingly mislead Parliament over Partygate, a senior Tory minister has claimed. Chris Heaton-Harris launched a staunch defence of the former prime minister today after a Privileges Committee report found evidence that strongly suggested breaches of Covid rules would have been ‘obvious’ to Mr Johnson. The Northern Ireland Secretary, who was chief whip under Mr Johnson, said he ‘does not believe for one second’ that he misled MPs. He told Sky News Mr Johnson is ‘100%’ a man of integrity, adding: ‘I do not believe for one second Boris knowingly misled Parliament. ‘I don’t think he will be found to have misled Parliament. ‘In this country, you’re innocent until you’re proven guilty. I’m absolutely convinced Boris did not knowingly mislead Parliament.’ He repeated his comments to the BBC, but was pressed on whether they were an official Government response. Mr Heaton-Harris replied: ‘I don’t think there’s a Government official position. There’s a parliamentary process going on. And I think we would wait to see what came out of that parliamentary process.’ The cross-party committee inquiry said the Commons may have been misled at least four times, with MPs set to cross-examine the former PM later this month. Mr Johnson claimed the inquiry’s preliminary report showed he was being ‘vindicated’, while he and his allies have sought to cast doubt on Sue Gray’s own report following the civil servant’s surprise move to Keir Starmer’s office. According to the written evidence, Mr Johnson remarked that a mid-pandemic leaving party in No 10 was ‘probably the most unsocially distanced gathering in the UK right now’. WhatsApp messages given to the inquiry show advisers ‘struggling’ with how parties were within the rules, with one conceding an excuse ‘blows another great gaping hole in the PM’s account’. The committee said: ‘The evidence strongly suggests that breaches of guidance would have been obvious to Mr Johnson at the time he was at the gatherings. ‘There is evidence that those who were advising Mr Johnson about what to say to the press and in the House were themselves struggling to contend that some gatherings were within the rules.’ Mr Johnson is expected to give oral evidence as part of the inquiry, in a session broadcast live on television. The former PM received one of the 126 fines issued by Scotland Yard over lockdown-busting parties in Downing Street and Whitehall. If found to have lied to Parliament, he could be suspended and forced to face a by-election. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.