‘Why did Bill Nighy take a miniature rabbit to the Oscars?’, the whole internet has been asking. Well, we finally have our answer and it’s the most precious story you’ll hear all week. The movie star, 73, attended the annual starry bash after being nominated for the first time for his role in Living. Alas, he didn’t win, as the gong went Brendan Fraser for The Whale – but something tells us Bill wasn’t distraught, given that he had his bunny to keep him company. The Love Actually icon had us all scratching our heads when he proudly showed off what appeared to be a stained Sylvanian family toy on the carpet, with Twitter users asking whether it was covered in ketchup, marker pen, or, erm, blood… ‘Is there a reason Bill Nighy is carrying around a murdered (?) Sylvanian bunny’, one Twitter user wrote, alongside a snap of Bill at the event. ‘Someone tell me the story behind Bill Nighy’s lil bunny please’, another demanded. Now we can do just that, as representatives for the actor have revealed that not even the Oscars can get grandad out of bunny-sitting duties. ‘My granddaughter’s schedule intensified and I was charged with rabbit-sitting responsibilities,’ Bill said in a statement to Metro.co.uk. ‘I wasn’t prepared to leave her unattended in a hotel room. The stakes are too high. ‘Where I go, she goes…’ Honestly, our hearts will never recover from how adorable this whole thing is. Elsewhere at the 2023 Oscars (because apparently other things happened that didn’t involve Bill’s bunny?), it was a big night for Everything Everywhere All At Once. The flick scooped a huge seven awards after receiving 11 nominations. They even took home the coveted best film trophy. Meanwhile, Michelle Yeoh was awarded best actress, Jamie Lee Curtis earned her first Oscar for best supporting actress, and awards season favourite Ke Huy Quan continued his winning streak by netting best supporting actor. Hosted by Jimmy Kimmel for the third consecutive year, there were no slaps in sight this time around. Although, the presenter couldn’t help but make reference to last year’s scuffle in his monologue. The 55-year-old said: ‘Five Irish actors are nominated tonight, which meant the odds of another fight onstage just went way up.’ In a second quip, he continued: ‘We want you to have fun, we want you to be safe and we want me to be safe. ‘If any person in this theatre commits an act of violence, you will be awarded best actor and be allowed to give a 19-minute speech. ‘Seriously, the Academy has a crisis team in place. If anything unpredictable or violent happens during the ceremony, just do what you did last year – nothing. ‘Maybe even give the assailant a hug.’ MORE : Fans’ funniest reactions as Tems stole show with outlandish view-blocking Oscars dress MORE : Paul Mescal and Daisy Edgar-Jones take adorable Normal People reunion selfie at Oscars  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 