Red Dwarf could be making a comeback to our screens following the resolution of an ongoing legal dispute. The science fiction comedy followed technician Dave (Craig Charles) who awakens after three million years to discover that he is the last surviving human. The cult drama aired on BBC Two between 1988 and 1999 and later on Dave, with the last installment, film The Promised Land, broadcast in 2020. However, in 2021, the future of Red Dwarf was left unclear when creators Doug Naylor and Rob Grant were involved in a court case. Naylor launched a High Court action against Grant over rights to the show, having dissolved their partnership in the mid-1990s. Since that period, the pair had written the show individually or with other collaborators. But fans can now breathe a sigh of relief as the duo have reached an agreement, according to a statement published by production company Grant Naylor. It reads: ‘Rob Grant and Doug Naylor are delighted to announce that the ongoing dispute over the Red Dwarf rights has been resolved. ‘Moving onwards and upwards, Rob and Doug hope to launch separate iterations of Red Dwarf across various media, working again with the cast and other valued partners, and wish each other the very best. ‘Smoke a kipper, Red Dwarf will be back for breakfast!!’ Craig has previously told Metro.co.uk of his shock at the success of Red Dwarf. He said: ‘We originally thought it would be a quaint BBC2  sitcom that would last two series. Now we’ve done more than 60 episodes. ‘Our concern was messing with the legacy. We didn’t want to come back and for it not to be funny, and we were happy it worked.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Fiona Allen teases Smack the Pony reboot 20 years after original series scrapped MORE : AJ Odudu drops biggest hint yet she’s hosting Big Brother 