Ghislaine Maxwell has launched an appeal against her sex trafficking conviction, claiming she was jailed to satisfy ‘public outrage’. The disgraced socialite is currently serving a 20-year sentence in a Florida prison for grooming girls for her former friend and lover Jeffrey Epstein. In her appeal she claims she should have been protected by a 2007 non-prosecution agreement between Epstein and the state of Florida related to alleged abuse at his Palm Beach mansion. The appeal argues the agreement shielded ‘potential co-conspirators’ from prosecution. She went on to argue the charges against her should have been blocked by a five-year statute of limitations, a legal mechanism which effectively makes allegations ‘expire’ after a certain amount of time. Maxwell also once more raised her claims that her conviction was prejudiced by a juror who failed to disclose before trial that he had been sexually abused as a child and used his experience to sway other jurors. Scotty David, who was juror 50, has admitted to wrongly ticking ‘no’ on a questionnaire which asked whether he had been a victim of abuse but insisted it was an ‘honest mistake’ as he was ‘distracted’ at the time. Maxwell’s appeal also claims U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan, who oversaw the trial, made a slew of errors in directing the jury. Most of the arguments have been previously rejected after being made by her lawyers before, during and after the trial. For example, Ms Nathan found the 2007 agreement did not bind prosecutors, and that the charges were timely under a 2003 law concerning child sex abuse. She also concluded Mr David’s failure was ‘unfortunate but not deliberate’ and that he ‘harboured no bias toward the defendant’. Maxwell’s appeal also raised a number of other issues that allegedly made her trial unfair. It claims new allegations were deliberately ‘developed’ after prosecutors ‘joined forces’ with civil lawyers who wanted to sue Maxwell for large sums off the back of her conviction. It also claims her ‘deplorable’ conditions in jail made her ‘so disoriented and diminished’ that she could not meaningfully aid her defence. Maxwell and her lawyers have previously claimed she was subjected to raw sewage, water deprivation, sleep deprivation and ‘hyper-surveillance’ while in custody in New York awaiting trial. She was convicted on five counts of recruiting and grooming four girls for abuse by Epstein between 1994 and 2004. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.