England footballer Kyle Walker has allegedly been caught on camera exposing himself at a bar. The Manchester City right-back, who is married to Annie Kilner, 30, also kissed an unidentified blonde woman and fondled her breasts, according to a new report. The ‘disturbing’ behaviour is said to have happened as he drank with friends at a bar in Manchester on Sunday evening, following his team’s victory against Newcastle United. Although Walker could claim the alleged incident was a joke, police could choose to question him for indecent exposure – which can see offenders get a two-year prison sentence. The 32-year-old ‘pawed’ at the woman’s breasts shortly after getting to the bar around 5.20pm, The Sun claims. He is said to have laughed as he appeared to drop his tracksuit bottoms to two women in his group, one of whom ‘shrieked and pointed’. Ten minutes later, he seemingly kissed one of the women, before another grinded up against him on the dance floor. He is accused of exposing himself again, feet from two unconnected women who were having a drink together. The £150,000-a-week player left the bar at 6.40pm, but apparently returned minutes later as he forgot to pay the £250 tab. He then left with his group in a blacked-out minibus. Teresa Parker, from Women’s Aid, has said: ‘Whether done to shock, for a so-called laugh, or to intimidate, for those affected by indecent exposure there can be long-term effects, upset and trauma. ‘It can give the person exposing themselves a sense of power in the situation.’ If there are no repercussions, it could ‘possibly give them the confidence to see what they can get away with next time’, she added. An unidentified source told the Sun that the video was ‘really disturbing’ and ‘deeply concerning’. Under the Sexual Offences Act 2003, a person commits indecent exposure if they intentionally expose their genitals, intending that someone will see them and be caused alarm or distress. The common law offence of outraging public decency is committed when a person does a ‘lewd, obscene or disgusting’ act while at least two members of the public are present. Walker has a 12-year romance with teenage sweetheart Annie but it’s been a rocky road for the pair. The model broke up with him in 2019 after an alleged string of romps with reality TV star Laura Brown. They soon reunited but split again the following year when model Lauryn Goodman announced she was pregnant with his child. Walker was forced to apologise when he held a sex party with two escorts at his flat during the Covid lockdown, days after urging people to stay at home to help the NHS. After Annie took him back, the pair married at the end of 2021. They have three sons Roman, ten, Riaan, six, and Reign, 4, while Walker shares two-year-old Kairo with Lauryn. Walker’s representatives have been contacted for comment. Manchester City declined to comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.