The stars quite literally aligned on Friday when A-listers Courteney Cox, Jennifer Aniston, Jason Bateman and Jimmy Kimmel stepped out in LA together. The group was spotted hanging out outside Horses, a restaurant popular with celebs, and the foursome was joined by Jimmy’s wife Molly McNearney, who turned 44 today. Jen and co chatted away while seemingly waiting to be seated inside the eatery and everyone in attendance nailed casual-cool. Friends stars Jennifer and Courteney, 54 and 58 respectively, looked chic in all-black looks, while Jason, 54, rocked a trendy suede jacket and 55-year-old chat show host Jimmy looked suave in a blazer and smart trousers. It comes after Jennifer joined Courteney at her Walk of Fame ceremony in the City of Angels earlier this week. Long-time friends Laura Dern and Lisa Kudrow were also in attendance, as was Scream star Courteney’s daughter Coco Arquette and partner Johnny McDaid. Both Jennifer and Lisa, 59, delivered a touching speech, noting that they’d known their Friends co-star for nearly three decades. ‘We’re very honoured to be here today to speak on your behalf, as your co-workers, friends, family, your sisters. We’ve known you for a very long time,’ said Jennifer. ‘To be friends with Courteney is to be family with Courteney, and she is responsible for all of that,’ Jennifer continued, according to Entertainment Weekly. ‘From the beginning of when we met her, she was immediately inclusive, warm, loving, interested in everything about you. And I was really nervous to meet her because I was a huge fan.’ Addressing those in attendance, Courteney spoke fondly of her time on Friends and the close friendships the show granted her. She said in part: ‘Friends taught me the importance of camaraderie and really sticking together. ‘These friendships were at the most important time in my life, and we went through so many things together.’ Courteney’s daughter Coco – who she shares with ex-husband David Arquette – planted a kiss on her mum’s cheek while the doting mum’s Snow Patrol singer boyfriend Johnny also cosied up to her. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Spencer Matthews documentary Finding Michael delayed ‘due to footage of dead bodies’ MORE : Ed Sheeran parties with Snoop Dogg and Russell Crowe backstage at tour show in Australia 