Roy Keane claims Declan Rice has shown a lack of progression at West Ham this season and believes the midfielder ‘needs to do a lot more’ in order to warrant a big-money move to Arsenal, Chelsea or Manchester United this summer. The 24-year-old has made it clear that he wants to be playing Champions League football and is not short of options with several Premier League clubs keen on a deal this summer. It’s understood that Arsenal have made the England international one of their top midfield targets for the next transfer window, while West Ham are holding out for at least £80 million. But Keane feels Rice needs to have a bigger impact for West Ham in order to justify such a major price tag. ‘Obviously he’s got to focus on doing well for West Ham between now and the rest of the season,’ Keane told ITV Sport. ‘I don’t think he’s been great this season, I really don’t. I think he’s not really kicked on. ‘For all the talk about him, a lot of good PR coming out of West Ham about how much he’s worth, I think he needs to do a lot more. ‘Doesn’t score enough goals, doesn’t get enough assists. Former Arsenal striker Ian Wright, working alongside Keane for West Ham’s FA Cup tie against Manchester United at Old Trafford on Wednesday evening, then said, ‘wow’, to which Keane replied: ‘Do you disagree? That’s good. ‘I hope you disagree with me because I think I know what I’m talking about, I played in midfield. He needs to do a lot more. See what he’s like tonight. ‘I’ve been a fan of him, he turns up every week, he’s always fit, but I just want a bit more from him. ‘If there’s talk of him leaving for big money and going to one of the bigger clubs who will be competing for trophies, playing in the Champions League, he needs to do a lot more, it’s as simple as that. ‘I’ll look at him closely tonight and say, ‘listen, you’ve got to turn up’. Sometimes I see him in games for West Ham, I’m not saying he’s playing badly, but sometimes you just go through the motions, [passing] sideways, backwards, taking the easy option. ‘I think he needs to do a lot more, I think, to match some of the other top midfielders in the country.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 