When you go through a breakup, the old adage says there are three sides to the story: yours, theirs and the truth. And in the age of social media this can cause issues, especially if your ex seems hell bent on rehashing the details with all and sundry online. The recent celebrity divorce drama between country stars Kelsea Ballerini and Morgan Evans has taken TikTok by storm, after both released songs claiming to detail their version of events. Kelsea then appeared on the Call Her Daddy podcast, claiming to be upset by Morgan’s music, while also discussing when she fell out of love with him. But this public back and fourth is experienced by many of us every day, albeit on a much smaller scale, if we go through a breakup and an ex has a very limited online filter. So, how do you navigate the situation if a loose lipped ex is posting details you’re not comfortable with, or that you strongly believe are untrue? Clinical psychologist Dr Marianne Trent tells Metro.co.uk that this situation can be painful because it represents an ‘invasion of privacy’, particularly if they’re airing details that were sacrosanct in your relationship. ‘You were only sharing those details of yourself because you were in this committed relationship and it’s a consent issue. It’s not an informed consent,’ she says. ‘If I share these deeply private things about myself and we experience these things as a relationship and a committed couple, is it really informed consent if you think that could be used against you at any time? ‘Would you have done that? Probably not, because we are allowed to have private lives.’ It can hurt if you feel like your ex is spreading information about you that isn’t true, or a version of events you feel isn’t accurate. Morgan Evans sang ‘[I would’ve] took a flight, through the night to be that shoulder for you’ while Kelsea fired back with ‘but you never took that last flight to see me’ in her song Mountain With A View. They both clearly have a different version of events and Marianne highlights that this is common following relationship conflict. ‘What we know is that we can be in the same conversation and come away with different memories of what just happened. Does it matter?’ she asks. ‘In the public eye it definitely feels like it does, but we also know that things usually settle down and blow over and when we’re able to have time away we often will feel very differently about things.’ Having the ins and outs of your relationship laid bare in a public forum can extend the emotional trauma of a breakup, she adds, so it’s normal if this interaction leaves you feeling ‘a bit sensitive and a bit wrung out and a bit vulnerable’. So, what should your next move be if you’ve spotted something like this online? Trying to ignore it may be the best move. ‘You can’t really be involved in a one-sided fight, so you might decide to protect yourself by removing yourself from that situation and it might well be that things settle down quicker as a result of that,’ Marianne says. ‘You don’t have to engage if you don’t want to ‘If it becomes defamation of character then you might want to consider whether that becomes a legal issue.’ Marianne also points out that you need to recognise what emotion you’re feeling, so you know when to speak and when not to. ‘We don’t always need to react with the angry part of ourselves. The angry part of ourselves is going to want to throw harsh words at people but actually there’s a more balanced and compassionate perspective,’ she says. ‘Allow yourself to reconnect with the core feelings of sadness and anxiety and compassion and anger. ‘When we connect to the other parts of ourselves – the parts that feels vulnerable or sad or weak and embarrassed – sometimes you’ll realise the right thing to do right now is to not engage.’ When you’ve taken a moment to let the initial anger subside, you might want to contact your ex privately to express how their post has made you feel and to request that they take it down. If you’ve come to terms with the fact you may need to cut someone off in your life, there are also ways to cope with that too. In our increasingly online world, many couples have also inhabited a shared public persona, points out Marianne, through the medium of appearing on each other’s feeds. This can increase the difficulty of a public break up, because it feels like people know you as a couple, not just individuals. Marianne says that, despite the hurt you may be feeling, ultimately it’s about being in control of yourself. ‘It’s difficult, especially if you’ve had a shared public persona in the past and it’ll be different for individual people,’ she says. ‘You need to do what feels right for you at that time, which allows you to feel like you are in control of your actions, so you don’t feel ashamed of your actions.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Corsets dominated the Oscars 2023 red carpet – here’s how to get the look MORE : Oscars 2023: How to handle disappointment when things don’t go your way MORE : White hot: The best white and silver looks from the Oscars 2023