Wheelchair racer Abby Cook has been announced as the latest presenter to join the Blue Peter line-up. The 20-year-old is due to make her debut on the longest-running children’s TV show in the world on Friday March 10 on CBBC and BBC iPlayer, having grown up watching the programme. Recalling the moment she found out that she’d been chosen for the role, Abby said: ‘I was speechless when I found out, I had to check it was true, it was a very emotional moment knowing I would actually be presenting a show I love and had grown up with.’ Having earned straight As at school, Abby studied Applied Biological Science at college before working with Valley Disability Sport, which works to help young people who are disabled and non-disabled to enjoy being active together. She also works with Scottish Disability Sport as a mental health project administrator, and she trains twice a week as a wheelchair racer with Paralympians as part of the Forth Valley Flyers. Abby opened up about how much of an impact Blue Peter had on her as a child, sharing that Helen Skelton and Barney Harwood were her ‘era’. ‘I also became obsessed with watching “You Decide” when the public got to choose the latest presenter and they picked Lindsey [Russell],’ she recollected. ‘I remember thinking what a great role model she was, she had never presented before but here was this strong woman going on the show and doing an amazing job. I’m hoping to do the same because I know what a lasting impression the presenters can have on the audience.’ Abby is going to be taking on a huge first challenge, abseiling down Millers Dale Viaduct in the Yorkshire Dales National Park despite her fear of heights. ‘When Abby came to the studio, we knew she would be great for the show because she has an unstoppable “can do” attitude,’ said Blue Peter editor Ellen Evans. ‘She’s up for any challenge and we know she’ll connect beautifully with our audience because she has a real affinity for working with young people, but she also has the biggest of hearts.’ Abby boasts many skills, including pottery and embroidery, and has a huge passion for animals. She’s also a musician, playing the electric and bass guitar, as well demonstrating her Ukulele-playing skills in her audition. Blue Peter airs on CBBC every Friday at 5pm and is available on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Magician Joel Mawhinney confirmed as next Blue Peter presenter and hopes to charm audience ‘with magic’ MORE : Derry YouTube star and Blue Peter presenter Adam B comes out as gay in emotional video: ‘I can finally breathe’ 