Billi Mucklow has claimed a woman snatched a mobile phone out of her two-year-old daughter’s hands and made off with the device. The TOWIE star, 32, said the incident occurred at Westfield in Stratford on Sunday and left her daughter ‘screaming and crying’. Billi’s footballer husband Andy Carroll also shared his outrage over the alleged theft, which left mum-of-three Billi feeling ‘sick to her stomach’. Also accusing the shopping centre’s security of failing to assist, Billi wrote on Instagram over the weekend: ‘Today I went to Westfield Stratford. Marvel was sitting in her pram watching my phone, some dirty scumbag grabbed my phone [and Marvel] screamed, crying [and said] “Lady took my phone”. ‘[I] looked up to see someone running off. She was screaming [so] they obviously grabbed it from her and she wouldn’t let go and then they must of snatched it out her hands.’ She went on: ‘How dare someone touch my baby, I’ve never felt so sick to my stomach that someone had gone near her couldn’t give a f**k about my phone. ‘Security wasn’t interested, no one was interested in helping me. So everyone be careful when your in there I defiantly won’t be rushing back! @westfieldstratfordcity.’ [sic] Also taking to the social media platform, Andy, 31, fumed: ‘SOME ABSOLUTE SCUMBAG WOMEN HAS JUST RIPPED @BILLIMUCKLOW PHONE OUT OF OUR BABIES HAND IN WESTFIELD STRATFORD @WESTFIELDSTRATFORDCITY MARVEL WAS SITTING IN HER PUSHCHAIR AND STARTED SCREAMING WHEN THE 1 WOMEN ATTACKED AND RAN OFF!!!!’ He added: ‘SECURITY HAVE SAID IT HAPPENS EVERYDAY.’ [sic] The couple have been together for nine years and share three children in total – also being doting parents to Arlo, seven, and Wolf, five. Last summer, Billi and Andy tied the knot shortly after he was in bed with a woman during his stag do in Dubai. In June, Andy confirmed he and Billi were now husband and wife by sharing a photo of them sharing a kiss. Billi looked gorgeous in a white gown and veil, clutching a bouquet of flowers, while Andy looked dapper as he suited up. The pair’s future was left uncertain when the footballer was pictured asleep with a woman, who later identified herself as Taylor Jane Wilkey, on his bed. Taylor has since claimed nothing happened between them. Reacting after her selfies went viral, she told the Sun: ‘It was all just a bit of entirely innocent fun,’ adding: ‘I didn’t sleep with him, it wasn’t like that, there was three of us in the room.’ Taylor claimed that ‘Andy was steaming’ and got into bed at the hotel where he ‘passed out’ while the women remained in his room until the early hours and ‘took the photo as a joke’. She reiterated: ‘Nothing sexual happened. It was just a bit of banter,’ adding: ‘At the end of the day nothing happened that should ruin his relationship. It was just a bit of fun.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to the Met Police and Westfield Stratford for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Middleton looks sophisticated in matching jacket and skirt combination for Commonwealth Service MORE : Gigi Hadid among stars munching on In-N-Out burgers during Vanity Fair Oscars afterparty 