A laundry delivery driver could face a whopping 81 penalty points after being caught speeding 22 times in just three weeks. Peter McPherson, 58, who lives in Wembley, racked up the points during shifts for Galicia Laundry services company. He has admitted committing the offences on a 30mph stretch of the A40 Westway flyover between July 15 and August 1, 2022. On July 15 alone, he was caught out by cameras four times. A temporary restriction of 30mph was put in place on the A40 due to road works back in 2020 but this has since been made permanent. McPherson’s lawyers pointed out that he already has seven points on his licence and conceded that he now faces up to 81. Drivers who rack up 12 points are normally automatically banned from driving. However, the driver argued no longer being able to use his van would cause ‘exceptional hardship’ after working for the company since he was 16. The business, based in Park Royal, west London, provides linen, towels and clothing to hotels, spas and restaurants in London. He told the Evening Standard he was ‘gutted’ about facing the ban. McPherson continued: ‘I’ve been driving on that stretch of road for many years. I was so shocked when all these fines were sent to me at work. There was a whole pile of them. ‘If I lose my job I don’t know what I am going to do. I’ve never been inside a court before so I’m very nervous, but I am going to court to ask not to have a ban as it will cause me hardship. ‘I’ve been at the firm for my whole adult life and driven without problems. They were sent the fines because it’s a work van. Everything changed in such a short period of to me,’ he added. He admitted to breaking the speed limit on Westway between Terrick Street, White City and Paddington Green, at speeds ranging from 35 to 41mph. Solicitors from Patterson Law told Willesden magistrates confirmed McPherson would be entering a guilty plea. They continued: ‘In accordance with Schedule 2 Road Traffic Offenders Act for the offences of speeding our client will be at risk of 71 to 81 points. At the time of the offence our client had seven points, so will be at risk of a six-month disqualification for totting 12 or more points during a three-year period. ‘Our client intends to attend court and present an exceptional hardship argument.’ The case is set to go to an open court procedure on May 17. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.