Stan Moody takes on Ronnie O’Sullivan at the Six Reds World Championship this week and the teenager has revenge on his mind after a memorable, but heart-breaking first meeting with the Rocket. One of the brightest young talents in the sport, Moody won the WSF Junior Championship last month, booking himself a spot on the professional tour for the next two seasons. Many are very excited about the 16-year-old and have been for a while, having proved himself to be a top prospect for a number of years already. When he was just 13 years old, Moody took on O’Sullivan at an exhibition at Levels in Huddersfield and looked to be getting the better of the Rocket, only for the GOAT to snatch victory away from him in painful fashion. The pair meet again in Thailand on Wednesday, and the Yorkshireman is hoping for a bit of revenge for that tear-jerking evening of three years ago. ‘I’m looking forward to playing Ronnie,’ Moody told Metro.co.uk. ‘I played him in an exhibition when I was 13. I got 60 in front and he cleared up with 61, so I’ll try and get some revenge. ‘I was actually crying at the end of it, I know that sounds bad but I was so disappointed. But I thought then, I’ll get him back one day.’ Moody is now gearing up for his first crack at the professional tour and this trip to Thailand for the Six Reds will be valuable experience of playing big names in front of big crowds. A hero to many players, O’Sullivan has been something of an idol for Moody, but he says that any of those feelings have already gone as he sees other players as rivals rather than anyone to be in awe of. ‘When I were younger, but now not so much,’ Stan said of Ronnie being a hero to him. ‘Not in a disrespectful way but he’s just another player now. ‘He’s the greatest ever, I’d love to be like him one day, but he’s my enemy now so I can’t view him like that.’ Few will have seen much of Moody in action and will be looking forward to the chance to watch him at the Six Reds, and then at the upcoming World Championship qualifiers in Sheffield as he has earned an invite to compete. He sounds keen to entertain the fans when he gets the chance, likening his style of play to the man behind Naughty Snooker. ‘I think I’m similar to Judd,’ he said. ‘I don’t go for too many silly shots but I am attacking, I like to do the exhibition stuff at the end of frames.’ Moody and O’Sullivan play on Wednesday in Thailand, but it will be an early start for those in the UK, with coverage on Eurosport from 6.30am. MORE : Thailand’s Siripaporn Nuanthakhamjan wins Women’s World Snooker Championship MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan and Mark Allen attract huge crowds as they head to Hungary for exhibition For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 