Martin Keown has told Manchester United they have no right to be ‘confident’ ahead of their trip to Liverpool at Anfield and expects the hosts to produce a ‘really good’ performance. Belief is high in the United camp as they prepare to face rivals Liverpool on Sunday, with Erik ten Hag’s side winning the EFL Cup last weekend and securing the club’s first trophy since 2017. Manchester United only finished sixth last season but have climbed to third this term, six points behind Manchester City and 11 behind Arsenal with a game in hand over both. Liverpool, meanwhile, have struggled for consistency this season and are still six points outside the Champions League places despite winning three of their last four league games. While Sunday may represent a good chance for Manchester United to secure an uplifting victory on enemy soil, Arsenal legend Keown expects Liverpool to raise their game. ‘I just think this is a great game for Liverpool because they can try and put their season right in almost one game here,’ Keown said on talkSPORT. ‘Liverpool haven’t been great this season, they’re in a temporary blip I think, but look what they’ve done in recent years.  ‘Maybe there was a bit of burn-out there but they’ve had a good rest and a good look at this fixture. I think they’re going to be in really good form on Sunday. ‘The atmosphere in that stadium will be incredible. Liverpool beat Wolves last time out, they drew to Crystal Palace away, they beat Newcastle and Everton… they’re on a little run and this is a huge game for them. ‘Manchester United think they’re coming back and there’s a lot of confidence there, but this is so new to them that I don’t think they can be that confident of going there and winning at Anfield.’ Liverpool have no new injury concerns for the visit of Manchester United, who will assess Luke Shaw after he missed the recent FA Cup win over West Ham. Jadon Sancho missed that match through illness but could return at Anfield. MORE : Danny Murphy reveals who Frenkie de Jong would replace at Manchester United MORE : Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher reacts to Roberto Firmino transfer rumours For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 