Jussie Smollett has filed an appeal against his conviction after he was jailed for falsely claiming that he was the victim of a hate crime, it has been claimed. The Empire actor was convicted of lying to police after allegedly fabricating a racist and homophobic attack in January, 2019. He was sentenced to 150 days behind bars, before leaving the facility six days after he surrendered to prison. According to reports, his attorneys submitted an appeal in which they argued that trial judge James Linn made a string of errors, and claimed that the 150-day sentence was excessive. In paperwork obtained by Variety, they alleged that ‘inappropriate comments’ made during the trial affected the jury’s ability to provide an unbiased verdict, and suggested that Linn ‘sought to hurry along’ parts of their defense during cross-examination. They also argued that his closing comments ‘took on a personal retributive tone and was based on speculative information’. In 2019, the Jamal Lyon actor told police officers that he had been attacked by two men wearing ski masks in Chicago, alleging that they yelled homophobic and racist slurs at him. He claimed that they told him that he was in ‘MAGA country’, and put a noose around his neck. During the investigation, officers soon turned their attention into Smollett, who was accused of paying two men to carry out the attack, instructing them on what to say. A jury convicted him in December, 2021, on five felony counts of lying to the police and he jailed last year – but was released on March 16 after serving six days of his sentence. Smollett has always maintained his innocence and vowed to appeal the conviction. He returned to the spotlight last June at the BET Awards, held in LA, and reflected on his decision to appear at the event. Addressing those who had stood by him over the last few years, he told Entertainment Tonight on the red carpet: ‘I tell them, with all my heart, just thank you. ‘They never waivered, they never straddled the fence, and for that I am forever grateful. I don’t take that lightly, I don’t take it lightly for a moment. ‘My family, my friends, the true ones, if I never get to hug you in person, know that there’s a hug in my heart that I genuinely mean.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Smollett’s reps and lawyers for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grammy-winning jazz saxophone icon Wayne Shorter dies aged 89 MORE : Piers Morgan accuses Dan Walker of ‘milking’ horror bike accident – and Twitter is appalled  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 