Former Love Island contestant Zara McDermott has been told by her doctor that she has Raynaud’s after seeking advice when her fingers started turning ‘white’. Raynaud’s is a condition that affects blood circulation. It causes some areas of the body to feel cold, sore or numb, or change colour. Those with Raynaud’s can help ease symptoms by keeping warm during cold weather and finding ways to relax, since stress can lead to a flare up. Some people also need medication. Primary Raynaud’s usually begins in your 20s or 30s and is slightly more common in women than men, with Zara turning to her fans for tips. Zara, 26, began in a video on her Instagram Story: ‘Hello guys, I hope you’re all good. Oh my gosh, look at the state of me,’ filming herself in bed, wearing her pyjamas. ‘I actually have a really bizarre question to ask some of you, if you know the answer. So, recently, I mean, I wasn’t diagnosed, I told my GP about my fingers going white in changes of temperature. ‘They will go completely numb and it’s the most awful sensation. Like, I can’t even explain. A lot of people actually have this, when you literally feel like you have a hole in your finger. It’s awful.’ ‘Anyway,’ she continued. ‘I have never associated my facial flushing, I always thought I had mild rosacea. Anyway, long story short, I got told that I have something called Raynaud’s.’ The TV star then asked her fans whether she should use anti-redness creams, keen to learn of any other remedies. In a further update, she said she debated re-filming a sponsored video because of how ‘conscious’ she felt of her facial flushing. ‘It’s got a little bit worse recently and its showing up a little bit more. A lot of you have suggested about looking into autoimmune conditions,’ she continued. ‘Because this can be the two things that come hand in hand the Raynaud’s and the facial flushing. ‘But to be honest, I don’t have any symptoms at all. I would just be looking for something wrong with me at this point. ‘A lot of you are saying you can go on medication for the Raynaud’s. I don’t think it’s that bad I just wondered if there was a cream I could put on my face. ‘The Raynaud’s is not in a good space at the moment. I couldn’t text because my hands were so white and I’m dreading filming outside.’ Zara’s query to fans comes after she was left with a facial injury after being knocked over by an electric bike. She said the incident happened on a busy road and no one stopped to help her, as a result, she was left with a red mark across her cheek. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hailey Bieber marks one year since surviving ‘life-changing’ mini stroke which led to discovery of hole in her heart MORE : Avril Lavigne and new flame Tyga continue being couple outfit goals during romantic dinner date 