RuPaul has shared a powerful message about the anti-drag legislation that’s currently sweeping the US. Republican lawmakers have not only attempted to clamp down on drag performances in public spaces, but also tried to ban children from attending drag performances. One example of the above is Tennessee Governor Bill Lee signing legislation that essentially criminalises drag performances in the state. In a powerful video shared on social media on Wednesday, RuPaul, 62, branded the legislation a ‘classic distraction technique’ while urging people to register to vote. With an American flag behind him, the Emmy-winner said: ‘Hey, look over there! A classic distraction technique, distracting us away from the real issues that they were voted into office to focus on: jobs, healthcare, keeping our children safe from harm at their own school.’ The Drag Race host went on: ‘But we know that bullies are incompetent at solving real issues. They look for easy targets so they can give the impression of being effective. ‘They think our love, our light, our laughter and our joy are signs of weakness. But they’re wrong because that is our strength.’ He continued: ‘Drag queens are the Marines of the queer movement. Don’t get it twisted and don’t be distracted. ‘Register to vote so we can get these stunt queens out of office and put some smart people with real solutions into government.’ The star concluded: ‘And by the way, a social media post has never been as powerful as a registered vote.’ At the time of writing, RuPaul’s video has already been viewed more than 229,000 times on Twitter. According to the Tennessean newspaper, Lee’s bill prohibits ‘adult cabaret performances in public and in front of children’. Included under the ‘cabaret’ umbrella are ‘topless dancers, go-go dancers, exotic dancers, strippers, male or female impersonators’. The bill’s critics have pointed out that it largely targets trans and gender non-conforming people. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Saunders shades Madonna as she insists she’s ‘not fighting’ ageing on Kathy Burke: Growing Up MORE : Stacey Solomon feels ‘f****d 100% of the time’ in candid update after giving birth  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 