Disgraced lawyer Alex Murdaugh was sentenced to two consecutive life sentences after being found guilty of murdering of his wife and son. Murdaugh appeared before Judge Clifton Newton handcuffed and wearing a tan prison jail uniform. Before his sentencing, he made a final statement before the court: ‘I’m innocent. I would never hurt my wife Maggie. I would never hurt my son Paul-Paul. Thank you.’ Prosecutor Creighton Waters asked the judge to give the convicted lawyer the maximum sentence: life in prison. ‘The depravity, the callousness, the selfishness of these crimes are stunning,’ Waters said. ‘Your honor, a man like that, a man like this man, should never be allowed to be among free, law abiding citizens.’ ‘This has been one of the most troubling cases, not just for me as a judge,’ Newton said before handing down his sentence. ‘You have a wife who has been killed, murdered, a son savagely murdered. A lawyer, a person from a respected family, who has controlled justice in this community for over a century. A person who’s grandfather’s portrait hangs at the back of the courthouse that I had to have ordered removed in order to ensure that a fair trial was had.’ Murdaugh is a member of a prominent South Carolina legal dynasty that included several former prosecutors who tried cases in the courtroom he was eventually found guilty in. State prosecutors had no physical evidence or witnesses tying Murdaugh to the crime, but they did collect circumstantial evidence against him – including a video found on his son Paul’s cell phone showing the disbarred lawyer at the crime scene 15 minutes before both victims stopped using their cell phones. The most moment that sealed Murdaugh’s fate most likely came when he took the witness stand himself and admitted to lying to investigators, prosecutors, and the judge about being at the crime scene before finding his wife and son’s bodies. Newton echoed Murdaugh’s own words back to him: ‘oh what tangled webs we weave. What did you mean by that?’ the judge asked the ex-lawyer. ‘I meant when I lied, I continued to lie,’ Murdaugh said. ‘And the question is when will it end?’ Newton responded. ‘It has ended already for the jury. They have concluded that you continued to lie and lie throughout your testimony.’ Newton questioned why Murdaugh continued to lie about being present at the crime scene for 20 months – even in front of him during a pretrial hearing. ‘At the last minute, you switched courses and admitted to being there. And that necessitated more lies, and you continued to lie,’ Newton said. The judge continued: ‘Within your own soul, you have to deal with that. And I know you have to see Paul and Maggie during the night time when you’re attempting to go to sleep. I’m sure they come and visit you.’ ‘All day and every night,’ Murdaugh replied. However, the convicted lawyer still continued to insist on his innocence: ‘I’ll tell you again. I respect this court, but I’m innocent. I would never, under any circumstances, hurt my wife Maggie. And I would never under any circumstances hurt my son Paul-Paul.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.