A man who died after being shot on the doorstep of his home in Inverclyde was the victim of a targeted attack, police have confirmed. Father-of-three Neil Canney, 37, was critically injured after a number of people in ‘dark clothing’ appeared at his home on Nairn Road in Greenock at about 01:15 on Tuesday. Mr Canney was rushed to hospital following the attack but succumbed to his injuries and died a short time later. No one else was injured in the attack but young children were present in the property at the time of the shooting, officers have confirmed. A local source told the Daily Record that the alleged killer was seen fleeing the scene on an electric scooter immediately after the shooting. It is understood there was a drugs raid on the street in recent weeks but it remains unclear if it is connected to the alleged shooting. Police have said they are ‘yet to establish’ a motive for the attack. Detective Superintendent Cameron Miller described the incident as ‘shocking’ and said: ‘Our thoughts are with Mr Canney’s family. ‘Extensive police inquiries are ongoing at this time and officers are gathering CCTV footage from the surrounding area.’ DS Miller said there would be an increased police presence throughout the area. ‘It is then believed that the group dispersed towards Angus Road,’ he added. ‘We’d be keen to hear from anyone who was in Nairn Road or the immediate vicinity between 12.50am and 1.15am who may have seen the suspects in the area or who may have dashcam footage from the street around that time.’ The incident has been described as ‘hugely traumatic’ for the family and friends of Mr Canney, DS Miller said, and he believes that the answer ‘lies within the local community’. ‘I would urge anyone with any information to come forward or supply this information to the police anonymously,’ he added. ‘I fully understand that the community may have concerns in sharing any information with the police but I want to give assurances that any information that is provided will be treated in confidence without the fear of personal information being disclosed. ‘This is an appalling crime and there is no place for this behaviour within any community. At the time of this incident there was young children present within the home address and the person responsible showed a total disregard for their safety. ‘I would ask the community to take this into consideration as people living locally will know who is responsible, and no matter how insignificant they believe the information they hold may be, to share it with police. ‘I would further ask that if anyone holds any video footage or images recorded on mobile phones, has information contained on social media such as SnapChat and Instagram amongst others to also share these with my team, which can also be done anonymously.’ Police have set up an incident caravan at Nairn Road and an information portal has also been set up for members of the public to submit any photos, videos or social media posts they feel may help. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.