Want to sell your house quickly and get the best price possible? Apparently, you need to do it within 14 days. Homes listed for longer than a fortnight steadily decrease in value, according to Terry Fisher, property manager at We Buy Any Home. After the two-month mark, most sellers will only achieve 91% of the asking price, which can cost homeowners an average of £20,000. Why tell you all this? It’s not to pile on the pressure, but to show the huge importance of nailing your listing from day one. Thankfully, it doesn’t require a huge amount of DIY, which can actually devalue your pad. Instead, small tweaks could make all the difference. To help, Terry has told Metro.co.uk the most common mistakes homeowners make when trying to sell – and how to avoid the pesky pitfalls. ‘Choosing the right time of year to list your home increases the chances of selling quickly,’ says Terry. ‘And the perfect time to sell is now, as research has shown that March is the best time to put your home on the market. ‘With spring comes better weather. More natural sunlight will make your home look its best. Plants and flowers start to bloom, which increases curb value, and will make gardens and outdoor space more desirable to buyers.’ However, Terry does note that sometimes, the timing is dependent on the property. ‘One or two bedroom flats are popular with young couples and first time buyers, and they might be more interested to buy in January and February,’ he explains. ‘Larger family homes might move quickly in the spring or autumn, but may not do so well in the busy summer holidays, as families will have less time for viewings.’ Terry notes that asking for too much is one of the top reasons your home can sit on the market for longer than necessary. ‘It’s important to know the market value of the property,’ he says. ‘Buyers will be comparing it to other properties in the area so make sure you do too. ‘Homes realistically priced in line with market values sell an average of 58 days quicker than overpriced properties. Also, on average, overpriced properties can sell for £12,000 less than the asking price, so really think about how much you want.’ According to Terry, preparation is the most important thing for a quick sale. ‘Make sure you gather all the relevant and necessary paperwork before you’ve even put the house on the market, so it’s all in place ready for a speedy sale,’ he says. ‘Proof of identity is an easy one, but other documents might be harder to find if you’re not so organised. ‘Your Land Registry title documents would have been sent to you by your solicitor when you purchased the house, but you can check with your mortgage company or Land Registry and request a copy if you can’t find them. ‘If you bought the house within the last 10 years, you’ll need your Energy Performance Certificate, and for new builds or properties under ten years old you’ll need your Buildmark or other new home warranty documents.’ He continues: ‘Gas checks need to be carried out by a Gas Safe certified engineer, and if you’ve altered the wiring in the property since January 2005 you must, by law, obtain a Part P Building Regulation Certificate, which proves that electrical work meets standards, so your solicitor can pass it onto the buyer. ‘If you’ve had new windows fitted since you bought the property, you’ll need to prove that they comply with building regulations with a FENSA or CERTASS certificate.’ First impressions are everything with potential buyers. ‘The first thing buyers will see is the photos listed online,’ Terry says. ‘High-quality images, with plenty of natural light will help to attract potential buyers. ‘A house full of clutter can stop buyers seeing the full potential in the property. Even things like removing family photos when doing viewings can help buyers imagine themselves there, rather than looking at pictures of your kids. ‘Tidy up outdoor spaces. You don’t need to do a full re-landscape but mowing the lawn and cutting back overgrown hedges can make the house seem much more desirable to buyers. ‘ Picking the right estate agent can be crucial to selling your house quickly. ‘Decide whether you want to do it yourself, use an online agent, or a high street agent,’ Terry adds. ‘There are pros and cons to all options. High street agents generally cost the most, but they’re experts who will be able to take care of everything for you. ‘Don’t just go for the first one you meet with, though. Do your research first and find out who other sellers in the area are using, how quickly they sell the properties on their books, and how often they sell for asking price or above.’ When faced with multiple offers, it might seem that the obvious choice is to take the highest bid, but there are other factors to consider. ‘Choosing a buyer who is least likely to pull out and is able to move the quickest, might be a better offer, even if their bid is slightly lower,’ says Terry. ‘Your highest bidder could be a nightmare who is impossible to get hold of and pulls out at the last minute because they don’t have the money to back up the offer. ‘Always take a minute to think about your options rather than automatically going for the top offer.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : London’s most valuable house could be yours if you have a spare £300,000,000 MORE : Former BBC studio is now a luxury apartment on sale for £2.5million MORE : Tiny studio flat with bed right next to the kitchen could be yours to rent for £1,820 a month