Colin Farrell has been spotted on the set of The Penguin for the first time as work gets underway on The Batman spin-off. The 46-year-old star is unrecognisable as the iconic DC Comics villain, having first undergone the transformation to play him opposite Robert Pattinson’s Caped Crusader in last year’s blockbuster. The Academy Award nominee has been seen in full costume as Oswald Cobblepot with filming underway in New York City. As with his first stint in the role, Colin looks completely different with the heavy use prosthetics to transform him, complete with facial scars and a receding hairline. Of course, his costume brings everything together with a purple blazer worn over a white dress shirt, giving him a sense of style befitting of The Penguin. The series will see him reunited with The Batman director Matt Reeves, who will serve as executive producer this time round. Plot details are being kept under wraps, but it’s thought the story will pick up where the movie left off, with Gotham facing more chaos following the death of mob boss Carmine Falcone. The cast will feature Shawshank Redemption’s Clancy Brown as crime boss Salvatore Maroni, with the likes of Cristin Milioti, Michael Kelly, Shoreh Aghdashloo and more also set to appear. Earlier this year, Colin admitted he had no idea he would be reprising his role as Penguin when he first took on the part in The Batman. ‘The only thing I had an idea was that I wasn’t nearly getting to explore the character as much as I wanted to,’ he told Variety. ‘There was all this extraordinary work done by [makeup and prosthetics artists] Mike Marino and Mike Fontaine and his team, and I just thought it was the tip of the iceberg, pardon the pun, that we were getting to do the six or seven scenes that we did in the film. I was grateful for them, but I wanted more.’ He added: ‘Honest to God, any thoughts I had about an extended series was to do with Mike Marino’s work. ‘I just know there was so much to do with this. Age it up, age it down. He’s just a genius, Mike, so it was his work that was the inspiration really.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Best actor nominee Colin Farrell reveals his Oscars date and it couldn’t be cuter MORE : Bafta viewers brand Austin Butler’s best actor win ‘a punch in the gut’ as Colin Farrell loses out after 25-year career 