Khloe Kardashian treated followers to an adorable collection of family photos as she wished her children’s father Tristan Thompson a happy birthday. The 38-year-old reality star paid tribute to the NBA star on Monday (March 13) as he turned 32. She posted a series of pictures that showed her former flame cuddled up to his kids and showing off his skills as a father. In the images, Tristan can be seen spending time with the two children he shares with Khloe: a seven-month-old baby boy whose name has yet to be revealed and their daughter True, who turns five next month. He was also snapped with his oldest child Prince Oliver, six, whom he shares with ex-partner Jordan Craig. Alongside the sweet moments, the Kardashian sister penned an adorable message, proving there was no bad blood between the pair. She wrote: ‘Happy birthday @realtristan13. You are truly the best father, brother & uncle. ‘Your love, attention, silly dances, hugs, carpool rides, bed time rituals, the way u show up for them. All of the above means more than you’ll ever know to your family of littles. ‘My birthday wish for u is that u continue to crave change, healing, and transformation. Be strong, be kind, be patient, be free. ‘Continue to Make your soul and your mommy proud. Happy birthday baby daddy [sic]’. The star had the comments on the post turned off. Kris Jenner, 67, mum to Khloe and her plethora of famous siblings chimed in and wished her grandchildren’s father a happy birthday too. She also posted on social media, typing a lovely message to the athlete on her Instagram Story. It read: ‘Happy Birthday, Tristan! I know this year has been hard so far, but you seem to find the positive and the light amongst the sadness. ‘You look at the glass half full and it has been so great watching you grow as a dad, a friend, a brother, an uncle, and a son.’ Kris continued: ‘You have shown me such inspiration and many lessons when it comes to how you deal with adversity and challenges that seem insurmountable. ‘You have used these challenges as opportunities to better yourself day by day, and I know how proud your mom is of the man you have become. ‘Thank you for that and for being such a special part of our family. We love you very much!!! [sic]’. The momager was referring to the recent sudden death of Tristan’s own mother Andrea Thompson following a heart attack at her Toronto home on January 5. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Khloé Kardashian joins ex Tristan Thompson to celebrate best friends Malika and Khadija Haqq’s 40th birthday MORE : Khloe Kardashian ‘totally okay’ as she shares health update after removing tumour from her face  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 