Just when you thought Milf Manor couldn’t get any wilder, a new scene has emerged and caused chaos from viewers. As the intense reality series, which sees eight moms trying to spark some romance with each other’s sons, reaches the final, the contestants are taking it up a notch with the shock factor. And it’s safe to say, we think they’ve reached it. In a new clip, Ryan flosses his teeth with a lacey black thong. What’s worse, his mum Shannan is right in front of him. Trying to look sexy, Ryan tells the group: ‘These are kind of sexy, right, I feel like…’ before literally using them to clean his teeth. ‘Are you doing that thinking it was your mum’s?’ one of the other sons asks him. They all burst into laughter, with Shannan trying to justify: ‘That’s a little small, no, that isn’t mine.’ Viewers at home were pretty disgusted, almost as much as one of the other sons, Gabriel. ‘Ryan definitely was not funny. I didn’t even think it came off sexy. It was really off-putting,’ he said, and it’s safe to say, people agree. ‘This show is beyond sick! Just when you can’t believe it could get any worse,’ one person wrote. Another penned: ‘This whole show is “off-putting!” I didn’t make it through the first episode.’ This comes after some pretty wild moments that the show has brought us, from awkward encounters, bizarre double dates, and mothers even feeling up their own sons’ chest. We’ve even seen the mums and sons forced into a NSFW sex education class together, which forced mum Stefany to walk out. The contestants were all asked to engage in the lesson and teach the young men about sex, surrounded by sex toys, fruits, and diagrams of female anatomy. During the ‘game’, the mums were tasked with picking out questions to ask their sons – and one mum, Stefany, was not impressed. ‘I think sex talks should definitely be kept to yourself or with your partner,’ Stefany said in confessional. ‘I don’t think it should be discussed in public or just with your kids,’ she added. Meanwhile, after learning about parts of the female body, Ryan demonstrated oral sex, right in front of his mum. ‘I’m a big fan of oral,’ he said, after being asked to demonstrate what he thought was a woman’s favourite foreplay. He went on to put an orange onto a mannequin and eat it out – directly in front of his mum Lisa, who was somehow impressed, comparing him to ‘a professor’. It was too much for Stefany though – and we don’t blame her. Milf Manor airs on TLC Discovery+ in America. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Milf Manor airs another ‘disgusting’ scene where mum has to watch another mum lick her son’s ear MORE : Milf Manor airs most uncomfortable scene yet as mums join their sons in NSFW sex education class with X-rated toys 