Prince Harry’s infamous Nazi uniform moment will reportedly feature in the upcoming season of The Crown. The outfit became a huge scandal when Harry, then 20, was photographed wearing the Nazi regalia. The story made the front pages of almost every national newspaper after the image of the Duke of Sussex in the uniform featured in The Sun. Harry, 38, wore the Nazi uniform at a party thrown by Olympic show jumper Richard Meade in 2005. According to reports, the fallout from the incident will be highlighted in series six of The Crown. A source shared: ‘Harry has made claims about racism in the UK and unconscious bias in the Royal Family on Netflix.’ ‘It is kind of ironic that Netflix is the one to bring up this incident,’ they added to The Sun. Harry claimed in his latest memoir Spare – that he was considering either the Nazi uniform or a pilot’s outfit to a ‘Native and Colonial’-themed event. According to Page Six, Harry wrote that he called Kate and Will for their opinion and said: ‘I phoned Willy and Kate, asked what they thought. Nazi uniform, they said,’ Since premiering back in 2016, the Netflix drama has told the story of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth II, with the sixth and final season set to recreate historical moments like the death of Princess Diana. Now the cast has been seen out and about in London filming scenes set during the late Queen’s Thanksgiving service for her 50th wedding anniversary in 1997. Notable cast members including Imelda Staunton (Queen Elizabeth), Jonathan Pryce (King Charles), Dominic West (Prince Charles) and Lesley Manville (Princess Margaret) can be seen, as well as the two actors taking over the roles of Prince’s William and Harry. While Ed McVey will play William during his time studying at St Andrews University, it is not yet clear who the actor playing Harry is. Although photographed alongside Jonathan and Ed in the family line-up on set, the actor playing the Duke of Sussex has not been announced. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Netflix for comment. The Crown is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Crown films scenes showing late Queen Elizabeth watching on as King Charles’ ascends the throne MORE : The Crown films pivotal moment in Queen’s history for season 6 with ‘first look’ at teenage Prince Harry actor 