Christine McGuinness and Paddy McGuinness’ children still don’t know that their parents are no longer together. Model Christine, 34, announced her split from husband Paddy, 49, last year after 11 years of marriage. They are parents to three kids – Penelope and Leo, nine, and Felicity, six – and all still live together in their family home. Christine has now said she wants life to ‘continue’ that way and provide stability for her little ones, who are all autistic, as is Christine. Speaking to Woman’s Own, she said: ‘The children don’t know any different and they’re growing up in a happy and loving home – I just want it to continue like that. ‘We don’t know what the future holds but right now it works.’ ‘The thought of eventually co-parenting in separate houses is something I’m going to really struggle with,’ she admitted. Christine and Paddy spent Christmas together three months ago, decorating the tree with their brood, shortly after photos emerged of Christine kissing pal Chelcee Grimes, 30. While she and Paddy have remained on friendly terms and are still cohabiting, Christine has revealed that she stayed in her marriage for so long because it was ‘comfortable.’ The mum-of-three previously said: ‘I didn’t want my family to ever fall apart and that’s why I stayed married. ‘As an autistic woman, I like to stay where I’m comfortable – I like things to stay the same. ‘I understand myself better now. That’s where I was comfortable – just knowing that it was me, Patrick and the children. But sometimes change has to happen. You just have to deal with it in the best way possible.’ Christine has also opened up on her desire to be the ‘perfect wife’ to former Take Me Out host Paddy. ‘I’d always wanted to be a wife so once I met Patrick, I fully went into “perfect wife” mode, you know, I’ll stay in, I’ll cook and clean and make sure I’m the best wife I can be,’ the beauty queen told Psychologies magazine. ‘I was always pretending to be something else rather than simply just me, that’s all part of masking.’ Christine is set to further explore her own autism by sharing her personal story in a feature-length documentary, Unmasking My Autism, on BBC. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kris Jenner, 67, is the ultimate glam gran as she channels Marilyn Monroe alongside Meghan Trainor in sassy Mother music video MORE : Ryan Reynolds splashes out on football kit for Wrexham under-12s complete with Deadpool logo, of course 