Last night the UK saw a covering of snow as temperatures could be set to drop to as low as -15C in Scotland today. Patches of up to 20cm of the white stuff fell in Scotland, Manchester and Yorkshire last night. The Met Office has said the cold snap may last two weeks and temperatures in parts of the UK will not reach double digits until Thursday. Yesterday yellow weather warnings were put in place for London as well as other parts of the UK. Snow and ice are expected in the capital following an Arctic blast which could cause chaos for commuters. The warning was in place from 9pm last night until 10am today. The mercury could drop to minus 15C in some areas of the Scottish Highlands – where up to 16 inches of snow are expected in some areas. While Northern Ireland will initially escape large accumulations of snow, 2cm could settle in some spots, most likely over higher ground and over northern parts of Northern Ireland. Throughout this morning snowy weather is set to cover parts of the country – according to the forecaster. It is set to move southwards through Manchester in the north of England, travelling through Birmingham, into the early hours. Small patches of snowy weather are forecast to pitter out around Cambridge this morning – as snow still falls in the north of Scotland. There is also forecast to be a small amount of snow on the south coast of Wales near Swansea at around 8am today. Snow will continue falling in northern Scotland throughout today and there will be smatterings of showers in the north of England and central Wales before ending this evening. The lowest temperature recorded in the UK so far this year is -10.4C, which was recorded at Drumnadrochit near Inverness in the early hours of January 19. Temperatures are set to drop almost six degrees below their coldest last March, when they reached minus 9.1C in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire. Weather warnings for snow and ice are in place across all four nations in the UK and more are expected to be issued as Arctic air sweeps across the country. A yellow weather warning for snow and ice is already in place in much of Northern and Eastern Scotland and North East England. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) at the weekend issued a cold weather alert and placed north-west England and Yorkshire under a level 3 alert. This means there is a 90% chance of severely cold weather, icy conditions or heavy snow, which could increase the health risk to vulnerable people. The rest of the UK has been placed under level 2. The forecaster has already warned of the risk of travel disruption in areas affected by snow with roads and railways expected to be icy. Met Office Chief Meteorologist Dan Suri said: ‘Snow, ice and low temperatures are the main themes of this week’s forecast, as the UK comes under the influence of an arctic maritime airmass as cold air moves in from the north. ‘Snow is already falling in parts of the north where some travel disruption likely, as well as a chance of some rural communities being cut off. ‘Snow showers will continue through today and Tuesday here, and Northern Ireland will also be subject to some snow showers, especially over high ground. ‘Ice will provide an additional hazard for many with overnight low temperatures well below 0°C for many. Further south wintry hazards will develop with parts of England and Wales affected by icy patches and snow in places tonight and likely further snow in parts of the south early Wednesday.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.