Hoda Kotb has spoken out to thank those who offered well wishes and support after her three-year-old daughter was rushed to hospital. The Today show star sparked concern from viewers when she took time off from the program last month, with Craig Melvin later explaining that she was dealing with a ‘family health matter’. Upon her return to the hot seat on Monday, the 58-year-old revealed the reason behind her time off was due to her youngest child, Hope – who she shares with ex-partner Joel Schiffman – being admitted into the intensive care unit over a mystery illness. Taking to Instagram earlier today, the presenter took a moment to shout out those who had been in touch over the news. Alongside a message simply reading, ‘Thank you,’ she penned: ‘Thank you …for all of your beautiful words and prayers. I have read them all. ‘You have no idea how much it means to me and my family. I am so profoundly touched.’ Fans quickly flooded the comments below with more support for the family. ‘I just saw what your family has been going through,’ one wrote. ‘Sending prayers, love and hugs. ‘You are strong but a sick child can reduce even a rock to rubble. Give that baby kisses and her big sister too. Xoxoxo.’ ‘Hoda we don’t know you personally, but you are the epitome of a good human,’ another agreed. ‘We love you and pray for your baby to be well soon. Hang in there Sweetie.’ ‘You were missed. So happy your little one is doing better, so scary,’ a follower penned. ‘Thank goodness hope is getting better,’ an Instagram user said. ‘May she always be blessed with good health and happiness always!! ‘Your little girls are truly blessed to have you such a loving caring person as their mama.’ As a commenter added: ‘So good to see you back this week and thankful that Hope is okay!’ Hoda shares Hope and eldest daughter Haley with former partner Joel, who she started dating in 2013 – before announcing their split last year. The news anchor returned to the Today show yesterday after her two-week absence, and detailed Hope’s hospital trip. ‘It is nice to have you right back where you belong,’ colleague Savannah Guthrie began the episode. ‘It’s been a tough couple of weeks, you’ve been dealing with a health issue with your little daughter.’ ‘My youngest, Hope, was in the ICU for a few days, and in the hospital for a little more than a week,’ Hoda continued, becoming emotional. ‘I’m so grateful she’s home, she is back home. I was waiting for that day to come, and we are watching her closely. I’m just so happy. ‘You know what I realized too, Savannah? When your child is ill, the amount of gratitude you can have for people who helped you out. ‘I’m grateful for the doctors at Weill Cornell who were amazing, and the nurses. And I’m grateful for my family and I’m grateful to friends like you who were there every single day. ‘I want to say thank you for that. I love you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Where are the original Gogglebox cast members now as beloved show celebrates 10th anniversary? MORE : Vernon Kay hits red carpet with daughter Phoebe, 18, and she’s Tess Daly’s double  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 