Two-time Formula One champion Emerson Fittipaldi believes a Red Bull driver will win the Bahrain Grand Prix – but it might not be Max Verstappen. F1 is back this weekend with 20 drivers and 10 teams all hoping to be victorious in 2023, but even before the lights go out in Sakhir there is one clear and obvious favourite. Verstappen is aiming to win his third title in a row, a feat only four drivers, including rival Sir Lewis Hamilton, have achieved, and after an impressive pre-season test, many expect him to do it. Naturally, he’ll want to get off to the best possible start by claiming victory in Bahrain, though he is expected to face competition from the likes of Hamilton, Charles Leclerc or perhaps even Fernando Alonso. But Fittipaldi, speaking exclusively to Metro Sport via Apostagolos, believes the Dutch driver’s biggest threat in the desert will be his teammate: Sergio ‘Checo’ Perez. ‘I think Max should be on pole but Checo Perez should be very close,’ the 1972 and 1974 world champion said. It is a very important year for Checo Perez. He really has the possibility to perform very well. He knows the team well, he knows the engineers, he knows the car. Now he’s part of the whole structure of the team. ‘It could be a very good year for Checo. We could see a surprise with Checo Perez this year, in my opinion.’ Verstappen has been and very much still is Red Bull’s No.1 driver, but Perez, who has four grand prix wins to his name, has claimed that for this season he has had a greater say in the development of the RB19 car. The team have been criticised in the past for catering towards their main driver too much, leaving their teammate at a disadvantage, but judging by the Mexican’s comments, 2023 could be different. ‘One thing that I was very impressed with while watching testing was the grip in the new Red Bull car,’ Fittipaldi added. ‘The car seems to be sticking to the ground. Such great grip. Coming out of corners, when you put the power down, it was not gliding or changing directions. ‘It was like it was on rails, compared to most of the cars. That to me was a very strong indication. ‘But it’s their own performance. How the driver can adapt to the car, adapt to the conditions of the track and adapt the car to his style of driving. That’s what makes the difference.’ MORE : ‘I’m a fighter!’ – Lewis Hamilton shuts down F1 retirement rumours ahead of Bahrain Grand Prix MORE : ‘It’s sink or swim!’ – Jenson Button’s 2023 Formula 1 predictions For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 