Harbhajan Singh has backed Virat Kohli to break Sachin Tendulkar’s record for the most international centuries after India’s series win over Australia. Kohli scored his first Test hundred since November 2019 and 28th overall in the high-scoring drawn fourth Test in Ahmedabad. Australia needed to win the final Test to secure an unlikely 2-2 series draw and posted 480 after first-innings centuries from Usman Khawaja and Cameron Green. But Kohli’s 186 and Shubman Gill’s first ton at home frustrated Australia and gave India a lead of 91 as they racked up 571. The tourists had reached 175-2 – a lead of 84 – when the teams shook hands on day five. Kohli had gone over three years without a Test century but made the most of favourable batting conditions to make 186 from 364 balls in Ahmedabad. The 34-year-old already sits second on the list of most international hundreds with 75 and Singh believes he can surpass Tendulkar, who made 100 during his astonishing 664-match international career. ‘It’s certainly possible. I think he can go past Tendulkar,’ the former India spinner  told SportsTak. ‘Two things favour Virat here: his age and his fitness. He’s 34 but he’s as fit as a 24-year-old cricketer. He’s way ahead in that aspect. ‘He has already scored 75 centuries, he can score at least 50 more. He knows his game and he plays all formats. ‘You might think I’m going overboard, but it is certainly possible. If anyone can do it, it’s Virat Kohli. The rest all are far behind him. ‘He knew he had to work on his fitness because his batting abilities are god-gifted. I don’t think he will stop from here. ‘There are no technical faults, and even if they are, he works on them and rectifies them. Since his return, he has already scored five centuries. This is pretty much a comeback for him.’ The draw in Ahmedabad saw India clinch a 16th consecutive series win at home and secure the Border-Gavaskar trophy for the fourth successive time. India also secured their place in June’s World Test Championship final against Australia after Sri Lanka suffered a dramatic final-ball defeat to New Zealand. Captain Rohit Sharma said: ‘It was a fantastic series. Right from the word go, it was exciting. ‘We understand the importance of this series and the opposition. A lot of hard work has gone into this so we’re really happy. ‘At different times we have come up with answers. I’m really proud of the Delhi Test in particular. We were behind in the game. ‘Different players put their hands up. A lot of the guys took the responsibility and bailed us out. Test cricket is always hard-fought, it’s never easy, so I’m quite satisfised.’ World Test Championship final opponents India and Australia now play a three-match ODI series, starting on Friday. MORE : Watch the moment New Zealand beat Sri Lanka off final ball of thrilling Test MORE : England captain Ben Stokes told to skip IPL and save himself for Ashes For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 