A 20-year-old girl who was trapped in the wreckage of a crashed car for two days is now ‘unrecognisable’, her mum has said. Eve Smith and Darcy Ross, both 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, died in Saturday’s collision, which took place in St Mellons, Cardiff. Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, remain in a critical condition. A Volkswagen Tiguan they were in had left the A48 and hit trees near to a roundabout. Sophie was so badly injured in the collision that she was unable to reach her phone and call for help. The bank worker has since undergone life-saving surgery in hospital. Her mother, Anna Cerowicz, told the Sun: ’She doesn’t know where she is or what happened. ‘She had panic attacks throughout the night when she came round so they sedated her. ‘She’s in shock and has a lot of injuries. You can’t recognise her.’ Anna said her thoughts went out to the parents who had lost children in the horror crash. She added: ‘She [Sophie] was in a small space, cold, scared stiff and not able to reach her mobile phone. ‘There’s no words to describe it. I can’t imagine how long it’s going to take for her to get over this. She’s going to need a lot of support. ‘I’m heartbroken for the families of Eve and Darcy. They’ve lost a child at the end of the day, I nearly lost mine.’ The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) has launched an investigation into two police forces over the search for missing victims. It came after a friend of Rafel Jeanne discovered the car after just 15 minutes of searching. The group had been to a social club in Maesglas, Newport, on Friday and are thought to have then travelled 40 miles to the Trecco Bay area of Porthcawl. After failing to go home, the five were reported missing by their families. A vigil was held at the crash site on Tuesday evening where around 1,000 people gathered, lighting candles and flares while others rode mopeds, motorbikes and quad bikes around the roundabout. A firework display lit up the sky above St Mellons for around 30 minutes while family and friends looked on. Police have confirmed the group were last seen at about 2am on Saturday in Pentwyn, Cardiff. In a joint statement, Gwent Police and South Wales Police said a helicopter was asked to search an area of Cardiff at 11.50pm on Sunday, which the forces said led to the vehicle being found 25 minutes later. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 