Glastonbury 2023 is set to be a massive one, with the line-up finally announced. The first announcement came on Friday morning, with some major names set to descend on Worthy Farm this June. Sir Elton John, Arctic Monkeys and Guns N’ Roses are among the headliners confirmed. Other major names announced in the first wave of acts include Lizzo, Lil Nas X, Lana Del Ray and Lewis Capaldi. Festival favourites and newcomers have also graced the acts, with ticketholders set to see the likes of Raye, Blondie, Hot Chip, The Chicks, Alt-J, Becky Hill, Carly Rae Jepsen, Central Cee, Chvrches, Fatboy Slim, Fred Again, Manic Street Preachers and Christine and the Queens. Announcing the news on Friday, the official Glastonbury Twitter account confirmed Arctic Monkeys would headline the Pyramid Stage on Friday, followed by Guns N’ Roses on Saturday. There’s also still more to come from the five-day festival, with the organisers promising  ‘many more acts and attractions still to be announced.’ Guns N’ Roses had been expected to perform at the iconic festival after bassist Duff McKagan made a bit of a slip-up, seemingly announcing their slot before they were announced. He told Sirius XM in January: ‘Glastonbury’s going to be iconic for us. ‘We’re going to be announcing some shows soon, guys.’ Meanwhile, Sir Elton had previously been announced as a headliner of the Pyramid Stage, as he declared before Christmas he would close out the legendary festival on June 25 in what will be his last ever UK performance. The festival had faced criticism for raising the price of tickets, as general admission now costs £335, plus a £5 booking fee. Despite this, Glastonbury sold out as quickly as ever, with demand incredibly high due to rumours about who could be performing. There’s more to be announced – watch this space. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Glastonbury VIP ticket draw in support of Turkey-Syria earthquake appeal raises over £200,000 in first hours MORE : Blondie drummer Clem Burke confirms rock band will play Glastonbury 2023 