Harry and Meghan could be given the ‘cold shoulder’ by other Royals at the King’s Coronation, according to family friends. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex last week were said to have received a formal invite to the coronation on May 6. However they have not yet confirmed whether they will be attending Charles’ big day. But just a few days later Buckingham Palace was said to be making plans for their potential arrival. Staff are factoring the Duke and Duchess of Sussex into the logistics including cars, seating plans and dining, the Daily Mail revealed. But sources close to the Sussexes have said if they do attend they will be ignored by other senior Royals in the UK. It is believed ‘many of the family want nothing more to do with them’ it was claimed. A friend of the family told the MailOnline: ‘They will be given the cold shoulder by very many relatives. One said to me, “I hope they’ll be seated in Iceland.” ‘Many of the family just want nothing more to do with them. If they have to see them at the Coronation then so be it, but they do not want to socialise with them.’ It comes following months of speculation over whether the couple would be welcome at the historic event. The couple have also started using official royal titles for their children including prince and princess. If Harry and Meghan are to attend the celebrations their reception with other family members could remain frosty. Their relationship with the King and the Prince of Wales has remained troubled after the publication of Spare. Over and over again, Harry has demanded an apology from his dad and brother if he is to attend the coronation. But Charles and William are in no mood to pander to his demands, according to the Daily Mail. Revelations which upset the Royal Family from the memoir include criticisms of Charles’ parenting style, accusing William of attacking him and branding Camilla the ‘dangerous’ woman. Ever since leaving the Royal Family, the couple have been staunchly critical of it. In a sit down interview with Oprah Winfrey, they said they experienced racism when a senior member questioned what colour skin Archie would have. They also told their story in a Netflix documentary, Harry and Meghan, which detailed how they were fed to the press by other members of the royal family. The couple have also been evicted from their UK base of Frogmore Cottage adding more fuel to the fire. Buckingham Palace is yet to comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.