A Muslim education trust has apologised after being accused of branding members of the LGBTQ+ community as ‘evil’. The Abu Bakr Trust, which runs three schools in the town of Walsall, Staffordshire, allegedly made the homophobic posts on November 6 last year. The trust is said to have posted on its Facebook page, telling followers to pray ‘for protection from evil deeds and against LGBTQ’. It also allegedly wrote: ‘My Lord, save me and my family from what they do.’ Someone with links to the trust also allegedly shared a Facebook video of a Taliban cleric claiming he was ‘very bright’, according to research done by the Henry Jackson Society. The Charity Commission officially raised concerns and a formal investigation was opened. The trust has since apologised for the posts, claiming a volunteer has made them without authorisation from staff or trustees but it went on to ‘accept full responsibility’ for what it described as an ‘oversight’. Ironically, the trust’s school for girls, which is independent but receives government grants, was praised for its tolerance of same-sex couples last March. A report from Ofsted at the time read: ‘Pupils have a sound understanding of fundamental British values. ‘They talk knowledgeably about democracy, how laws are made and how this relates to everyday life in school. Pupils have a detailed understanding of other religions. ‘They speak confidently about the similarities and differences that exist between Islam and other religions. Pupils talk about the different types of relationships and families that exist in their local community. ‘This includes single-parent families, same-sex couples and children who are in care.’ Meanwhile Abu Bakr Boys School, in Queen Mary Street, was rated overall as ‘inadeqaute’ following an inspection last June – but it was praised for encouraging schoolchildren to ‘understand and respect differences’. Charlotte Littlewood, who conducted the research for the Henry Jackson Society, said: ‘It’s a very worrying time for the LGBT community. ‘We seem to be making great leaps in some areas but in this particular area, we are just not making the same headway. I’m worried about the impact this has on our young people if they are being taught intolerance. ‘We are bringing children up in a multicultural society where the priority is that we are a cohesive society based on tolerance. Some schools are not teaching that – those schools will not prepare children for a successful life in the UK. ‘Parents should think hard about the kinds of environments they are placing their children in, if they want Britain to be a safe and tolerant place for all.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.