A vulnerable artist who suffered from poor mental health died of hypothermia in a council flat that didn’t have a microwave or fridge. Cass Terry was found dead aged 55 at her Exeter home in November 2021, after a neighbour saw her lying on the floor when he looked through her letterbox. An inquest at Exeter Coroners’ Court yesterday examined the circumstances surrounding the woman’s death. It heard that Cass had been living in a council house that did not have a fridge freezer, washing machine or microwave, and she had not known how to use the heating system. Her sister, Anne-Marie Rogers, told the inquest she was was an alcoholic who drank heavily to self-medicate. Describing Cass’s past struggles, she continued: ‘She was put into care at age of 14 by Devon County Council and was also repeatedly sectioned in recent years. ‘She had been homeless, once living in a cave.’ She said her sister had been ‘suspicious’ of services because of ‘how she had been detained in the past’. Anne-Marie added: ‘I have concerns about her death and the care she received or did not receive leading up to her death which I feel possibly contributed to her death.’ A post-mortem examination confirmed Cass, who sang with a band called Boomshack in the 1990s, had not been intoxicated at the time of her death. The inquest heard from a neighbour who was also an alcoholic, and who drank regularly with Cass. He said she had been drinking ‘about 10 cans of lager a day’ in the months ahead of her death, adding: ‘In my opinion, she could not look after herself due to her drinking and she should have had a carer.’ Both Anne-Marie and the neighbour said they had never known her to use the heating in her home. The inquest heard that services had not noted any concerns about a lack of heating, and Cass had not reported a problem despite having the capacity to do so. It was also stated that a second-hand fridge freezer had been offered to her, but she had declined, saying she was waiting for a new kitchen to be fitted. Devon’s Community Mental Health Team (CMHT), who looked after her until November 2020, offered her a social care package but she turned it down as she felt she was being well supported by her neighbour, the inquest heard. Jennifer Kent, a mental health nurse with Devon Partnership Trust (DPT), said: ‘We had to respect her choice and decision and she had the ability to weigh up her options. ‘We felt she had insight and an ability to self-rescue by calling into services so that was quite a protective factor.’ Recording a conclusion of natural causes, area coroner Alison Longhorn said to her family: ‘It must have been very difficult to lose Cass in these circumstances and very difficult for you to accept she was very against getting help from anywhere and the help she needed she did not get.’ Mrs Longhorn said DPT services had followed the correct processes. Describing her sister as ‘a gentle soul who loved animals’, Anne-Marie said after the inquest: ‘Cass’s death is an indictment of current mental health provision. ‘The principle of self-determination seems to be used as an excuse to ration mental health services. Once discharged, there was no care for Cass. ‘The mental health system that is set up to protect people like Cass has seriously failed her and our family.’ She added: ‘The family would like to thank Cass’s neighbour who offered Cass friendship and cared so well for her dog Stanley.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.