Tom Kaulitz believes his and Heidi Klum’s dogs may have died by intentional poisoning. The Tokio Hotel singer, 33, and model Heidi, 49, have built a life together since getting married in 2019, including having multiple pet dogs in the family. Both German natives, the couple live together in Bel Air, California, along with Heidi’s four children from her previous marriage to musician Seal. Heidi and Tom made headlines last year at the model’s annual Halloween party, where they dressed up as a horrifying giant worm (Heidi) and a fisherman (Tom). However the husband and wife are now in the news for a more ominous reason, as Tom believes their two dogs – and his brother Bill’s dog – may have been poisoned. Heidi said goodbye to her 15-year-old German Pointer Capper in February, sharing her grief on Instagram with a goodbye to her ‘faithful friend.’ However just a few days later, the couple’s other dog, Irish Wolfhound Anton, also died suddenly at just four years old. And bizarrely, while Bill lives 20 miles away in Los Angeles, his Bulldog, Stitch, died on the same day. The brothers shared their story on a recent episode of their German-language podcast Kaulitz Hills- Senf aus Hollywood, where Bill said Stitch was ‘never sick, never had to go to the vet. ‘And then, one Sunday, he suddenly collapsed and fell over. I was in shock.’ He added that the dog was undergoing an autopsy to help figure out what had happened, and admitted they had to wonder about whether ‘everything is connected’ and if poisoning was involved. Tom, also speaking in German, added that it was ‘so sad that you have to wonder is there someone who wants to harm you so much that he kills your animals. He added: ‘Is there a lunatic out there?’ ‘We still can’t understand that we lost our dogs, the entire pack, our cutest little babies, within two weeks,’ the Spring Nicht musician added. Heidi and Tom recently celebrated their four-year wedding anniversary, having tied the knot during a secret 2019 ceremony that took place less than a year after they started dating. Months later, the couple celebrated with a blow-out wedding celebration in Italy while surrounded by family and friends. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Heidi Klum poses naked as she wraps arms around shirtless Tom Kaulitz to mark 4-year wedding anniversary MORE : Heidi Klum’s dad was present when she gave birth and he even filmed it: ‘I know that probably sounds strange’ 