BBC director general Tim Davie has apologised for the disruption to sports programming following Gary Lineker stepping back from Match Of The Day. However, he has vowed not to resign over the fallout. Speaking to the BBC’s Nomia Iqbal in the US, he was asked if he should quit over the impartiality crisis – he said he would not. He did add that it had been a ‘difficult day’, saying: ‘I’m sorry audiences have been affected and they haven’t got the programming.’ In an interview in Washington DC, he continued: ‘As a keen sports fan I know to miss programming is a real blow and I’m sorry about that. ‘We are working very hard to resolve this situation and make sure we get output on air.’ Davie did not want to go into detail about discussions or if he had spoken to Lineker in last 24 hours. But he said: ‘Everyone wants to calmly resolve the situation. Gary Lineker’s the best in the business – that’s not for debate.’ The broadcaster said it would air only ‘limited sport programming’ over the weekend and was ‘working hard to resolve the situation’ amid the Lineker saga. Saturday’s TV and radio sporting timetables were changed at the last minute and Sunday’s Match Of The Day has also been thrown into question. It comes after Lineker was told to step back from hosting the Saturday edition of the football highlights programme in a row over a tweet from his personal Twitter account. The show will be limited to around 20 minutes and will not include accompanying commentary or analysis due to the broadcaster not having the rights to the Premier League’s global commentary feed, according to reports. Sports presenters including Alex Scott, Kelly Somers and Jason Mohammad said on Saturday that they were pulling out of their shows, which resulted in Football Focus and Final Score being scrapped from the BBC One schedule, while 5 Live’s radio coverage was also altered. In a statement, a BBC spokesperson said: ‘The BBC will only be able to bring limited sport programming this weekend and our schedules will be updated to reflect that. ‘We are sorry for these changes which we recognise will be disappointing for BBC sport fans. ‘We are working hard to resolve the situation and hope to do so soon.’ The corporation’s director of sport, Barbara Slater, also issued an apology to staff for the disruption to the schedule. Within the letter, Slater said: ‘We are sorry about the impact that the news relating to Gary Lineker and Match Of The Day is having across the department this weekend. ‘We understand how unsettling this is for all of you – the staff in BBC Sport and our freelance community – and we understand the strength of feeling which has been generated by this issue.’ On Saturday, Bargain Hunt aired in place of Football Focus on BBC One at noon, while The Repair Shop is due to run instead of Final Score at 4.30pm. Match Of The Day is due to go ahead on Saturday evening without a presenter, pundits and several regular commentators, but the Sunday edition may also face disruption after football pundit Jermain Defoe announced he would not appear. BBC Radio 5 Live was also affected on Saturday, with Mark Chapman not presenting for 5 Live Sport or Fighting Talk. His stance throws further doubt into whether Match Of The Day 2 will air as normal on Sunday as he is due to host. Amid the disruption, Lineker was pictured watching the Premier League match between Leicester City and Chelsea on Saturday afternoon. The 62-year-old former England player was taken off air for a tweet which compared the language used to launch a new Government asylum seeker policy with 1930s Germany. The broadcaster said it had ‘decided’ Lineker would take a break from presenting Match Of The Day until an ‘agreed and clear position’ on his use of social media had been reached. Former England footballers Alan Shearer and Ian Wright later announced on Friday night they would be boycotting MOTD in solidarity with Lineker, while several commentators also confirmed they would be stepping down from Saturday’s broadcast. The BBC previously said the programme would ‘focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry’, saying it understood the position of its presenters. Amid the backlash, the former BBC director-general Greg Dyke said the corporation had made a ‘mistake’ and ‘undermined its own credibility’ by taking Lineker off air. Meanwhile, Richard Ayre, former controller of editorial policy at the BBC, praised Lineker as a ‘naturally gifted television presenter’, but said the broadcaster’s reputation is ‘bigger and more important’ than any individual. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gary Lineker ‘pursued by BT Sport’ amid Match of the Day fall out MORE : Why is Gary Lineker not presenting Match of The Day tonight? 