Courteney Cox has declared that going overboard with fillers has been one of her biggest ‘regrets’ over the years. The Friends actress described the procedure as a ‘domino effect’ and admitted that she ‘can’t believe’ what she used to look like in certain pictures. During an appearance on the Gloss Angeles podcast, hosts Kirbie Johnson and Sarah Tan Christensen asked the 58-year-old of her biggest beauty regret. ‘Fillers,’ she replied, without skipping a beat. ‘Just not realizing it’s a domino effect. ‘It’s like you don’t realize that you look a little off, so then you keep doing more because you look normal to yourself. You look in the mirror and go, “Oh, that looks good”, you think. You don’t realize what it looks like to the outside person. ‘Just doing too many fillers and having to have them removed, which thank God, they are removable. ‘Thinking I was getting older when I was really young. That’s just a bummer, a waste of time. I messed up a lot and now, luckily, I was able to reverse most of that, now I’m actually just older.’ ‘I look at pictures of me from when I thought I looked okay, and I can’t believe it,’ the Hollywood icon – who reprised her role as Gale Weathers for Scream 6 – added. ‘My publicist wouldn’t let me post this, but I wanted to [post] a before – or what I was and what I am – and then the caption would be, “Oh this is what my friend was talking about.” ‘Because, when someone is talking to you [about fillers] and saying, “babe, I don’t know,” then you’re like “what? I didn’t do anything. I have nothing here and nothing there”, and you don’t realize that probably floated down. This isn’t the first time that Courteney has spoken out over her use of cosmetic injectables after hitting the big time on Friends in the 90s. In a candid chat with the Sunday Times last year, she explained that she turned to fillers to ‘chase youthfulness’ – which is something that she wouldn’t dream about now. ‘There was a time when you go, “Oh, I’m changing. I’m looking older.” And I tried to chase that [youthfulness] for years. And I didn’t realize that, oh s**t, I’m actually looking really strange with injections and doing stuff to my face that I would never do now,’ she said at the time. ‘I’d say, “The day you realize what your friends were talking about.” Because people would talk about me, I think. But there was a period where I went, “I’ve got to stop. That’s just crazy.” ‘The scrutiny is intense, but I don’t know if it could be more intense than what I put on myself.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Ravi threatens to expose affair with Denise if she doesn’t play ball MORE : Katie Price ‘unveils massive new tattoo in honour of terminally ill mum Amy’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 