The second I turn the tap, the gentle spray of the freezing water causes an almost-unbearable sting. The goosebumps are instant and I can almost feel the pores on my skin batten down in reaction to the unwelcoming cold. I shudder at the idea of my entire body being submerged. Yet, with a giant breath and to the widespread consternation of every inch of my body, I duck my head underneath the showerhead. After a few short and sharp gasps, I go numb and my reluctance is succeeded by a sense of pride. Every morning, I start my day with a cold – and I mean properly cold, not lukewarm or tepid – shower. It’s an experiment I’ve continued with since mid-October and one that has transformed my morning routine. It’s essential now that I make you all aware that I’ve never been a morning person. Prising myself out of bed requires the sort of courage and determination comparable to an athletic sport. I am forever bemoaning the immodest early birds who take pride in telling us they arise before 4am and are craving lunch before we even stir. To combat my disdain for the early hours, friends and family have long given me tips so as not to succumb to the comforts of my bed when the fateful alarm clock beckons. ‘Go to sleep at the same time each night,’ someone once advised. Another even drew my attention to the old wives’ tale of tapping my head against my pillow six times to wake up at 6am. However, none of that has ever worked. The only thing that has, is cold showers, and for that I blame TikTok. The social media platform is forever guilty of showcasing the latest health fads or trends and it was on there I came across an influencer who swore by cold showers at the start of the day, stating that although they can take a Herculean effort to get used to, the benefits are endless. Intrigued, I took to Google to find out more. There, I read that the practise alleviated anxiety, reduced swelling of any acne-like blemishes, and left devotees with an effervescent feeling of being bright-eyed and bushy-tailed before midday. The science behind it is that your body sees the cold water as a threat and therefore jumpstarts your whole system. And that, while prolonged stress is bad for your body, this short, sharp period of it is good for you. A number of studies suggest those who take cold showers have fewer sick days at work, are boosting their immune system and increasing blood circulation. Why wouldn’t I want to give it a go? Now, I will be the first to admit that the experience of your first time can be likened to a hellscape. It’s important to note that even the bravest among us will endure sheer fright, especially when showers are usually like comfort blankets to those who enjoy that warmly cleanse. Although somewhat fearful to experience it again the next day, I had already researched the ever-lasting benefits online, so I was determined to carry on. There was a surprising element to my cold shower debut. I found, having my heating off (due to the cost-of-living crisis), stepping old of a cold shower into a cold room was more bearable than transitioning from a steaming hot wash to a chilly atmosphere. And since that first time, cold showers have alleviated my anxious thoughts, sharpened my creative outlet as a writer and helped ease my bleak morning rut. They have even healed the shaving sores I have previously suffered with and that no amount or type of lotion would cure. Getting up early is still a loathsome chore, but knowing I won’t be crawling with exhaustion until I’ve climbed the midday hill has made it mildly better. Do I ever miss a warm shower? Absolutely, sometimes I almost surrender to the desire. But since October, my periods of good moods have prolonged, my zest for life has spiked and periods of procrastination have shortened. So, take it from me. Cold showers are gruelling to begin with, but a new lease of life beckons. It’s become a staple of my morning routine and something I’ve got used to over time. What’s next on my health mission? Swapping my regular 5km runs from the evenings to the gloomy mornings pre-cold shower. But I might just be getting ahead of myself there… Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Disabled dad ‘forced to go months without showering’ while waiting for wet room MORE : Do you actually need to shower every day? A third of Brits don’t bother MORE : You star Lukas Gage stresses the importance of those golden shower scenes