Paul Scholes believes the criticism aimed at Bruno Fernandes following Manchester United’s 7-0 defeat to Liverpool was over the top but admits he ‘worries’ about him captaining the side in ‘big games’. Old Trafford legends Gary Neville and Roy Keane were among those to criticise Fernandes after United were thrashed at Anfield. As well as criticising Fernandes, some pundits also urged Erik ten Hag to strip the Portugal midfielder of the captaincy, although United’s manager dismissed those calls ahead of the Europa League clash with Real Betis. Manchester United bounced back from their Anfield capitulation with an impressive 4-1 victory over Betis, with Fernandes scoring and assisting in the emphatic win. But Scholes still has concerns over Fernandes’ captaincy and says a ‘less emotional’ skipper might be better in ‘bigger games’. ‘Your captain has to be a calming influence, really. He almost has to be the one who calms characters like him down,’ Scholes said on BT Sport before kick-off. ‘I worry about him if Manchester United, in March or April time, are going for a league title. I don’t think having Bruno as your captain would be ideal. ‘But we know he’s only the vice-captain at the minute, we know Harry Maguire’s not playing. ‘Going forward, bigger games, bigger parts of the season, going for trophies and big Champions League finals and stuff, I think a captain who’s less emotional might be better.’ While Scholes raised his concerns over Fernandes’ captaincy, he said some of the criticism aimed at the 28-year-old had been overblown. ‘You have to remember that he has been asked to play in positions that he is not comfortable in and I think he has sacrificed himself for the team for that,’ Scholes added. ‘He was clearly frustrated with his team-mates and he shows it in a way that I don’t think, when he looks back at it, he will be proud of what happened, throwing his arms up in the air and pushing the linesman. ‘I think he will look back at that and learn from that. He has also come from a different culture and they do that all the time; in England it is not quite acceptable as much. ‘I think, going forward, he will learn from that and he will try and get rid of those little, annoying things in his game.’ Former Premier League star Ayoze Perez cancelled out Marcus Rashford’s early opener at Old Trafford on Thursday night but Manchester United dominated the second half and secured a significant first-leg lead thanks to goals from Fernandes, Wout Weghorst and Antony. Ten Hag’s side, sitting third in the English top-flight, return to domestic action on Sunday against relegation-battlers Southampton. MORE : Frenkie de Jong sends message to Man Utd amid fresh transfer links MORE : PSG to offer Harry Maguire route out of Manchester United this summer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 