An inseparable mum and son both drowned after their car flipped into a pond, trapping them both as the vehicle sank. Vivien Radocz, 28, was travelling with her son, Milan Peter Radocz, eight, when she lost control of her vehicle on September 3 last year. They were both about to start new chapters of their lives: Vivien’s partner, Sandor Burai, was going to propose that week. Milan was about to start Year 4, too. But CCTV footage captured the final moment the mother and son were ever seen – leaving the village by car at 10:31am. An inquest today heard how Vivien was driving at 40mph when she failed a sharp bend, sending her vehicle spinning in Wittering, Cambridgeshire. The pair from Stamford, Lincolnshire was driving along Old Oundle Road, a winding rural road cutting through wide fields, when the incident happened Vivien’s 2010 blue Ford Focus crashed through a chain link fence at around 10:35am, plunging into a pond and was submerged for seven hours. Fisherman John Smith was in the area for 20 minutes before he saw the upturned car at 5:30pm but didn’t realise anyone was even inside at first. He only spotted the vehicle when he saw its two back wheels poking out of the water. Emergency services arrived at 6:20pm, where a fire officer smashed through the passenger window to find a child’s foot. PC Rutter told the inquest: ‘At the time it hadn’t been identified if there were any occupants in the vehicle. ‘Officers rushed into the water a few minutes later and smashed the window. They carried a child out of the water who was unresponsive. ‘Paramedics scooped the child from the officer’s arms and rushed off the scene in an ambulance. ‘Shortly later the officers recovered a body of a female from the vehicle,’ the officer said, adding that she didn’t have her seatbelt on. Paramedic Daniel Green added: ‘When Vivien was removed from the water, she was placed on the road, and resuscitation was attempted for 20 minutes, but it was unsuccessful. ‘Death was confirmed at 7.42pm at the scene.’ Coroner Milburn recorded Milan’s death as drowning, saying: ‘The vehicle left the single carriageway on the left side and entered a pond, becoming submerged in water. ‘Milan was unable to escape from the vehicle and was not discovered until (5:30pm) that day.’ Forensics found Vivien veered off around the sharp bend but were unable to work out why. Her family stressed that Vivien wasn’t one to take offbeat paths and always travelled with a SatNav – there were no signs she used her phone during the drive. Vivien had no pre-existing medical conditions, the vehicle was in working order and there was no evidence she was speeding. A toxicology report found no evidence she had been drinking or was on drugs. In moving tributes last September, family and friends described Milan as a playful and upbeat kid who loved to go on his PlayStation and bake. A St George’s School student, executive headteacher Fiona Griffiths said: ‘Milan had a winning smile, was full of fun, with a great sense of humour and a kind heart. ‘He enjoyed being outside and spending time in forest school, developing his passion in wildlife club where he would care for the minibeasts, building them homes and taking care of their needs. ‘This was the Milan we all knew and loved and he will continue to have a special place in our hearts.’ Vivien moved to the UK from Debrecen, Hungary, seven years ago. She had worked at McDonald’s for six years and passed on a promotion at the fast-food restaurant to spend time with her little boy. She was, to her friends, ‘beautiful, kind and the first to help anyone’, they wrote on a JustGiving page raising money for the pair’s funeral. ‘The best friend you can ever imagine to have. Brave and unstoppable. ‘Milan was her only son the sweetest boy, full of life and was due to start Year Four at school this week. ‘ ‘To Vivien and Milan,’ they added, ‘we hope you are together and happy amongst the stars.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.