Simon Cowell might be making a huge move to a rival broadcaster after 20 years working with ITV. The creator of The X Factor and Britain’s Got Talent franchises has been a star of ITV since first helping to pitch Pop Idol, which ran for two seasons in 2001 and 2003. In the years following he created and pitched the other two blockbuster reality singing competitions, which he also acted as a judge on. But now there are reports he might be looking to move on after he is said to have met with Channel 5’s director of programmes, Ben Frow. The pair have apparently been discussing various projects they could work on together ‘for months’. ‘This would be a huge move for Simon, who carved out a TV career based on BGT and X Factor on Channel 5’s rival station,’ a source told The Sun. ‘It would effectively see him turn his back on ITV after two decades which have seen him deliver them two of their biggest hits. ‘There’s a strong sense that one chapter is ending and another beginning and Channel 5 are keen to be a part of that.’ They added: ‘But they’d need to nail down a seven-figure contract to seal the deal to bring him across.’ While Simon, 63, is still a judge on BGT, which is currently filming its 16th season, this wouldn’t be the first time the channel had enticed stars traditionally linked to other channels to sign up. In the past BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker, DIY SOS star Nick Knowles and Pointless host Alexander Armstrong have joined Channel 5. While The X Factor wrapped up after 15 seasons in 2018, Simon is still contracted to be head judge on BGT until 2025. This season already looks set to be a fiery one, quite literally, after Simon found himself caught up in an audition that reportedly saw him ‘set on fire’ by a magician. However, things seemed to have all been fine, and Simon managed to walk away without any mishaps. Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV, Channel 5 and representatives for Simon Cowell. Britain’s Got Talent returns later this year on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Simon Cowell looks like a kid in their dad’s massive clothes as he gets ready for Britain’s Got Talent filming MORE : Simon Cowell gives the thumbs up as Britain’s Got Talent auditions kick off with ’emotional’ new judge Bruno Tonioli 