Idris Elba cut as a fine a figure as ever at the New York premiere of Luther: The Fallen Sun on Wednesday night, going bold in a bright green jacket. The star, 50, pepped up his outfit further by pairing the jacket with rust-coloured trousers and patent dark green loafers. He finished off the look with a crisp white shirt, while his wife Sabrina complemented his citrus tones with a bright yellow dress. Her Stella McCartney one shoulder gown boasted crystal embellishment at the top, and the 32-year-old model completed her look with matching glitzy heels. The fashionable looks seemed a far cry from detective Luther’s trusty if shabby grey coat he’s worn for 13 years, first appearing on screens when the TV series started in 2010. Luckily, the actor has reassured fans that his signature trench coat has been washed over the years – and he’s got more than one to rely on. ‘Nooo! You know what, it does get washed but there’s more than one in the wardrobe. So I dry clean one and then I wear the other one,’ he revealed to Metro.co.uk at the London premier for the spin-off film. ‘People always say to me, “Does that thing stink?” It doesn’t smell I promise,’ he added. Another Luther mystery solved! Idris, who recently revealed he turned down a gig in EastEnders, has returned to his role in the Netflix film opposite new co-stars Cynthia Erivo and Andy Serkis, who play a rival detective and the movie’s villain, respectively. The synopsis for Luther: The Fallen Sun reads: ‘Haunted by his failure to capture the cyber psychopath who now taunts him, Luther decides to break out of prison to finish the job by any means necessary.’ Andy has admitted that he thought about turning down his role of a psychopath David Robey in the film because it was so dark. The Lord of the Rings star told Metro.co.uk: ‘I’ve played a number of villainous characters [e.g. Gollum, Supreme Leader Snoke, Ian Brady], but when I first got the script, this character was so dark I thought, do I really want to go there again? I literally wanted to throw the script in the bin and then have a shower after I’d read it. ‘Then I realised how brilliant Neil Cross’s writing was because, though Robey is undoubtedly a psychopath, he is actually preying on our desire to give so much of ourselves over to the internet: to surveillance, to deep fake, to AI – all of those things that we think will make our lives better. David is a deeply lonely individual, who is as much a victim of the internet world as anyone.’ He added: ‘We have become increasingly isolated and traded friends and relatives for looking into devices. As an actor it was interesting to open up that debate.’ Luther: The Fallen Sun is available in select cinemas and arrives on Netflix from March 10. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cara Delevingne wants babies ‘so bad’ and plans to freezer her eggs in near future MORE : Barry Keoghan ‘criticises BA for losing luggage on flight to LA’ for Oscars  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 