Nick Cannon has whipped fans into a frenzy after announcing his new venture – a TV show apparently dedicated to finding the mother of his next child. The 42-year-old has continued to make headlines with his family life, and teased that he could be set to welcome baby number 13 very shortly. Instead of a newborn, the Wild N’ Out host shared a trailer for his new program on Instagram, in which he was seemingly introduced to a string of women battling it out to have his next child. Yes, seriously… The upcoming E! venture, hosted by pal Kevin Hart, is aptly named, ‘Who’s Having My Baby’, and is set to hit screens very shortly. Alongside the clip, he wrote: ‘We’re expecting…a new show on E! #WhosHavingMyBaby premieres this Spring on @eentertainment! @kevinhart4real.’ In the footage, the presenter began: ‘Guys, you’re on a game show right now… ‘You’re going to get some contestants that want to have your baby.’ ‘Kevin Hart and Nick Cannon are coming to E! for the mother of all game shows,’ a voiceover explained. ‘We’re not kidding around.’ Towards the end of the clip, the dad-of-12 could be seen saying, ‘eenie meenie minie…,’ leading to many questioning whether the competition is legit. Flocking to the comments below, one penned: ‘Seriously? Or, is this an early April fools joke?’ ‘Smh! “I need a new baby mama, so lets have an absurd game show out of this”…… #this_world_has_completely_lost_it! [sic],’ another agreed. ‘This is a joke this is not a real show,’ an Instagram user penned. ‘I really hope this is a joke. Babies are people, not a prize (or punishment) winning a game show,’ a follower added. The format of the program has not been made clear. Nick’s growing brood has been the subject of much discussion online – he shares twins Monroe and Moroccan with Mariah Carey, and is also dad to Golden Sagon, Powerful Queen, and Rise Messiah with model Brittany Bell. Abby De La Rose welcomed twins Zion and Zillion, and daughter Beautiful Zeppelin with the TV star, while he introduced son Legendary Love with Bre Tiesi, and Onyx Ice Cole with LaNisha Cole. With Alyssa Scott, he welcomed son Zen in 2021 – however their child sadly died in December of that year, at just five months old. At the end of last year, they went on to welcome daughter Halo Marie Cannon. ‘December 14 2022. Our lives are forever changed,’ Alyssa wrote on Instagram at the time. ‘Zen is in every breath I take. I know his spirit was with us in the room that morning. I know he is watching down on us. ‘He shows me signs everyday. I will hold onto this memory forever. I will remember the sound of Nicks voice saying “it’s a girl” and the look of everything we’ve been through flash across his face. ‘I will remember the sound of her crying out with her first breath and feeling her heartbeat against mine. My sweet girl, I got my surprise!! ‘We love you Halo Marie Cannon!’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for E! for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : You actor Penn Badgley’s ‘polarising’ cockney accent branded an ‘ode to Joe Pasquale’ MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Nish subjects Suki to nasty outburst amid Ash’s exit story  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 