A town church has been branded sexist for not allowing a woman to become its next vicar because it wants a male priest ‘in charge’. Fowey Parish Church St Fimbarrus in Cornwall has not had a vicar for four years, but would rather remain without one than appoint a female. Its Fowey Parochial Church Council (PCC) reportedly passed the resolution against female vicars after a minority of its congregation threatened to leave if a woman was installed in the leading role. The council refuses to even interview a female candidate, it is thought. Church warden Carol Carruthers argued that the parish believes women and men are equal but have different roles in the church. She said: ‘As an evangelical church we look to the Bible for all matters of faith. The bible is very clear on equality – all are equal. ‘The Bible, much written 2,000 years ago was ahead of its time in its progressive attitude to women. ‘There is, however, debate over the roles women play within the church. ‘The church council has agreed a compromise position where we will both welcome women priests to teach the bible faithfully each Sunday and lead communion, but seek an overall male priest in charge. ‘We appreciate this can be difficult to understand looking from the outside into the church, but would robustly defend that this position is not sexist, is widely established in the worldwide church, and accommodates all views in the membership of our church without exclusion. ‘We look forward to our new appointment arriving later this year and welcome any members of our community to come and discuss with us any concerns they may have.’ The neighbouring parishes of Tywardreath and Golant appointed Reverend Shona Hoad as their vicar earlier this year. There were rumours FCC would follow suit but Golant’s St Sampson Church PCC said ‘there are complication because Tywardreath and ourselves are open to the idea of a woman priest, but Fowey is not’. Multiple locals quoted by CornwallLive have branded Fowey’s parish sexist and accused the council of being ‘bigots’. One said: ‘These individuals need to wake up and come into the real world. I think it would be quite refreshing to have a female vicar.’ The PPC issued another statement, after after it became ‘aware of misinformation circulating in our community about its church’. It said: ‘In the spirit of unity and inclusivity the PCC of Fowey has passed a resolution based on bible text and theological interpretation to seek a male overall head for our church leadership in Fowey, but also welcoming female involvement, including female clergy, in leading, teaching and taking Holy Communion services in our church.’ They also stressed that the resolution was voted unanimously by all seven members of the PCC. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.