Graham Potter insists Mykhailo Mudryk is in contention to feature tomorrow but has warned Chelsea fans they may not see the best of the club’s £88.5million signing until next season. The Ukraine international arrived at Stamford Bridge in January amid a wave of triumphalism after Chelsea beat London rivals Arsenal to the signature of the highly-rated winger. Mudryk gave an immediate glimpse of his talent during an eye-catching debut as a second half substitute against Liverpool at Anfield but has struggled ever since. Indeed, his first six appearances for Chelsea are yet to yield either a goal or an assist and he was an unused substitute in the recent victories over Leeds United and Borussia Dortmund that have gone a long way to solidifying Potter’s position at the helm ‘He’s a player we believe in a lot,’ said Potter when asked why Mudryk had made an inauspicious start to his Chelsea career. ‘He’s adapting. When he arrived, he was in a start of a pre-season campaign. To hit the Premier League running, it’s not easy to do. ‘Day by day he’s getting stronger. He’s in the squad, chance he can play.’ Mason Mount, meanwhile, will not be fit enough to make the trip to the King Power and Potter will also have to make do without Reece James.  ‘He probably needs a little bit more time (before returning from injury). He is happy around the place and wants to help the team, that is normal with Mason. ‘He wants the team to win, be injury free, and play football.’ Whether the England international remains part of Potter’s long-term plans remain to be seen, however, with a resolution to his ongoing contract saga unlikely to be found any time soon. Of Mount’s situation, Potter said: ‘It’s between the club and Mason. I’ve spoken to him numerous times – situation, life and football. He’s a fantastic person, sometimes these things happen, complicated. It’s best I speak little and for them to decide what’s right. ‘I’m not naive and I know it’s an important contract for him. These things have to be right for him and his family and it’s important he makes a decision on that basis.’ MORE : Chelsea to make new approach for Newcastle star Bruno Guimaraes with Manchester City also interested MORE : Brendan Rodgers pinpoints the ‘difficult challenge’ facing Graham Potter ahead of Leicester vs Chelsea For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 