Mira Sorvino has expressed her hurt after her father, Paul Sorvino, was snubbed from the In Memoriam segment at the Oscars 2023. The 95th Academy Awards left out several celebrities who died in the past year, including the likes of Anne Heche and Charlbi Dean. Goodfellas star Sorvino, who died in July aged 83, was among the famous faces accidentally omitted and Mira voiced her devastation shortly afterward, describing it as ‘baffling beyond belief’. Ahead of the prestigious ceremony starting Mira posted a clip of herself winning best supporting actress for Mighty Aphrodite in 1996 as her late dad cried. Captioning the video, Mira wrote: ‘On this Oscars night I am so happy for all of the nominees and the winners, but I am also moved in a thousand different ways when I think of the night I got to share my Academy Award with my Dad, the very great actor Paul Sorvino, who was never nominated. ‘To get to share this blindingly positive moment with my father… My first and best teacher, my beloved Daddy who came to all the school plays and loved from the bottom of his heart, the brilliant thespian whom all his colleagues revered as one of the greatest, to get to give back to him what he had been giving me all my life – love and belief and admiration and gratitude. ‘On this first year after his passing it is truly a bittersweet but beautiful memory. I love you Dad, I miss you so much.’ But Mira later edited the caption after finding out that her father didn’t make it into the In Memoriam segment. The star later edited her caption when she learned of the omission and called on The Academy to ‘make this right.’ She then added: ‘PS when I posted this I had not learned of Dad’s omission and that of several other incredible artists from the in Memoriam section. ‘Incredibly hurt and shocked that my father’s lifelong, irreplaceable, enormous contribution to the world of cinema was overlooked by whomever made that list. ‘We his adoring family, and you, his adoring public, know just how unique and incredible he was. We hope The Academy does something to put this right.’ She also took to Twitter to voice her upset, adding: ‘I for one am remembering Dad on this Oscars night…. ‘It is baffling beyond belief that my beloved father and many other amazing brilliant departed actors were left out. The Oscars forgot about Paul Sorvino, but the rest of us never will!!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 