Dame Helen Mirren has proudly shown off her ‘radical’ long locks, against claims that older women should have shorter hair. The renowned actress, 77, is set to hit our screens in Shazam! Fury of the Gods, where she plays the villain Hespera, but it’s not just the incredible costumes that have caught the eyes of fans, as Dame Helen’s hair-do over the last few months has awarded her praise. Appearing on Lorraine on Wednesday, the Red actress said: ‘You’re not supposed to have longer hair after a certain age. ‘But during Covid I started growing my hair, and I hadn’t actually had long hair since I was in my 20s. ‘And it sort of grew, and grew, and grew, and I couldn’t be bothered to cut it basically. ‘And I thought, do you know what, it’s pretty cool, I think I’ll stick with it for a little while.’ ‘It will come off eventually,’ she added. ‘But I’m kind of enjoying it, it’s quite radical.’ The Queen actress elsewhere spoke about the ‘diverse’ work she has been doing over the last decade. ‘That’s what makes my life so fun, to go from doing Golda or 1923 to doing Shazam, it really is what we enjoy as actors, jumping into all these different worlds,’ she said. Dame Helen continued, talking about ‘flying the flag’ for women over 60: ‘Life doesn’t stop. And creativity doesn’t stop, and passion doesn’t stop, and energy doesn’t stop, unless you decide to stop it. ‘So it’s just to be self-motivated really, and never give up. And find enjoyment, if it’s possible in your life. ‘As you get older, you understand the struggles that people go through, either physical struggles or financial struggles, and life is tough, very tough, and very demanding. ‘And therefore, all the more reason to maintain your energy as far as you can and your health as far as you can.’ Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lorraine Kelly ‘apologises profusely’ after ‘unfortunate’ green screen prank on Good Morning Britain MORE : Lorraine Kelly backs Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s exit from Frogmore Cottage 