Jurgen Klopp believes it was not the right time to overly celebrate after he opted not to fist pump Liverpool supporters following the 7-0 win over Manchester United at Anfield on Sunday. United suffered their heaviest defeat under Erik ten Hag as Cody Gakpo opened the scoring for Liverpool before Klopp’s men went on to score six more without reply in the second half. Mohamed Salah and Darwin Nunez both scored twice, Gakpo added his second of the game with a brilliant close-range finish, while Roberto Firmino struck in the closing stages to complete Liverpool’s rout. Klopp traditionally celebrates significant wins with Liverpool’s supporters with a series of fist pumps towards the Kop or the away end, but the 55-year-old decided against this after the win over United. ‘Yes, it’s not [about being] louder, we have to keep going, just keep,’ Klopp said when asked by the BBC why he did not fist pump the Liverpool supporters. ‘I love that, but obviously I cannot do that after each game. ‘I love that they ask for it… I’m still not overly happy when they sing my song, it’s like, ‘oh god, is there nothing else?’. But I appreciate it, there will be a moment when we achieve what we want to achieve this year, then we have enough time for fist bumps.’ Klopp also described the result as ‘a freak’ but believes Liverpool, who are now three points behind fourth-placed Tottenham with a game in hand in the Premier League, ‘look much more like ourselves’. ‘We need results and performances and tonight we got both. The start of the game was super dominant and super flexible,’ Klopp said. ‘A lot of moments in my mind where we were waiting for the right moment. Second half starts like it starts. Two goals, wonderful and from that moment on we were flying. We know the result is a freak but the performance was outstanding and that is what I take. ‘A few months ago everyone thought it was a good moment to play Liverpool, you can’t say it publicly but everyone thought it, because they felt we were struggling a lot but now it is less of a good moment, we look much more like ourselves. ‘It is important that everyone knows we are here and we are still alive.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 