Tributes have been paid to two teenage boys who were killed in a car crash on Sunday. The families of Riley Hedley, 17, and Mikey Easton, 16, said it was the ‘hardest post ever’ as they remembered their sons. Flowers were left at the scene in Morpeth, Northumberland, today after the collision at around 12.40am. Police were called after a report of a collision on the A196 near Coopies Way. Officers and emergency services arrived but Riley and Mikey were pronounced dead at the scene. One tribute left near the site of the crash read: ‘Fly high Mikey.’ Mikey’s dad wrote on social media: ‘Hardest post ever. Fly high my beautiful little boy…..Totally gutted, devastated hope you are peace my little angel dad and mam love you so much’ according to The Sun. His sister Ebony posted: ‘I can’t believe you are gone it doesn’t feel real, we miss you so much already, honestly I don’t know what to say I’m still so shocked you’re gone but we had some great times and even better memories.’ Meanwhile, Riley’s sister wrote: ‘Don’t even know where to put myself lost my best friend and my brother,still don’t even think it’s real, just sat waiting for you to ring me and wind me up like you normally do,you were far too good for this world. Police have said both families are being supported by specialist officers. Earlier today Sergeant Craig Bartle, of Northumbria Police said: ‘This is an incredibly tragic incident involving two young men who had their whole lives ahead of them. ‘Our thoughts go out to both the young men’s families and close ones as they attempt to come to terms with today’s devastating news. ‘We will support them in every way we can and ask that the family’s privacy is respected.’ Sergeant Bartle added: ‘An investigation has been launched to establish the circumstances surrounding the collision and we’re asking for anyone who has not yet spoken to us to get in touch, especially if you were travelling in the area and may have some information or dashcam footage that could help our enquiries.’ Northumberland Police are urging witnesses or anyone with information to call 101, quoting log NP-20230312-0045. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.