Hundreds of people from Leicester to Oxford have heard the roaring sound of a ‘sonic boom’ police confirmed was from piercingly fast fighter jets. Startled residents across south and east England say their houses rattled as the noise of a mysterious ‘explosion’ tore through the air at around 12:10pm. People leapt onto Twitter to ask a stream of panicked questions: ‘What happened?’, ‘Did you anyone else hear that?’ and even ‘Aircraft or meteor?’ While Facebook community groups for people in Rugby, Witney, Daventry, Bicester and beyond all asked the same thing: ‘Sonic boom?’ Not knowing the cause of the sound, some described how the ground ‘shook’ during the ‘frightening explosion’. Twitter user Dr Jon Sutton said: ‘Massive boom heard over a wide area of Leicestershire. Aircraft, or meteor?’ Another user said: ‘Just had what I believe a sonic boom in Leicester, the house literally shook, heard across Leicestershire.’ One man tweeting under the name ‘Grumpy’ said: ‘Loud bang. Patio door shakes. All the birds in the area in the air. Sonic boom? Explosion?’ A sonic boom is a deafening noise that people on the ground hear when something flies faster than the speech of sound, which is about 760mph, all but shattering the air and creating a massive soundwave. The authorities said the noise was Royal Air Force (RAF) fighter jets known as Typhoons being scrambled after mission control lost contact with a plane. A Typhoon, also known as Eurofighter Typhoon, can be supersonic in 30 seconds and reach 1,100mph in just over two minutes from take-off. Essex Police said the aloof aircraft was diverted to Stansted Airport and landed at around 12:50pm. A spokesman for Essex Police, said: ‘A flight has been diverted to Stansted Airport after communications with the pilot had been lost. ‘The plane was escorted to the airport by RAF jets and landed shortly before 12.50pm today (Saturday, March 4). ‘Officers are engaging with the pilot and enquiries are ongoing.’ Leicestershire Police added: ‘We have received numerous calls in relation to a large explosion sound heard from various parts of the city and county. ‘We like to reassure you that there is no concern however thank you for your immediate response to us.’ Metro.co.uk contacted Northamptonshire Police for comment. Did you hear the ‘sonic boom’? Get in touch by emailing josh.milton@metro.co.uk or emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.