Nationwide ambulance strikes have been called off after government officials agreed to reopen pay talks with unions. GMB, which represents NHS and ambulances workers, said there had been a ‘huge shift’ in the government’s position over wages. More than 13,000 ambulance workers had been set to walk out on Monday and March 20. The Department for Health and Social Care had for months refused to go ahead with an improved pay deal amid a cost-of-living crisis, severe staff shortages and record waits for patient care. But in a statement today, GMB said it has had ‘assurances’ that there is money for pay increases this year and next above existing budgets. Talks, the union added, will begin next week. Rachel Harrison, GMB national secretary, said: ‘GMB ambulance workers announced a tightening of the derogations for cover on strike days. ‘Less than 24 hours later we received a letter from the Secretary of State for Health, Steve Barclay, inviting us and other unions to pay talks. ‘This is a huge shift from the Government, who for months have refused to consider negotiations on pay. ‘Now, they are saying they are willing to sit down and talk. ‘The Government has given assurances of additional cash for both years above existing budgets and that any deal will respect the existing Agenda for Change structure. ‘GMB’s ambulance workers have agreed to suspend industrial action so talks can begin – however the strike will return with a vengeance should talks break down.’ But trade union Unite, which also represents ambulance workers, say its strikes will go ahead on March 6 and 8 in a unanimous decision. A breakthrough is not in sight as the Government offered ‘unreasonable pre-conditions for starting talks’, the union said. Unite executive head of operations Gail Cartmail said: ‘The Government has said for months that it cannot negotiate and then when suddenly it is prepared to, it lists a series of totally unreasonable pre-conditions for starting talks. ‘This isn’t a negotiation it’s an ultimatum.’ Emergency services are at a breaking point, health unions have said. Ambulance drivers have raised alarms about patients sometimes waiting hours for paramedics to arrive. But their wait doesn’t end there. The time it takes for a patient to be dropped off at A&E is on the rise, with some facing delays of more than an hour. Beds are few and far between in emergency rooms due to overcrowding, leading to lines of ambulances waiting outside hospitals. Both of these issues, as well as staffing shortage and post-pandemic burnout, come on top of issues within the NHS worsened by a decade of government cuts. Nursing unions have pointed to long waits in emergency rooms, backlogs for operations and appointments and staff choosing between food or fuel. The move in England comes after a similar breakthrough in Wales. Unite and GMB postponed job action after a ‘positive and intensive set of negotiations’ today – though more will take place on Monday. The unions now conduct further talks with Welsh Ambulance and the Welsh government. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.