This week, we’re in the waning Moon phase, moving into Venus in Taurus. It’s a time of closing in, drawing the curtains, getting closer to those we’re already close to, finishing off things we’re already halfway through, seeing things through, and reflecting on our life. Quiet, thoughtful, ruminative. No major moves needed. No massive action ahead. A quiet week (she says…). Let the tarot guide you towards the precious, close-to-home things in your life that require your attention this week March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Page of Coins Meaning: Education is your ruminative, reflection theme. The Page of Coins asks you to think about what you have learnt this year already, what has been a lesson, what was new news, what has prompted a change of heart or thinking. Also think about what education you might benefit from right now – professional advice, coaching, mentoring, formal classes, workshopping, reading, research, physical instruction… You decide. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Eight of Coins Meaning: Your stamina and endurance is your ruminative, reflection theme. The Eight of Coins is about pushing on and finishing when you are tired and fed up. The job is worth the effort, even now. Perhaps there’s something you need to get done this week, nothing to do here but grit your teeth, set the timer, schedule a mini reward, and get on with it. If you feel super tired, look to your diet and health regimes for ways to boost your vitality. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: The Emperor Meaning: Power and control is your ruminative, reflection theme. The Emperor brings matters of power dynamics to your attention. Are you in control where you need or want to be? Are you in thrall to another in an unhealthy way? Are you actually the boss and dominating someone else’s energies? Be honest. Be compassionate. Be clear what is going on and what you’re going to do to redress any imbalances. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Ten of Coins Meaning: Security is your ruminative, reflection theme. TBH, security is never far from your thoughts anyway, you crave safety and protection, you’re a sensitive-shelled crab. The Ten of Coins sees you thinking about what seeds you need to sow now in order to have a fruitful future, in order for your health, wealth and home to be in good shape and for you to have the nest and safety net you want in place. Start now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Ace of Wands Meaning: Creativity is your ruminative, reflection theme. You are oh-so ready to start a new hobby, class, activity, creative project, arts, workshop, lifestyle regime, aspiration. The Ace of Wands brings a surge of genuine enthusiasm for something new your way, don’t suppress this or swipe it away in favour of work or obligations. Lean into your passions and interests, give them your full attention, and resolve to start something new, which satisfies them, this very week! Be creative, be inspired, be excited. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: The High Priestess Meaning: Psychic knowing is your ruminative, reflection theme. Crikey, that sounds deep! Well, it is. The High Priestess is the tarot’s grand dame of psychic and intuitive knowledge. She turns up when you need to get your cards, crystal ball, meditation mat, or pendulum out and see what lies within. Tap into that inner voice. Listen to your gut instincts. Spend all week journalling, mirror talking, and tapping into what you know is right, deep down. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Nine of Wands Meaning: Fear is your ruminative, reflection theme. The Nine of Wands hints there’s something you’re scared to face, address, or overcome. And we all know that there’s nothing worse than the fear itself. You have let this thing build up in your mind to become a dreadful, terrible ordeal. It won’t be. It is not half as dire as you worry it is. So, stop circling it and make a plan of action. This time next week you will be on the other side of this hurdle. Much happier. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Ace of Cups Meaning: New love is your ruminative, reflection theme. You are falling in love, rekindling a passion, or considering bringing a new love into your world (a child, a pet, a project). The Ace of Cups asks you to notice your feelings, notice your desires, notice what you hope for in this endeavour. Can you bring any life lessons to bear here? We all have relationship history, what would you not want to repeat? What would you want to be different now? Live, love, and learn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Page of Cups Meaning: Wonder is your ruminative, reflection theme. I use that word deliberately as it invokes a sense of childhood, of magic, of anything is possible. You feel like that naturally, in your best self state, anyway. What creates that feeling in you right now? Where do you feel there’s enchantment or endless possibility or wonderful new ideas around you? Gravitate to those people, places, and activities. That is where you need to be. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Nine of Swords Meaning: Truth is your ruminative, reflection theme. The Nine of Swords is the tarot’s therapy card and it shows up when we’re bottling up our feelings, hiding our fears, letting things get too dark and ugly. We need to release, talk it out, expel the emotions, release those heavy feelings. Do that this week. Talk to yourself, your mirror, your other half. Say the unsayable. Get it out. The relief will be immense. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Six of Swords Meaning: Completion is your ruminative, reflection theme. The Six of Swords is a clear and present signal that you’re ready to end something and move on. It has run its course, reached a natural conclusion, come to the end of its viability. It’s normal and natural. It’s necessary to acknowledge this, make a formal exit, and release what once was. This is life. Ebb and flow. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Queen of Coins Meaning: Protection is your ruminative, reflection theme. Safety is very important to you but you need to take responsibility for bringing that sense to your world yourself. The Queen of Coins ask you to identify, ideate, and repair anywhere in your life where you feel vulnerable, exposed, or unsafe. Focus on work, money, home and health. Focus on positive steps you can take to feel you’re taking control. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : The Full Moon in Virgo urges you to review your routines – your star sign’s tarot horoscope MORE : Women in tarot: Card meanings and what the icon you resonate with says about you MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023