As relations between the Royals and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle plummet to an all-time low, the couple have been asked to ‘vacate’ Frogmore Cottage, their London home. The couple have confirmed that a ‘request’ was made by King Charles – with sources saying it was a direct result of Harry’s autobiography Spare ‘crossing a line’. In the book, he branded the Queen Consort as a ‘wicked stepmother’. Reports suggest that the King may offer Frogmore Cottage to Prince Andrew after evicting him from his £30m Windsor mansion, Royal Lodge – who can also expect to see his cut of the Royal purse reduced as part of the King’s plans for a slimmed-down monarchy. So where exactly is Frogmore Cottage? Who else has lived there, and what is it like inside? Here’s what you need to know. Frogmore Cottage is in the grounds of Windsor Castle, Berkshire, and was a wedding gift to the couple from the late Queen Elizabeth. Built in 1801, the ten-bedroomed, Grade II listed building had been empty for some time and underwent a multi-million pound refurbishment before Harry and Meghan moved in during 2019. The £2.4m bill for the building work was initially funded by the taxpayer, which the couple subsequently repaid. It’s in the grounds of the 17th century Frogmore House, where the couple had their wedding reception. According to Tatler, it was built for Queen Charlotte in 1801 when it ‘was onsidered fashionable for the rich to build secluded and large homes under the disguise of a rural cottage’. The Queen wanted a country retreat for herself and her unmarried daughters, and the name Frogmore came from the excessive number of frogs found in the marshy land. Later, the cottage was later split into five units to house royal staff. It featured in the Netflix documentary, Harry & Meghan, showing that the original doors, windows and period features were retained, and the ten-bedroomed cottage is decorated in a muted colour scheme. Plans to develop an annexe for Meghan’s mother, Doria, didn’t go ahead and the couple only lived in Frogmore Cottage for a year before relocating to the US, after the pressures of Royal life took their toll on Meghan. Aside from Prince Harry and Meghan, Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank moved in temporarily at the end of 2020 for six weeks. The couples are close friends. Other past residents include Queen Victoria’s attendant Abdul Karim (as featured in the movie Victoria & Abdul) – the Queen visited him there almost daily. In the 1920s, following the Russian revolution, Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna stayed there with several of her sons and their families. While the cottage itself is out of bounds, Frogmore House is open to the public. You can visit on certain days of the year – at the moment there is no indication on the website when those days will be this year. The site also offers details for group visits, which must be booked in advance. MORE : Young Charles’s letter to ‘poorly’ Queen Mother found by couple in their loft MORE : Harry and Meghan don’t need Frogmore Cottage – but it can’t be given to Prince Andrew Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below