It was a super sweet moment for The Office fans everywhere as Steve Carell reunited with his former co-stars Jenna Fischer and Angela Kinsey. The Evan Almighty actor, 60 played the flawed but lovable paper company boss Michael Scott in the American version of the deadpan sitcom. Despite leaving the programme in season seven in 2011, it’s clear that the show has a special place in Steve’s heart as he was the latest guest on Jenna (Pam Beesly) and Angela’s (Angela Martin) Office Ladies podcast. ‘Steve Carell is on Office Ladies podcast today!’ Jenna wrote. ‘Listen wherever you get your podcasts! And, link in bio! It is everything you hope it will be. All the feels. Love you Steve!’ Of course fans were living for the surprise get-together, with one person writing: ‘Everybody stay calm. Everybody stay fu**ing calm!!!!!’ Clearly wanting to hear more, another added: ‘Thanks guys but one hour IS NEVER ENOUGH.’ A third enthused: ‘THE GANG IS BACK TOGETHER’ During the hour-long chat, the Despicable Me star admitted that he still looks into the camera when he’s not supposed to on his other projects. ‘I have never had a job where I didn’t look into the camera at some point,’ he said. ‘Same for me!’ Angela replied. ‘I actually had a director say “Um, Angela. You just looked right down the barrel.”‘ Fans have been demanding a reboot of the US adaptation of Ricky Gervais’ hit sitcom ever since we said goodbye to Dunder Mifflin in 2013, with director Paul Feig recently telling Metro.co.uk that he wouldn’t be on board for a reunion unless the whole cast was involved. ‘I know they’ve talked about trying to do a new Office,’ he said. ‘For me The Office is that cast. Steve Carell, John Krasinski, Rainn [Wilson], Jenna [Fischer] and the whole gang.’ The Office is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Bay fans heap praise on ‘belter’ opening as Marsha Thomason returns for season 4: ‘Harrowing start that’ MORE : Creed III smashes box office with highest-grossing opening for sports movie in history  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 