Britain has been told to braze for blizzard conditions amid heavy snowfall tonight. Amber warnings have been issued for central and northern England, northern Wales and eastern parts of Northern Ireland. A number of National Severe Weather Warnings are in place across the UK as the wild weather continues to cause disruption through the week. Temperatures dipped to -16°C last night in Altnaharra, the Scottish Highlands which is the coldest March night in the UK since March 2010. The Met Office continues to warn of travel disruption, possible power cuts and a good chance that some rural communities could become cut off. Meteorologist Jason Kelly said: ‘The boundary between milder and colder air is gradually moving north, with some heavy and persistent snow likely at times on the northern edge of this boundary. ‘Snow has already settled quite widely in centrals parts of the UK and further accumulations are likely even to lower levels with disruption most likely for those within the amber warning areas. ‘With some strong winds accompanying these snow showers, blizzard conditions are likely for a time in northern England and Wales, as well as parts of Northern Ireland. ‘Ice will be a continuing hazard for many in the forecast period, with very low overnight temperatures likely to exacerbate continued likely travel disruption.’ High winds will represent an additional hazard for those with heavy snow, with significantly deeper snowdrifts possible and very poor travel conditions. Within the wider yellow warning areas through Thursday and Friday, 2-4cm of snow could accumulate quite widely, with 5-10cm possible in a few places. Night-time sub-zero temperatures are predicted in all four UK nations until at least Friday. Leading charities have encouraged the elderly to take ‘simple precautions’ as the country grapples with snow and freezing temperatures. Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, said: ‘With much of the UK waking up to snow this morning we are urging older people to do all they can to keep warm and take care. ‘With high energy bills and food prices still rocketing it is understandable that many may think they have to cut back on food and turn their heating off, but prolonged exposure to cold temperatures can have a substantial impact on their health. ‘Having plenty of hot food and drinks throughout the day can help keep the health risks of the cold at bay, as can taking simple precautions such as wrapping up warm when going outside and sleeping with the windows closed at night.’ The cold snap comes as energy prices have risen dramatically since last year following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Ofgem, the government’s independent energy regulator, said information and advice for consumers can be found on their website, and that the Energy Bills Support Scheme can provide ‘valuable extra cash for bills’. A spokesperson for the ENA, which represents the UK’s energy network operators, said: ‘We’ve provided information to help at powercut105.com, including what to do if the power goes out. ‘The energy networks will be monitoring the weather forecast closely as it develops this week and are ready to take action if needed.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.