Aldi and Lidl will soon become the latest major supermarkets to remove limits on shoppers buying fresh fruit and vegetables. The two German grocers joined three other chains last month by introducing purchase caps on customers amid a fresh produce shortage. Aldi said in a statement today: ‘From Monday (March 13), Aldi will remove all purchasing restrictions on fresh produce – including limits on tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers.’ Lidl will also have lifted all rationing on fruit and veg by Monday, which it first introduced as a precautionary measure. Asda and Morrisons peeled back some of their own limits earlier this week. Asda scrapped the limits of three on cucumbers, lettuce, salad bags, broccoli, cauliflower and raspberries over the past week. Now there is only a three-item limit on tomatoes and peppers. Availability has improved overall and aisle shelves should return to normal levels within a couple of weeks, Asda added. Morrisons, meanwhile, removed the maximum cap on cucumbers, now only limiting customers to two tomatoes, lettuce and peppers in their baskets. Shoppers first started seeing shortages in late February, with tomatoes being among the first vegetables to vanish without a trace. Other fruits and vegetables soon did the same vanishing act, including cucumbers, peppers and lettuce. Retail bosses and food system experts pointed to a raft of reasons why this was happening, from the Russia-Ukraine War and Brexit to chilly temperatures in Spain. According to Fepex, which represents Spanish producers, tomato sales have plummeted 22% in the province of Almería. And other vegetables nosedived too. Pepper and eggplants fell 25% and cucumbers dipped 21%. Production problems in Morocco also threw a spanner in the works, with frosty weather affecting tomato ripening. The snowballing impact of the weather then led to ferries and lorry deliveries being cancelled. Domestically, experts said rising electricity costs meant some farmers couldn’t afford to keep their greenhouses on. While many British grocers rely on cheaper food imports rather than invest in local production. In the face of growing anger among farmers and customers, already exhausted by the cost of living crisis, environment secretary Thérèse Coffey had an idea. Eat turnips instead. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.