The Oscars have reportedly refused Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s request to be part of this year’s ceremony. Zelensky has appeared virtually on multiple awards shows and festivals, but the Oscars, which will take place in LA on March 12, will reportedly not be inviting him to attend. It’s been over a year since Russia invaded Ukraine in what has become a devastating war. But the glitzy ceremony will not be offering President Zelensky screen time – for the second year in a row. Variety reported that sources say WME power agent Mike Simpson asked the Academy to include President Zelensky, but was rejected. The publication says the Academy declined to comment. It’s not clear why Zelensky, whose career started in showbusiness, was reportedly snubbed from the ceremony this year – or last year – but one explanation could be that the Oscars might want to keep the ceremony focused on film and apart from politics. It is not the first event to do so, as Toronto Film Festival (TFF) denied a request for President Zelensky to appear via satellite in September. A spokesperson said at the time the festival ‘does not comment on discussions with dignitaries, government officials or international embassies.’ They added that TFF ‘stands in solidarity with Ukranians both here at home and abroad and is proud to showcase the depth and creativity of Ukrainian filmmakers at this year’s festival.’ Since Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine last year, President Zelensky has met with many international leaders and asked for help with support, arms and resources, many of whom have answered the call. In December, Zelensky visited the US to meet with President Biden to urge Congress to send more military aid to Ukraine, just as last year saw the American population slowly losing interest in the conflict, which is happening on European shores. Metro.co.uk have contacted The Oscars for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside war rooms where President Zelensky leads fightback against Putin MORE : Sarah Ferguson could attend Oscars and present award due to Elvis Presley link 