Raphael Varane berated his Manchester United teammates after they snubbed their supporters at Anfield after the 7-0 defeat to Liverpool on Sunday. Erik ten Hag’s side suffered a humiliating afternoon at the hands of Jurgen Klopp’s men, with Cody Gakpo, Mohamed Salah and Darwin Nunez all scoring twice, while Roberto Firmino struck in the closing stages to seal Liverpool’s dominant second half. Immediately after the final whistle as both sets of players were shaking hands, Varane was furious with some of his United teammates for heading straight down the tunnel. Alejandro Garnacho and Antony Elanga were the two players who failed to acknowledge United’s travelling supporters before a visibly angry Varane pointed and instructed them to walk over to the away section. Tyrell Malacia also headed straight for the tunnel and didn’t appear to hear Varane’s shout, while Marcus Rashford, who was was on the bench after coming off as a late substitute, also failed to acknowledge United’s away fans and went straight down the tunnel following the full-time whistle. Speaking after United’s defeat, Ten Hag branded his side’s performance against Liverpool as ‘unprofessional’. ‘I think we played a decent first half. One mistake in organisation just before half-time,’ Ten Hag told BBC Sport. ‘Second half it was just not us. It was not our standards. We didn’t play as a team. It was unprofessional. ‘I am surprised because I have seen the last weeks and months this team is resilient and has a winning attitude. Second half we didn’t have a winning attitude at all. We didn’t stick to the plan and we didn’t do our jobs. ‘We didn’t track back and it was really unprofessional. We have seen in the past we can bounce back. After Brentford, after Manchester City. This is definitely a strong setback and is unacceptable. I’m really disappointed and angry about it. ‘It is a reality check. We have to take this strong.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 