Two neighbors who lived yards away from each other for 40 years, without ever meeting, fell in love after connecting on the Nextdoor app. Chris Place, 44, was using the social network to hunt for bargains when he spotted Michelle Tooby, 42. After seeing her profile picture and being immediately lovestruck, Chris, from Mansfield, decided he would drop Michelle a message and the pair began chatting. It was only when the couple went on their first date they realised how much they had in common. They had played in the same park as kids, both had children at the same school, and, incredibly, had never bumped into each other, despite living only a few minutes apart their whole lives. Chris and Michelle have now been together for seven months, and see a lot more of each other. Chris described how he and Michelle have ‘crossed paths no end of times since we were very young.’ He said: ‘It’s like it just wasn’t meant to happen until now. It was the last thing I expected. I was looking for something out of the ordinary and that’s exactly what I found. ‘There’s just something about the way she looks that really captures me. She’s a very kind person and you can see that in her face. ‘I mean don’t get me wrong, she can be very sassy too. ‘As soon as we started chatting we got on like a house on fire: there was something extraordinarily special about it. ‘We’re planning for the future but I haven’t popped the question yet. It’s great because if we get married our surname will be Place-Tooby – like ‘place-to-be”. Michelle recalled how ‘neither of us were looking for love’ and said ‘we’d completely given up.’ She added: ‘I’m so glad we’ve found each other. It’s so different from the way I’ve felt about someone before. It’s just meant to be, and it’s the right time now. It’s like our relationship waited for the right moment.’ MORE : Could 10-minute ‘micro-dating’ actually improve your love life? MORE : Kirsty Gallacher ‘more ready’ for relationship amid Paddy McGuinness romance rumours