Match of the Day 2 will go ahead on Sunday evening but will be without a presenter, pundits or match commentary. After the BBC decided to take Lineker off the air in response to his post on Twitter which compared the language used in a Home Office video on immigration policy with Nazi Germany, several presenters, pundits and commentators withdrew from participating on Saturday’s football shows. Football Focus and Final Score were both cancelled, while Match of the Day, which Lineker has hosted for over 22 years, was shortened to a 20-minute episode where only match highlights were shown with no commentary, analysis or post-match interviews with managers or players. The BBC have now confirmed that Match of the Day 2, which will show highlights of Sunday’s four Premier League games as well as a recap of Saturday’s matches, will run in a scaled-down format. Mark Chapman was due to be hosting the show which airs at 10.30PM on Sunday evening. Former Tottenham, West Ham and England striker Jermain Defoe announced on Saturday that he would not be working on Match of the Day 2 in solidarity with Lineker. ‘It’s always such a privilege to work with BBC MOTD. But tomorrow I have taken the decision to stand down from my punditry duties,’ Defoe wrote on Twitter. BBC News sports editor Dan Roan said on Twitter: ‘At this stage BBC expecting the planned WSL match between Chelsea and Manchester United this afternoon to be on BBC2, but with no pre-match presentation.   ‘Expecting MOTD2 to follow similar much-reduced format to MOTD last night.’ The BBC have also confirmed that their top-of-the-table Women’s Super League match between Chelsea and Manchester United will also be without a presenter or pundits, while commentary will be taken from a world feed broadcast. Reshmin Chowdhury was due to host the BBC’s coverage of Chelsea’s match against United at Kingsmeadow. Meanwhile, Alex Scott, who is one of the BBC’s leading presenters for women’s football, announced on Saturday that she had withdrawn from hosting Football Focus. ‘I made a decision last night that even though I love doing football focus and we have had an incredible week winning an SJA award that it just doesn’t feel right going ahead with the show today. Hopefully I will be back in the chair next week,’ Scott wrote on Twitter. Kelly Somers, who is also one of the leading figures in the BBC’s women’s football coverage, also announced on Saturday that would not take part in any of the programmes. Speaking on Saturday evening, BBC director general Tim Davie made it clear that he is keen for Lineker to return. ‘Success for me is getting Gary back on air and together we are giving to the audiences that world-class sports coverage which, as I say, I’m sorry we haven’t been able to deliver today,’ Davie said. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 