This is the moment a group of protesters in Georgia banded together to protect a woman brandishing an EU flag from being attacked by riot police wielding a water cannon. Thousands took to the streets of Tbilisi last night to protest a controversial new ‘foreign agents’ law, which Georgia’s president says was ‘dictated by Moscow.’ Video footage and photographs of the event saw demonstrators chant ‘down with the Russian law’  and ‘You are Russian’ as they squared off against armoured police, who attempted to disperse the crowd using tear gas and violent tactics. The new law, backed by the ruling Georgian Dream party, would require any organisations receiving more than 20% of their funding from overseas to register as ‘foreign agents’, or face substantial fines. Critics have said it is reminiscent of a 2012 law in Russia that has since been used to crack down on dissent. In Russia, a foreign agent law is often used to shut down organizations and news outlets that report voices critical of the government. The European Union has warned Georgia that by adopting this law it would harm its prospects of ever joining the bloc, while the US embassy described the legislation as ‘Kremlin-inspired.’ Georgian authorities have faced mounting international criticism over perceived backsliding on democratic reforms, including the jailing of ex-leader Mikheil Saakashvili. In what would prove to be one of the defining images of the night, a lone protester waving an EU flag advanced upon the police while nearby demonstrators were swept off their feet by powerful water cannons. Refusing to back down in the face of police aggression, the woman stood her ground and continued to wave the flag at police while ducking a blast from the cannon and narrowly avoiding several others. As the police start to hone in on the woman several more protestors come to her aid, forming a human shield to protect her from the attacks and weathering several blows from the powerful cannon. Despite taking a number of direct hits, the mass of people eventually proves too dense for the cannon to disperse, and the demonstrator triumphantly waves her flag in defiance of the police as they fail to knock her down. Hours earlier police had clashed with demonstrators, some of whom threw petrol bombs and stones. The crowd then gathered outside parliament, where some people pulled aside light metal barriers designed to keep the public away from the building. At least 66 people have since been arrested in connection with the protests, which is now under investigation by the ministry of internal affairs. Around 50 police officers were also reported to have been injured during the clash. Although Georgia’s prime minister is supportive of the law, the country’s President Salome Zourabichvili sided with the protesters and said she will veto the law if it crosses her desk. ‘You represent a free Georgia, a Georgia which sees its future in the West, and won’t let anyone take this future away,’ she said in an address recorded in the United States, where she is on an official visit. Russia is generally viewed as an enemy by many Georgians, after Moscow backed separatists in the breakaway Georgian regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia in the 1990s. Georgia’s opposition parties called for fresh protests on Wednesday, which is a public holiday in Georgia to mark International Women’s Day. Khatia Dekanoidze, a member of the opposition National Movement Rally, told parliament: ‘Everyone should understand that saving our country, saving our young generation, saving our future lies only through the European path.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.