Gary Neville is confident Manchester United will finish the Premier League season above Arsenal but fears Erik ten Hag’s rejuvenated side will fall just short of winning the title. The Dutchman celebrated the first trophy of his tenure on Sunday as United continued their outstanding form to beat Newcastle at Wembley and underline the progress that has been made in recent months. With the first leg of what would be an unprecedented quadruple complete, United will be looking to progress to the quarter finals of the FA Cup this evening at the expense of a struggling West Ham side. United remain outsiders for the league title given they are eight points behind current leaders Arsenal, who play Everton at home this evening, and face a daunting trip to arch rivals Liverpool on Sunday. Neville has, however, been steadfast in his belief that Mikel Arteta’s side will fail to last the pace and although successive wins over Leicester and Aston Villa suggest they are over their recent blip, the former United skipper believes his oldside will eventually leapfrog the Gunners. He told The Overlap: ‘That’s my inkling earlier in the season, what normally happens is one team gets so close they realise they can’t win it and then they just go like that in the last two or three games. ‘You lose two games and then all of a sudden someone else goes above you. I thought City would win the league and United would finish second two or three months ago.  ‘To be fair, I’m not going to change my mind on it. I still think City are going to win the league even though Arsenal, the closer it gets… but 14 games is still a long way to go. I still think United will finish second.’ Arsenal, meanwhile, will be looking to avenge their recent defeat at Goodison Park when they entertain the struggling Toffees at the Emirates Stadium whose manager, Sean Dyche, boasts a strong recent record against Arsenal. ‘It’s a case of doing things better than we did when we played them a few weeks ago and earning the right to win the game,’ said Arteta when asked how his side could look to re Hopefully tomorrow we will play much better than we did that day. ‘It’s like with any opponent. We showed them what they do, what they are about, what we expect to do to try to beat them and nothing different. Obviously with Sean it’s quite clear what he’s done and where the success they’ve had is coming from. Tomorrow we’ll prepare the game in an appropriate and similar way [to the away match]. ‘But with every manager, it’s the same. We have to look at certain matches, what they do and try to get the right tactics to beat them – and as well the same mentality and expectation of what we demand in the game.’ MORE : Mikel Arteta told Arsenal why they lost to Everton and how to turn it round, says Takehiro Tomiyasu MORE : Chris Sutton makes Arsenal v Everton and Man Utd v West Ham predictions ahead of Premier League and FA Cup fixtures For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 