Doctors have issued a dire warning to those who use cocaine – and shared an extremely graphic image alongside it. Medics have shared a picture of a man’s nose being rebuilt during surgery to hammer home their message. Drugs cut with ingredients like de-worming medicines used by vets have this impact on the nose, doctors say. The warning coincides with a rise in the number of people being treated by ear, nose and throat medics due to cocaine use. Fraser, who only used his first name, spoke to the BBC about how the drug caused severe damage to his nasal septum. He only felt comfortable going out in public once the pandemic hit as he was able to wear a mask over his collapsed nose. Fraser was told by his GP his nose may have to be removed and replaced by a prosthetic structure. Natarajan Balaji, an ENT consultant at University Hospital Monklands was able to perform reconstructive surgery on him. Fraser told the BBC: ‘Having been told I would lose my nose and to then be told they would be able to rebuild it was incredible. ‘However, I am one of the lucky ones as I started taking cocaine for fun and it was a part of my life for a long time. ‘I am not ashamed of that but I do want other people to think of the damage that snorting cocaine can do to not just their nose but their body.’ He added: ‘I am extremely lucky and have changed my life but my story could have been very different and I could be going to bed at night removing my prosthetic nose.’ Mr Balaji warned the drug is often laced with substances like de-worming tablets for cats and dogs and fever-reducing drugs used in veterinary medicines. Cocaine also contains acids which are added to other ingredients which have the affect of causing the blood vessel muscles to contract very strongly. After use a few times this causes the nasal structure to die and can eventually cause people to lose their nose. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.