Katherine Ryan joked she felt strange sitting down to watch teenagers and young adults ‘get off with each other’ on Love Island with her partner Bobby Kootstra. The comedian, 39, has been in a civil partnership with her long-term lover Bobby, 40, since 2019 and the pair share two children together – Fred, one, and Fenna Grace, three months. When chatting about the current series of Love Island – that is currently underway on ITV – the star revealed she felt uncomfortable watching ‘teenagers’ enter romantic relationships on the telly. She exclusively admitted her thoughts on the popular dating show to Metro.co.uk while cuddling her tiny tot in her London home. ‘We enjoy Love Island but it’s a bit young for us now,’ The Duchess actress began. Katherine continued sharing: ‘And also, I don’t know, I just… there’s something that feels wrong about me watching teenagers get off with each other. ‘But if they were all my age and older, like if you want to see a 50-year-old divorced woman on the prowl like that is television that I can really sink my teeth into because these women presumably would be like me’. The TV star went on to explain what she felt was missing from the franchise and urged producers to introduce a version of the show for older people. She highlighted: ‘I think it’s high time that we have a middle-aged, very pale, very married woman on love island just to shake things up. ‘They’d be completely uninhibited and they’d have some life experience. That’s the Love Island that I want to see’. The star also divulged what type of islander she would be on the show: ‘Ten years ago I might have been a little body conscious going on the show – even though my body was perfect 10 years ago – but now you’d see me topless, breastfeeding during the fire chats. ‘I have zero hangups about that anymore so I think it would very quickly normalise bodies like mine’. While Katherine won’t be joining the cast of the reality show, she did make sure she helped everyone prepare for the upcoming final by working on a limited-edition range of quirky popcorn flavours with Gousto. The meal subscription box company are offering the chance to try flavours that include a Sunday roast, katsu curry and Hawaiian pizza as part of their brand-new Flavour that Pops campaign. Ahead of the Oscars, Katherine Ryan is supporting Gousto’s Flavour That Pops campaign. Visit their website to grab your own FREE box – perfect for film-loving-foodies! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan on the ‘cold, calm panic’ and rollercoaster of events that led her to being locked out of house with newborn inside MORE : Pregnant Katherine Ryan had her baby’s foot in her ribcage during The Masked Singer but still insisted on full choreography 