A dedicated Harry Styles fan has turned down a ridiculous amount of money to destroy her ticket to see him in concert. The young woman was waiting in line for the former One Direction star’s Sydney show this week when she was offered a huge sum to cut up her ticket. She was picked out by producers at The Kyle and Jackie O Show, who first offered $1,500 only to get knocked back. ‘I’m sorry, there’s no way in hell I’m missing this concert,’ she said. Host Kyle Sandilands tested the fan’s resolve and kept upping the price, but she wasn’t budging, despite pausing at $5,000. Her friends and other Harry superfans cheered her on, urging her to turn down the offers as she looked more conflicted and emotional. The radio DJ added: ‘What about $50,000?’, but she replied: ‘No, I’ve never seen Harry live before.’ Kyle’s co-host Jackie ‘O’ Henderson was impressed by her resolve, and hailed the girl for sticking to her guns, saying: ‘I love you, Jess. You are a true Harry Styles fan and you should be proud.’ Other women in the crowd then tried to step up in her place, offering to cut up their own tickets for a big payday. One person said she’d do it for $15,000, while another was willing to skip the concert for $5,000. The Watermelon Sugar hitmaker kicked off the Australian leg of his Love On Tour run in Perth last month, passing through Melbourne and he’s finishing things off in Sydney and Brisbane. His live performances have become known for the way he interacts with his fans, and his recent Gold Coast concert was certainly no different. During the event, a female fan and TikTok user halted proceedings as the 29-year-old star took a break between songs to react to her rather X-rated homemade sign, which read: ‘I think of you when I s**g my boyfriend.’ In a video she shared online, Harry could be seen wandering across the stage as he looked at the sign and feigned shock with raised eyebrows once the message sunk in, before he walked away shaking his head, smiling and laughing to himself. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles playfully reacts to very sexually charged sign from fan during Australia tour MORE : Harry Styles helps smitten couple get engaged during tour show and it’s adorable 