Dan Walker has hit back at Piers Morgan’s claim that he is ‘milking’ the horrific bike crash he experienced last week, calling him out for giving ‘a lesson on bitterness’. The Uncensored host had flung the same accusation at him first, saying he was bitter and ‘washed up on Channel 5 daytime’ after being ‘kicked off Match of the Day and BBC Breakfast’. Now Dan has clapped back with his own savage tweet, referencing Piers as ‘a numptie’ in relation to his interactions with Meghan Markle, and calling out the broadcaster’s habit of criticising the Duchess of Sussex. Presenter Dan, 45, was struck by a car during his commute to work last week and blacked out after the terrifying accident. After suffering nasty injuries, including facial wounds and a black eye, he later stated he was ‘glad to be alive’. The journalist hosted his first gig since the ordeal on Wednesday, helming the Royal Television Society Awards in London. During the glitzy bash, he made a quip about the TalkTV host’s notorious departure from Good Morning Britain, which happened after he stormed off set when he was grilled about his views on Meghan Markle. But the gag did not go down well with Piers, who in retaliation took to Twitter to accuse Dan of ‘milking’ his accident. He wrote: ‘If I were Dan Walker, and I’d been kicked off Match of the Day & BBC Breakfast, then washed up on Channel 5 daytime, and only got press these days by falling off a bike, getting a few grazes, and milking it like I’d survived a terror attack, I’d be this bitter too.’ The tweet attracted a lot of backlash online, with Piers being accused of ‘one of the worst takes in history’. On Thursday night, Dan responded: ‘What a laugh. Interesting idea of taking a lesson on bitterness from a fella who has written article after article attacking a woman who had one drink with him & thought he was a numptie.’ He then added sassily of the awards ceremony: ‘We missed you last night. You should have come,’ adding a red heart emoji. Dan had initially attracted Piers’ wrath by joking on stage on Wednesday: ‘To give you an idea of my mental state, let me put it this way: if a weather presenter were to question me in any way, shape, or form, I’m liable to storm off stage in an enormous huff. ‘I might even go as far as to start a new TV channel based entirely on my ego, which no-one will watch,’ he added, in reference to Piers’ show on TalkTV. Ahead of his first public event following the crash, Dan took the time to thank his make-up artist for ‘covering up the bruises’ ahead of the event. He’s been absent from his Channel 5 show since the accident, the details of which he can’t recall, but wrote in The Times that he was ‘confident’ he’s not to blame. ‘I can’t really remember what they (the driver) looked like, from that moment they were looking over me as I came round, but I do recall that they looked deeply distressed and I imagine it is all they are thinking about at the moment,’ he said. Metro.co.uk has contacted a rep for Piers Morgan for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Colin Farrell recalls ‘lesson in humility’ late friend Dame Elizabeth Taylor gave him as he praises Irish ‘sense of civic duty’ MORE : David Walliams shares rare photos of 9-year-old son as Alfred provides genius free promo for his dad’s new novel on World Book Day 