The son of a former professional footballer and a woman whose sister was killed by a drug driver are among three people dead in a car crash after five went missing for 48 hours following a night out. Eve Smith’s family has reportedly confirmed that the 21-year-old died after a VW Tiguan was in a collision after seemingly coming off the A48 in Wales. Rafel Jeanne, 24, thought to be the son of former Cardiff City and Queens Park Rangers player Leon Jeanne, also lost his life in the tragedy. One other person was killed, while two more were taken to hospital with serious injuries. Eve’s sister Xana was killed in a car crash in January 2015 caused by a male driver who was drunk and had taken cocaine and cannabis, MailOnline reports. Eve is said to have appeared alongside her family in a Sky documentary calling for tougher sentences for dangerous drivers. She and Rafel vanished on Saturday morning, along with Sophie Russon, 20 and Darcy Ross, 21, and Shane Loughlin, 32, after they all went clubbing together. It’s unclear exactly when the car crash happened – but the group was missing for two days before they were discovered in the St Mellons area in the early hours of Monday morning. Their terrified families were frantically searching for them and said they ‘feared the worst’. None of the group had contacted loved ones or been active on social media since the night out. A member of Eve Smith’s family confirmed to The Sun that Eve had died, with friends also posting the devastating news on social media. Tributes have been paid to the young woman, who friends have described as ‘bubbly and beautiful’. One said on Facebook: ‘Gutted and shocked to wake up to the news that Eve Smith and 2 others have passed away. ‘Such a kind-hearted strong women, it don’t seem real, such a young age. So, so, so sad. Taken way too soon. RIP Eve.’ A friend of Rafel’s also took to Facebook to write: ‘Rip lil raf can’t believe what’s happened gutted for your family and your brother’. Another said: ‘There is no way this can be real Rafel Jeanne why bro why’. Sophie’s mum Anna Certowicz, 42, previously claimed police ‘just didn’t seem to think it was worth investigating’. She believes officers ‘assumed that Sophie was hungover somewhere’ and told her to ‘stop ringing’ for updates. ‘They didn’t seem to care. I had to drive to Cardiff to knock on doors myself because they were doing s*d all’, she said. ‘I think they assumed that Sophie was hungover somewhere, but she’s a sensible girl who works in a bank and hasn’t taken a day off for three years.’ Specialist officers are supporting the families of those involved and inquiries are ongoing. The case has been referred to the IOPC in line with normal procedures. Anyone with any information is asked to contact Gwent Police. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.