The petition calling for Gary Lineker to be reinstated on Match of the Day by the BBC is showing no signs of slowing down, reaching 200,000 signatures. This week, it was revealed that the pundit had been asked to step back from the  football programme after comparing the Home Office’s migrant boat policy to Nazi Germany in a tweet. Gary said that he ‘didn’t fear suspension’ by the broadcaster, while several of his colleagues showed solidarity with him, including Alan Shearer and Ian Wright, who both pulled out of presenting Match of the Day. A petition has been set up online calling for the former footballer to be welcomed back to the show, which was replaced by a 20-minute edition due to the presenter boycott. With a goal of 300,000 signatures, at the time of writing, the petition set up by The Mirror has now reached more than 200,000 supporters. As the petition continues to gain traction, a poll was recently conducted by YouGov of 3,682 adults in the UK to ascertain whether they were on Gary’s side or the BBC’s. According to the poll’s findings, the majority of the public – 53% – believe that the BBC was wrong to suspend Gary from Match of the Day, while 27% believe the broadcaster made the right decision. Meanwhile, a fifth of the respondents didn’t know how to respond to the scenario. Just over half of the people polled thought that presenters like those who front Football Focus were right to pull out of the programmes, while 28% thought they were wrong to do so. According to BBC News, 2.6million people tuned in to watch the shortened Match of the Day programme on Saturday night. This marked an increase of nearly half a million viewers in comparison to last week’s programme, audience measurement company Barb concluded. Last night’s edition only aired for 20 minutes and didn’t include any commentary or analysis from the pundits. The show’s famous theme tune was also missing from the broadcast, which featured highlight clips from the day’s matches. Metro.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gary Lineker ‘overwhelmed’ by support after ‘hurtful’ week amidst BBC impartiality row, says son MORE : BBC ditch iconic Match of the Day theme tune in 20-minute episode with no commentary after Gary Lineker row 