Manchester United legend Gary Neville tore into Bruno Fernandes for his ‘disgraceful’ and ’embarassing’ behaviour as Liverpool inflicted a humiliating 7-0 defeat on the Red Devils. The Red Devils suffered their biggest ever Premier League defeat after braces from Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Cody Gakpo and a late seventh from Roberto Firmino. It was a humiliating defeat for Erik ten Hag’s side, who have been on a sensational run of form in recent months. But the fight and spirit that has been on display by United in recent months simply wasn’t evident today, with Lisandro Martinez, Luke Shaw and Antony all guilty of losing their composure. But no player was as guilty of losing their rag as Fernandes, who spent most of the second half making petulant challenges, arguing with officials and losing possession. After the fifth goal went in, Fernandes was stood in the centre circle waiting to take kick-off as Ten Hag brought on Anthony Elanga for Marcus Rashford. Fernandes threw his hands in the air as he saw it was Rashford, not himself, that was being taken off and it was the final nail in the coffin for Neville, who described the Portuguese’s actions as ‘disgraceful’. ‘Bruno Fernandes is stood in the centre circle with his arms raised asking: ‘Why is it me not coming off?’ said Neville.‘Honestly, I have to say some of his behaviour in the second half has been a disgrace.’ Towards the end of the mauling, Neville went even further by describing Fernandes as ’embarassing’. ‘The second half has been an absolute disgrace, a shambles,’ said Neville.‘Epitomised by no-one more than the captain Bruno Fernandes, who I think has been embarrassing at times in this game but I have to say it’s not their usual performance, spirit or form and he [Erik ten Hag] will deal with it very quickly. MORE : Chelsea may activate Tammy Abraham buy-back clause but Man Utd are also interested in move for Roma striker MORE : How many games are in the Premier League and when does the season end? For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 