An aristocrat and her boyfriend were caught on CCTV moments before being arrested, some seven weeks after going on the run. CCTV footage shows Constance Marten and partner Mark Gordon walking past a row of houses in Brighton, both with their hoods up. Walking behind Marten, Gordon can be seen carrying what appears to be a large metal pipe, and can be heard ‘shouting’ at her. Police arrested the couple, who had been on the run since their child was born in early January, moving around the country and paying for everything in cash. But their newborn baby was not with them when they were detained in Monday, and they have not revealed where it is. A neighbour told The Sun the ‘suspicious’ couple walked by her house at 8.40pm with no shopping bags, then returned at 9.25pm carrying two bags of food from a shop. ‘I thought it looked very odd for that time of night. Why would a man be carrying a large stick?’ she said. ‘They were wearing a lot of layers of clothes, as if they had been out and about for a long time. ‘He was shouting. It was yelling. He was very angry. He had a big stick which was random. He was shouting at her. They were having an argument.’ It is unclear what Gordon is saying in the footage caught on the doorbell camera but the woman described him as ‘animated’. A tip-off from a member of the public led to the arrests in Stanmer Villas but the newborn was not with them. A heavy police presence remains at the scene, with a  number of marked vehicles stationed nearby. A red search dogs van was seen making its way into adjoining Golf Drive, which leads to the allotments that have been a focus of the search. More than 200 officers have been searching an area of seven miles by 13 miles for the baby. Detective superintendent Lewis Basford said there are still hopes to find the child safe and well. But confirming Marten and Gordon had been re-arrested on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter, he said police had to consider the possibility the baby had ‘come to harm’. ‘We have had a significant period of time in custody facility with both Constance and Mark,’ Mr Bradford said. ‘At this time we have not furthered that information, which has now obviously led to the position where we feel that the risk is getting so great that we now have to consider the possibility that the baby has come to harm. ‘I can confirm they have been further arrested on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter and that they remain in custody at police stations in Sussex.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.