A father who was electrocuted in a freak accident at work has shared his plea for a face transplant. Adán Olmos García was 23 when he was working as a builder, laying a floor in a supermarket. Adán, now 30, stepped in a puddle and was electrocuted by a high-voltage cable, which threw him off the third floor of the building. The accident cost him his nose, legs and eyelids, and his recovery took a toll on his relationship, ending his marriage too. Now, he’s desperately trying to raise funds for the face transplant that would change his life. ‘I want to fight and continue fighting,’ Adán, who lives in Michoacán, Mexico, said. Recalling the day that changed his life, Adán said: ‘It was raining that day and I stepped in a puddle of water and was shocked. ‘I pulled myself up and managed to hold on. ‘But the shock threw me from the third floor and I fell onto the pavement. ‘At that moment, my employer hugged me with a blanket. ‘I felt intense pain.’ Most of Adán’s face was burned off, and doctors had to amputate his legs because of the severity of his injuries. He said: ‘My son has been my motivation to keep going, I have a very solid family.’ The father of one ended spent a year recovering in hospital, and the recovery process put a strain on his marriage, which eventually broke down. Adán said: ‘I just wanted her and our son to be happy. ‘I wish her the best in life.’ Adán still maintains a positive attitude despite the fact that he still lives with excruciating pain, and he believes a face transplant is his only option. Unfortunately, it is estimated to cost over £300,000 (7 million pesos MXN), so he’s trying to raise funds. He said: ‘The doctors say that everything is ready for the transplant, only the money is missing so that the transplant can be done. ‘Although it is somewhat painful to continue in this state, I know that life can surprise me and for as long as I live there is hope.’ While he waits for his fundraising goal to finally be met, Adán continues to lift weights, do DIY and play with his son. He also shares clips of his day-to-day life on TikTok, where encouraging viewers leave comments of hope for him. One viral video that has raked up 28,000 likes shows Adán’ demonstrating his DIY skills. One user wrote: ‘Respect, God bless you man.’ ‘I think we all agree that this man is an example of self-improvement and absolute motivation,’ said another user. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Jeremy Renner gets on his exercise bike as he recovers from snow plough accident: ‘Whatever it takes’ MORE : ‘I started a shoe exchange for amputees like me who only have one foot’ MORE : Woman kept heart after transplant – and wants to bury it in her back garden