You don’t go into the sixth outing of a horror franchise expecting a masterpiece, yet Scream 6 delivers lashings of fun with an incisive slice of post-post-modern smarts. Bodycount is off the scale as the iconic, masked ‘Ghostface’ killer moves his/ her/ their area of operations from Woodsboro to New York where the survivors of the previous movie (including Wednesday star Jenna Ortega) are now attending college. And don’t be late to the cinema, because you don’t want to miss a super-meta opening chapter which effectively re-writes the horror rules. Ah, the Rules – a Scream trademark. Where previous Screams famously laid out the instructions for how to survive in a scary movie: never have sex, never drink, or do drugs, and never, ever say ‘I’ll be right back!’, this time resident horror-nerd Mindy (Jasmin Savoy Brown) pops up to point out that, come part VI, all bets are off. After all ‘James Bond and Luke Skywalker both died so their franchises could live on’ which means none of the ‘legacy characters’ are safe and things are suddenly looking decidedly dicey for veteran TV reporter Gail Weathers (Courteney Cox)… This is the first Scream chapter without original Survival Girl Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell declined to continue over pay issues). And nice though it is to have returning and older actors in the mix (including Dermot Mulroney), the hot younger cast here prove themselves an attraction in their own right. Characters are distinctive, the script is witty and the action-packed direction deserves top marks. It’s essentially a wickedly enjoyable, ghost train rollercoaster whose suspenseful set pieces are so relentless, that once I’d bitten off all my fingernails I had to restrain myself from nibbling off my neighbour’s. In-joke ‘Easter eggs’ are everywhere, making this a treat for Scream devotees – if possibly less delightful / downright confusing to newcomers. But if, as Scream’s catchphrase has it, ‘you like scary movies’, Scream VI now stands as arguably the best sex-quel of all time. Scream is out Friday in cinemas. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Courteney Cox confesses she doesn’t remember what happens in Scream 3 or 4 MORE : Scream 6 newcomer Josh Segarra mistakenly told everyone he was Ghostface after audition mix-up  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 