Times are tight but we all love a bit of home improvement, especially if we are trying to add value to our property. However, the thought of hiring someone else to do your handy work for you can seem a bit daunting. The cost is steep, you have to have strangers working in your home – sometimes, it just seems like more hassle than it’s worth. But, if you go solo and get it wrong, you could actually be devaluing your home. For certain jobs, it really is worth getting in the pros. DIY expert and author Jo Behari has revealed which home improvements we should tackle ourselves and which we should absolutely leave to the professionals. These are rooms you can typically DIY yourself, unless it involves plumbing. Jo said: ‘These are typically the most expensive areas for buyers to update, so do what you can to make them look clean and modern. ‘It can be as simple as cleaning any mould and resealing round sinks and baths. You could even upgrade your taps for relatively small cost.’ The hallway is definitely an opportunity to use your DIY skills, making it inviting for guests and potential buyers. ‘Hallways should be bright, airy and clear of clutter,’ said Jo. ‘Put away any out-of-season items, such as big coats during summer, to maximise the space. Adding plants, even if they’re artificial, can help freshen up the area. ‘It’s worth painting the front door a bright neutral colour too, or even investing in new door furniture.’ Painting is probably the most common DIY task we attempt ourselves. ‘If you have lots of bold colours around your home, consider switching it up to a more neutral scheme that offers buyers a blank canvas,’ said Jo. ‘You don’t have to paint the woodwork (unless it’s neon pink), just give it a good clean and paint the walls.’ When it comes to jobs that may need some professional help, Jo said that damp patches are a key one – do not attempt to fix a damp problem yourself. She also said re-plastering, re-wiring and electrics, as well as gas issues, can all go horribly wrong if not handled by an expert. Jo said: ‘It’s worth spending some money getting these elements up to scratch, as it’ll maximise the value of your home and avoid putting buyers off.’ Gardens are another area where you can get stuck it yourself. A bit of gardening is also great for the soul. ‘Clear any garden clutter, paint unkempt fences and, if you have evening viewings, ensure you have enough light in your outdoor areas – even if that means putting some cost-effective solar lights around your garden in the interim,’ said Jo. ‘It’s a good idea to show an outdoor eating space too, in the form of a bistro or patio set.’ Jo said that buyers are often cautious of areas they can’t see. ‘Enlisting the professionals to inspect elements such as your roof, boiler and carry out a damp survey, will give you peace of mind and avoid problems arising once the seller gets their own pre-inspection done.’ But for those of us who were a bit too ambitious with a DIY attempt, online conveyancer My Home Move Conveyancing is offering a £1,000 prize for the worst DIY fail, which will hopefully be enough to hire a professional to fix it. Simply visit the link and write 100 words about your fail. Dev Malle, chief business development officer at My Home Move Conveyancing, said: ‘We all know that spending time getting your house looking its best ahead of a sale can be a game changer and even add value. ‘There are some jobs however, that are always best left to professionals – unfortunately, for some, they only realise they should have called in the experts when it’s too late. We are keen to help, and have launched a competition for people to share their DIY disasters to be in with a chance of winning money to help them put it right.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The ‘hotpast’ fetish: Why some of us get turned on hearing about our partner’s past sexual encounters MORE : What’s in the Middle of Lidl this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : Post-pill clarity: ‘I came off contraception and didn’t fancy my partner anymore’