Angela Bassett couldn’t hide her disappointment after losing out on the best supporting actress award at this year’s Oscars to Jamie Lee Curtis. The 64-year-old actress, who stunned in a purple Moschino gown at the prestigious ceremony, had been nominated for the gong for her role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever alongside The Banshees of Inisherin’s Kerry Condon, Everything Everywhere All At One’s Stephanie Hsu, The Whale’s Hong Chau, and Curtis. Sadly though, Bassett was not victorious in the category and looked incredibly dissatisfied after the winner was announced. A camera caught the reactions of all five nominees as Curtis’s name was called out, and while the other actresses applauded despite their loss, Bassett appeared deflated. Fans were quick to defend her reaction though, with many also applauding her for keeping it real by displaying her honest emotion. Taking to Twitter, one person wrote: ‘Angela Bassett’s reaction to Jamie Lee Curtis’ name being called… you can tell how much that Oscar would have meant to her. She is, was, and always will be incredible. I better see her on that stage SOON.’ Another simply posted: ‘Angela Bassett is so real for not faking a reaction.’ Echoing a similar sentiment, a third said: ‘So y’all want Angela to be “fake happy” like the rest of them…ok! Lol that’s what’s wrong with US now. ‘Too much fake sh*t going on because everything is on camera and social media. Everyone feels the need to “save face” instead of being REAL. It’s okay to be disappointed.’ Despite not winning big at tonight’s ceremony, Bassett received a shout-out from Jonathan Majors and Michael B Jordan, who arrived on stage to present best cinematography. Addressing the Black Panther actress, they simply said: ‘Hey, Auntie. We love you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 