Everyone and their mother seems to be thirsting over Pedro Pascal right now. The star of The Last of Us and The Mandalorian was recently immortalised in meme format (alongside Nicholas Cage no less) and hosted Saturday Night Live, winning the hearts of fans new and old thanks to his quick wit and cheeky demeanour. Naturally, people are keen to know more about the 47-year-old actor – and the stars are a great place to start. Pedro gave us a sneak peek into his natal chart last week, telling MTV his ‘big three’ zodiac placements and sparking plenty of chatter on astrology Twitter. So, in honour of the internet’s current crush, we’re indulging in a spot of astro-analysis. Here are Pedro Pascal’s Sun, Moon, and Rising signs, and what they tell us about his personality. Born in April 2 1975, Pedro falls under the Sun sign of Aries. A person’s Sun sign (the one people most commonly refer to) reflects their identity, ego and essence as a person. It can be one of the biggest indicator of someone’s values, strengths and weaknesses, but to reveal the traits unique to them you’ll need a full natal chart; an astrological fingerprint showing where the stars and planets were when they were born. Aries is the first sign in – and therefore the baby of – the zodiac. This imparts those born under the sign with a childlike wonder at the world, as Pedro’s adorable puppy dog eyes in the Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent scene (the one that’s doing the rounds) clearly exemplifies. On the opposite side, though, Cardinal Aries can struggle with impulsivity. They get their boundless enthusiasm from ruler Mars, the planet of action, which makes them fearless and bold in their endeavours. This also means they can be a little hot-tempered sometimes, or become easily bored with life’s mundanities. Acting is a natural choice for an Aries Sun like Pedro Pascal, ensuring no two days are the same and letting him channel his passionate energy into his craft. In his MTV interview, Pedro described the sign as ‘the best… and the worst,’ adding, ‘We don’t do in-between.’ Celebrities that share his Aries Sun include Reese Witherspoon, Kate Hudson, Lady Gaga, Elton John, Eddie Murphy, Seth Rogen, and Paul Rudd, so he’s clearly in good company. Moon signs are thought to describe a person’s inner self; the subconscious or instinctive emotions and desires that are often hidden from others. As a Capricorn Moon, Pedro has an innate ambition, approaching things with pre-planned strategies rather than going with the flow. This Moon sign also denotes a strong work ethic, which makes sense given the Chilean-American’s hectic schedule. As a Cardinal sign, Capricorn is all about action, while its ruling planet, Saturn, is associated with rules and authority. Pedro Pascal’s Moon placement balances out his wild Aries Sun, grounding him with an element of duty and pragmatism. The Earth sign is also known for protectiveness, which tables with the actor’s ardent support for LGBTQ+ rights (his sister, Lux, is trans) and fatherly relationship with teen co-star Bella Ramsey. The downsides of this placement include trouble relaxing, harsh self-criticism, and a tendency to keep emotions under wraps until trust has been established. Reese Witherspoon is another star with a Capricorn Moon, along with Brad Pitt, Dwayne Johnson, Matt Damon, Stevie Nicks, Johnny Depp, and Cher. Rising signs are also sometimes known as your Ascendant. Relating to the zodiac sign on the Eastern horizon at the exact time you were born, it represents the external self; the ‘mask’ that people see when they first meet us, and the reactions we have as a result of this perception. If a Sun sign is the book and the Moon is the author’s notes, an Ascendant is the cover – and people will judge accordingly based on that first impression. Pedro mentioned that, as his birth certificate was misplaced, he’s not totally sure on whether he’s a Gemini or Cancer Rising. Gemini is ruled by communication planet Mercury and is a sign known for its social butterfly qualities and sense of humour – both things the Game of Thrones alum has in spades. However, they do also have a reputation for being mischievious or difficult to read. Among the reasons why Pascal is suspected to be a Gemini Rising, his storytelling capabilities and the fact he’s bilingual are both up top. Meanwhile, Cancer is a Water sign that appreciates home, family, comfort and talking things out. Fans seem to think Pedro fits the bill as a Cancer rising because of his nurturing and caring qualities. Since a person’s Ascendant is about how they’re perceived, the way he comes across in interviews (polite and always checking if everyone else is okay) suggests a Cancerian softness. Until we find out his birth time, we can’t be certain. What we do know is that Pascal fever isn’t going anywhere fast, and the astrology community will have a field day working him out in the meantime. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Full Moon in Virgo urges you to review your routines – your star sign’s tarot horoscope MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023