A man who spent nearly 40 years behind bars was exonerated on Wednesday after a judge declared him ‘factually innocent’ due to DNA evidence. Maurice Hastings, 69, was prosecuted for the 1983 rape and murder of Roberta Wydermyer in Inglewood, California. Wydermyer was found her own car. She was killed by a single gunshot wound to the head, and a coroner later confirmed she had been sexually assaulted before her death. Hastings, who was 30 in 1983, was arrested and charged with Wydermyer’s murder. However, investigators could find no physical evidence tying him to the crime. He also produced multiple sources to provide alibis. Hastings’ first trial ended in a hung jury, but a second jury convicted him in 1988. Prosecutors still sought the death penalty for Hastings, but the jury sentenced him instead to life in prison without parole. Hastings always maintained his innocence, and long sought to have his conviction overturned. A coroner conducted a sexual assault examination on the victim and found semen from their assailant. However, this evidence was never examined by forensic scientists, and no DNA test was ever performed on the sample. Hastings first asked the Los Angeles District Attorney’s Office’s to perform a DNA test on the semen in 2000, but prosecutors refused the request. When the semen was finally tested in June 2022, investigators found it matched a man named Kenneth Packnett, who died in prison in 2020. Packnett was serving a life sentence without parole for the rape and murder of another woman. Hastings’ sentence was commuted in October 2022, but prosecutors asked Judge William C Ryan to take the next step and also declare him ‘factually innocent’ after the results of the DNA test. ‘Maurice Hastings survived a nightmare. He spent nearly four decades in prison exhausting every avenue to prove his innocence while being repeatedly denied,’ the Los Angeles District Attorney George Gascon stated. ‘I am proud that we have corrected this injustice, and I look forward to continuing to work with those that seek justice regardless of where it lies,’ Gascon said. Hastings appeared in court on Wednesday beside his attorneys from the Los Angeles Innocence Project and prosecutors from the DA’s office, who formally apologized to him for the wrongful conviction. ‘Alright Mr Hastings, good luck to you sir. I hope things work out for you,’ Judge Ryan said after declaring him factually innocent. ‘Thank you very much,’ Hastings replied, smiling. ‘It means a lot. I’m grateful for the judge’s ruling, and the apologies — everything has been wonderful today,’ he later said. ‘I’m ready to move on with my life. I’m a happy man today.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.