A fixture of boutiquey hotels and upmarket restaurants, a succulent wall brings the natural world spectacularly indoors. The good news is that they’re not as difficult as they look to create for the home – and the results are always unique. Frame; trowel; plants. Karl Mok is a design expert and consultant who has been working in the design industry for more than six years. Karl focuses on making design accessible, working at the intersection of architecture, interiors and branding while drawing inspiration from travelling and natural materials. First, you need to determine where you want to install your succulent wall. You need to make sure the location receives enough light for your plants to thrive. South-facing walls are ideal but any with adequate light will work. You can use a variety of frames, including picture frames, shadow boxes, or even a pallet. I recommend choosing one that fits your aesthetic and the size of the wall you want to cover. Charity shops or second-hand stores can be great places to find unique frames that will really make your wall stand out. Once you have your frame, add a backing to hold the soil and plants. I suggest a breathable material, such as landscape fabric and then chicken wire to prevent the soil from falling out. Cut the material to the size of the frame and attach it at the back using a stapler. You then need to fill the frame with soil, making sure it is moist but not soaking wet. You can use a succulent-specific soil mix, or even create your own using equal parts of sand, perlite and potting soil. Now choose your succulents. I suggest selecting a wide variety in different shapes and sizes so you can mix and match them to create a unique and visually appealing display. I always recommend choosing plants that have similar light and watering requirements to make caring for them easier. Using a small trowel or your fingers, create small holes in the soil and insert the succulent roots. Gently pack the soil around the plants to secure them in place before affixing them to your wall. When it comes to caring for your succulent wall, water it sparingly, as succulents don’t like to be over-watered. I recommend using a spray bottle or a small watering can with a narrow spout to avoid getting the leaves too wet. 1. Not researching beforehand. Make sure you are committed to this project, as well as the upkeep required, before jumping in. If you’re not sure, try looking after a small handful of succulents before committing to a whole wall. 2. Overwatering. Too much water can lead to root rot. 3. Not making it secure. It might seem simple but too often people underestimate how many fixtures or fittings they may need, leading to a pile of plants and dirt falling down on an unexpected visitor. 4. Over-planting. While you want to make a visual impact, cramming too many succulents in your frames can undermine their growth – and even make them more prone to rot. 5. Ugly planting. Don’t get stuck with a variety that makes you cringe. Living stones (lithops dorotheae), for instance, make people think of brains. Not so bad when the plant is small, but it can look unnerving the larger it gets. Karl Mok is founder of Friends Studio, friendsstudio.co MORE : Stay in a helicopter once piloted by Prince William for £159 per night MORE : Couple transform home into public swimming pool due to lack of local facilities Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.