Spencer Matthews has given fans a much-needed update after his highly-anticipated documentary Finding Michael failed to premiere on Disney Plus. The heart-wrenching film sees Spencer on a quest to find his older brother’s body, after Michael disappeared ‘somewhere between the summit and the balcony’ of Mount Everest. He was the youngest Brit ever to summit Mount Everest in 1999 at 22-years-old, but just three hours after breaking the record and reaching the summit, Michael disappeared and was declared soon after. The heart-breaking story is set to be explored in the documentary series, which was meant to premiere on Friday. However, fans were confused over the delay, with one questioning: ‘Why has Finding Michael release date been pushed out. Promo for the documentary been released today happening all week, so why the last minute delay’. Another penned: ‘The irony that ‘finding Michael’ cannot be found on Disney+ the day it should have been released,’ while someone else slammed: ‘Well, the promo for #findingmichael is back but now states coming soon. @DisneyPlus, it’s a shame you don’t update your paying viewers on this as well as you ask for subscriptions.’ Spencer has now addressed the situation, writing on Instagram: ‘Apologies to everyone trying to view Finding Michael on Disney+.’ The 34-year-old continued: ‘The debut date has shifted and we’ll update you as soon as we have the new timings. ‘This will be in the near future. Thank you for all of your support.’ Disney Plus also shared on Twitter: ‘We’re sorry that the debut date for Finding Michael has shifted on Disney+. We will let you know as soon as we have new timings for its launch. ‘This will be in the near future. Thanks for your patience.’ While Michael had broken Bear Grylls’ record to become the youngest Briton to climb the world’s highest peak, he is believed to have got into trouble a few hours after making his way down the summit through the ‘death zone’. An experienced mountaineer, he had previously conquered Kilimanjaro, the Pyrenees and the Swiss Alps, but became the 162nd person to die on Everest. Just ten years old when his brother died, Spencer has said undertaking this mission helped come to terms with what happened. ‘This has really helped me move through the pain of his loss,’ he told Metro.co.uk. ‘There’s no resentment there anymore; I’ve come to terms with his death completely. ‘Now when I look at photos of him in our house, I smile. It makes me happy to see him instead of feeling angry about it.’ Finding Michael will premiere on Disney+ soon. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What happened to Spencer Matthews’ brother Michael and was he found? MORE : Vogue Williams ‘didn’t stand in way’ of Spencer Matthews recovering brother’s body from Everest – days after she gave birth 