A drink-driver who was more than twice the legal limit when he killed a mum after hitting her with his father’s car has been jailed for 21 years. Pierce Whelan, 35, had previously pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of Nawelle Tina Ormerod, 37, after hitting her with a Peugeot 406 in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. He then dragged Mrs Ormerod under his car for around 900m before leaving her body on Marlborough Road and fleeing the area, Warwick Crown Court heard. Mrs Ormerod suffered catastrophic injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene. He also severely injured a man, who has not been identified. On Friday, Whelan, of Gillet Close, Nuneaton, was jailed for 21 years after he pleaded guilty to manslaughter and causing serious injury by dangerous driving. The Crown Prosecution Service said it was one of the worst hit-and-run cases it has ever seen. Whelan, pleaded guilty at a hearing on December 13 last year, was also disqualified from driving for life by Judge Lockhart. The court directed that a third charge of causing death by dangerous driving could lie on the file. Full details of the horrific incident on June 19 last year emerged at yesterday’s sentencing hearing. Whelan was driving along Jubilee Way, when he ran into two pedestrians as they walked across Roanne Ringway near the junction with Coton Road. Whelan, who was travelling alone, fled the scene in the vehicle which had a smashed windscreen, forcing him to look out of the driver’s door window to see where he was going. One of the pedestrians who was hit was a 26-year-old from Nuneaton man. He was thrown over the vehicle and suffered life-changing injuries. He was initially assisted by two members of the public who witnessed the collision and called the emergency services. The second pedestrian, Mrs Ormerod, from Hinckley, Leicestershire, was dragged underneath Whelan’s car and was found severely injured on nearby Marlborough Road, showing no signs of life. Police officers tried to administer CPR but Mrs Ormerod was pronounced dead at the scene. Meanwhile, officers discovered Whelan’s abandoned and damaged car on Clement Street. After dumping the vehicle, Whelan visited his then-girlfriend before walking to Nuneaton Police Station to hand himself in. Whelan was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, failing to stop following a collision, and drink-driving. Tests later confirmed he had 82 micrograms of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath; the legal limit is 35 micrograms. A saliva test also indicated the presence of cannabis, the court heard. Later the same day, Whelan was further arrested on suspicion of drug-driving and manslaughter. In summing up the court hearing Judge Lockhart made special mention of the two female members of the public who assisted at the scene and recommended them for a High Sheriff’s Award. Judge Lockhart also referenced the high quality of the police investigation conducted by PSI Karen Powell and recommended her for a Chief Constable’s Commendation. After the court sentencing, Inspector Michael Huntley from Warwickshire Police’s Serious Collision Investigation Unit, spoke of how Whelan’s actions had changed lives forever. Insp Huntley said: ‘The horrific consequences of Pierce Whelan’s actions on 19 June 2021 have been devastating for the family and everyone who knew Nawelle Ormerod. ‘Nawelle leaves a husband and son, who keenly feel their loss and my thoughts remain with them. ‘Lives changed forever on that day, including the life of the man who was also hit by Whelan’s car. ‘He received surgery to insert a metal plate and nine screws into the complex fracture on his right arm. These injuries have proven life-changing, both physically and mentally. ‘Pierce Whelan chose to drink alcohol, putting him at double the drink-drive limit and smoke cannabis before getting into his car to drive that night. ‘Associates who had been with him prior to the collision had ordered a taxi and repeatedly advised him not to drive. However, Mr Whelan ignored this advice and sped off in his vehicle prior to the arrival of the taxi. ‘The tragic result of Mr Whelan’s actions should serve as a stark reminder to all drivers of the lawful and moral responsibility incumbent on us all when driving. ‘Mr Whelan behaved in a totally irresponsible manner in driving whilst unfit and then failing to stop and remain at the scene of the collision, which ultimately led to devastating consequences. ‘I would like to thank the members of the public, police officers and colleagues in the West Midlands Ambulance Service who responded on the night of the collision, in what was clearly a very traumatic and complex scene. ‘I would also like to thank all the investigation team, who conducted a detailed and thorough investigation, plus the CPS who prosecuted the case in court.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.