More than 100,000 people are calling on the BBC to reinstate Gary Lineker as Match of The Day host, with a petition reaching the landmark number in just 12 hours. Lineker has been suspended from his Match of the Day duties by the BBC over a tweet which criticised the government’s new asylum policy. This prompted  a string of regular pundits on the show to confirm that they will not be appearing on Saturday night, including the likes of Ian Wright, Alan Shearer, Alex Scott, Micah Richards and Jermaine Jenas. Meanwhile, plenty of other celebrities, including Piers Morgan and Dan Walker, have thrown their support behind Lineker. And now, 100,000 people have signed a petition to call on him being reinstated. At the time of writing, the petition has reached 115,651 signatures. It reads: ‘Gary Lineker has been forced to step back from presenting Match of the Day after tweeting critically about the government’s migrant policy. ‘As a freelance sports presenter, Mr Lineker should be able to share his personal views on current affairs. ‘Many other BBC faces have posted controversial opinions on social media without sanction.’ It adds that The Mirror, who created the petition, believes Lineker ‘should be able to return to our screens as soon as possible’. One person who signed the petition wrote: ‘A disgraceful decision and an assault on freedom of speech.’ Another said: ‘Gary Lineker should not be silenced and the BBC should be ashamed of themselves.’ The petition began after Lineker was asked to step back from presenting the programme, following his criticism of the Government’s immigration policy to stop illegal boats carrying migrants from reaching the UK. The footballer-turned-pundit had responded to a video by Home Secretary Suella Braverman on Twitter in which she called to ‘stop the boats’ with a new Illegal Migration Bill, calling it an ‘immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s.’ He later insisted that he stood by his tweet, and said he would be returning to host Match Of The Day on Saturday. However, the BBC on Thursday issued a statement saying: ‘Gary Lineker to step back from presenting Match of the Day until agreement reached on social media use’. A BBC spokesperson said: ‘The BBC has been in extensive discussions with Gary and his team in recent days. We have said that we consider his recent social media activity to be a breach of our guidelines. ‘The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting Match Of The Day until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media. ‘When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none. ‘We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.’ In the tweet earlier this week, Lineker wrote: ‘Good heavens, this is beyond awful. ‘The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting Match Of The Day until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media. ‘When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none. ‘We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.’ It was later reported that Lineker had been spoken to by the BBC following the comments, with some reports claiming his job could be at risk, while Braverman has been asked to respond on interviews with the likes of Good Morning Britain and BBC Breakfast. Braverman later said she is ‘obviously disappointed’ about his comments. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alex Scott pulls out of BBC’s Football Focus in support of Gary Lineker MORE : Gary Lineker’s face projected on stage at Fatboy Slim concert to applause amid BBC row 