Those looking for a unique property buy, there’s a historic fort in Wales now on the market. The property, Fort Hubberstone, was home to US troops as they planned for the D-Day landings – and even has its own submarine spotting station. Sadly, the Welsh waterside building, situated on the edge of the Milford Haven estuary, has largely fallen into disrepair – and is now up for sale at £190,000. The coastal property, built in 1859, was awarded a special grade-II rating by heritage chiefs for its cultural importance. The fort was ordered by Lord Palmerstone in 1850 as a defensible barracks and gun battery with the work costing £87,894. It was home to 28 heavy guns and a garrison for 250 men in the barracks and later housed soldiers during both World Wars. During World War II, it was even used as a secret base for American forces during Operation Bolero as they prepared for the D-Day landings and estate agents say they ‘added their influence to the building, which remains evident today’. It was then bought in 2020 by history lover Guy Anderson, who announced plans to turn it into a ‘living ruin’ tourist attraction – but the building is already back on the market. Agents West Wales Properties say: ‘There are two main buildings with scrubland in between. ‘The top building, once the accommodation block for approximately 250 men, was made up of guard rooms, soldier housing, pub, wash rooms, coal store and kitchens, centred around a parade ground with a raised centre. ‘The bottom building is made up of seven Gun Rooms, Magazine Rooms and an intricate channel of light and ventilation passages displaying masterful stone and brickwork. ‘Further rooms – currently inaccessible – are yet to be discovered, including a submarine spotting station and caponier (sunken corridor). ‘The fort is steeped in history which is evident everywhere, you can see the gun tracks, the fireplaces, the wooden framework in the arched windows, and even the decoration on the washroom walls: this fascinating building has so much to explore.’ The land has lots of potential, but it’ll need a lot of investment to turn around. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : We got on the property ladder with a £8,500 deposit, here’s how MORE : What I Own: Vicky, who bought a Cambridgeshire flat that she rents out on Airbnb