Grace Van Dien has revealed she’s been turning down acting roles and would prefer to focus on her streaming career. The Stranger Things star explained she came to the decision because of bad experiences she’d had on previous projects. It comes after Grace’s Stranger Things co-star Joseph Quinn blasted the ‘disgusting’ harassment she’d faced from trolls, saying the internet can be a ‘very unforgiving place’. The actress streams under the Twitch username BlueFille and has amassed an impressive 280,000 followers. Speaking during a recent stream, 26-year-old Grace explained to viewers why she’d been turning down acting gigs. According to Dexerto, she said she ‘hadn’t had the best experiences with some people she had to work for’, adding: ‘With streaming, I get to choose who I hang out with, who I talk to, etc.’ The outlet reports that Grace also detailed an incident in which a producer on one of her previous projects convinced the person he was romantically involved with to ask Grace if she would partake in a threesome, leading the star to ‘rethink’ her career. Grace and Joseph played Chrissy Cunningham and Eddie Munson respectively in the last season of Stranger Things, and speaking about the show earlier this month, Joseph addressed the fact that trolls targeted Grace online with reprehensible comments. While taking part in a live Q&A at Showmasters’ London Comic Con on Saturday March 4, the 29-year-old actor was asked by a fan: ‘I just wanted to ask from the perspective of an actor and a friend and supporter of women, what your thoughts are on the harassment that Grace Van Dien’s received for playing your on-screen love interest?’ ‘It’s so awful,’ he responded, revealing that he had spoken with her about the trolling behaviour that she had encountered. ‘I was talking to her about it. The internet is a very unforgiving place. It’s a place where people can show a lot of support, or where people can rally around hatred and misinformation,’ he added. The A Quiet Place: Day One actor continued: ‘It’s indicative of where we are culturally, just through association she was getting lambasted. It’s disgusting. I don’t know what to say other than it sucks.’ Stranger Things fans were quick to thank Joseph for speaking out in support of Grace. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Grace’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mystic Meg’s final horoscope eerily seems to predict her own death MORE : Pokémon fans name new cockroach species after Sun & Moon ultra beast  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 