Resellers are hawking boxes of a limited edition Girl Scout Cookie for over $100 on websites like eBay. After selling out in days, the Girl Scouts’ new Raspberry Rally cookies are now being resold online for massive profits. The new cookie is a remix of an old favorite – the Thin Mint. The Girl Scouts’ website describes them as ‘thin, crispy cookie infused with raspberry flavor and dipped in chocolaty coating.’ Unlike other cookies, which are sold and distributed by the scouts themselves, the Raspberry Rally was billed as the first ‘online-exclusive’ cookie sold by the organization. After ordering a box from a Girl Scout, the organization ships the cookies directly to your home. The organization said the new sales model was to teach Scouts ‘new skills and build their ecommerce business.’ The organization’s popular annual cookie sale is intended to raise funds for trips, service projects, and summer camps, as well as provide firsthand experience in business skills. ‘Financial literacy is not only a critical skill required for entrepreneurship, but an essential life skill,’ the Girl Scouts’ chief revenue officer Wendy Lou said. However, the organization is reportedly not happy with resellers making profits from local Girl Scout Troops. ‘When cookies are purchased through a third-party seller, Girl Scout troops are deprived of proceeds that fund critical programming throughout the year,’ the organization told CNN Business. Girl Scout Cookies typically sell for $5 – $6 per box. Resellers on eBay are currently starting their sales at $25 – $30, with some boxes sales getting as high as $100 or more after multiple bids were placed. It is unclear if the Girl Scouts plan to restock their reserves of Raspberry Rally cookies before this year’s sale ends in April. Metro.co.uk has reached out to the organization for further comment. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.