The Tory deputy chairman has been accused of demonising people in poverty after claiming some people use food banks for their ‘weekly shops’. Controversial Conservative Lee Anderson says free food given out during the dire cost of living crisis is being ‘abused’ and constituents ‘tell me every single day’. He added that he was helping a family who was using a food bank, before seeing them in McDonald’s ‘two or three times a week’. Speaking at a Westminster Hall debate on tackling poverty and the cost of food, he also claimed it is a ‘myth’ that people on Universal Credit are in poverty. Some have ‘household incomes of over £40,000 a year’ and ‘loopholes’ in London allow them to ‘top their wages up’ by a further £30,000, he alleged. Mr Anderson came under fire for his speech from MPs, but told them ‘you can shake your head all you want’. Labour MP Ian Byrne has blasted the food bank remarks, saying the ‘demonisation’ of those in poverty is an act of ‘political cowardice’. Meanwhile, a spokesperson from the Department for Work and Pensions has responded to his claims about Universal Credit, saying ‘selective examples aren’t representative and don’t reflect the wider work incentives in the Universal Credit system’. The system is designed to ensure ‘working always pays more’, and the government is ‘building on this’ with extra measures – such as claimants being required to meet a dedicated work coach to increase their hours or earnings, they added. Divisive MP Mr Anderson previously came under fire for claiming food bank users ‘cannot budget or cook properly’. He was appointed Deputy Chairman of the Conservative Party by Rishi Sunak in a reshuffle in February. Leading the debate on Wednesday, he said: ‘We have got this culture now in some of these deprived areas where people are so dependent on food banks it is like a weekly shop for them. ‘One particular family I was helping, really helping, and they were going to the food bank two or three times a week to get their groceries and then, you know, I see them in McDonald’s two or three times a week. ‘I am thinking, my goodness, I don’t want to stop the children going for a treat once in a while but it is all about priorities.  ‘If you are really struggling for money and you are going to a food bank two or three times a week, you shouldn’t be going out for fast food, takeaways every week. You shouldn’t be doing that. ‘Food banks are being abused. Constituents tell me every single day, now they are either making it up or telling lies or whatever, but they are abused. ‘They are abused, food banks are abused by people who don’t need the food banks – we should target the food banks.’ Mr Anderson later insisted that he ‘doesn’t do divisive politics’ and said he only said ‘some people’ abuse the system, not all. ‘Little bit disappointed with some of the divisive comments that came from the opposite side of the chamber today. I don’t do divisive politics. I like to debate sensibly’, he said. ‘Some of the divisive language was awful. I didn’t say that everybody was abusing the food bank system.’ Demand for food banks is rocketing in the UK as energy prices soar, alongside food and fuel costs. Almost 1.3 million emergency parcels were given out by Trussell Trust food banks between April and September last year. This is a third more than last year, and more than 50% higher than from the same period in the pre-pandemic year of 2019/20. Last week, London Mayor Sadiq Khan announced a £130 million emergency scheme to extend free school meals to every primary school pupil in the capital for a year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.