When I last tried to pick up my boy from his mother’s house, he refused to come with me. He cried and didn’t even want to hug me. My son looked as if he was petrified, while his mother smirked. She knew the damage she had done and her mission was complete: He now saw me as a stranger; someone he wanted nothing to do with. My heart broke realising just how much harm had been caused to our relationship. I thought a moment like this would never happen, but it did. From then on, I knew I had to walk away to protect my own mental health. It was the culmination of six years of pain, where I was never guaranteed access to my son and could only see him on the odd occasions it suited his mother. When I first found out I was going to be a father, I was terrified. Growing up in a Caribbean culture, it was impressed upon me to be responsible and make sure I didn’t get a girl pregnant. Yet that was the very thing I had gone and done, aged 22. But upon arriving at the hospital for his birth and holding him for the first time, something changed. I was overwhelmed with emotion. My son, precious and beautiful, was born – and I was a father. Things had not been good with my son’s mother before the birth. We had been in a relationship that only lasted three months. I was ignored and shut out during her pregnancy, despite buying things and trying to spend time with her. As she watched me break down in tears in the hospital holding my son, she appeared to soften, and I thought things might get better – though they never did. My son is my twin; I feel like I may as well have given birth to him myself. Like me he is long-limbed and slim, with my skin tone. By the time my son rejected me, I had only just started being allowed to have him for overnight visits, on every other Friday. Previously, his mother refused to let him stay with me, meaning I had drop him back off within a few hours. On those precious Friday afternoons, however, I would pick him up from school and not have to return him home until the next day. We would build Lego, go to the trampoline park, and the playground, and I’d take him out with other children. My son taught me so much – every time I saw him I felt like I was looking at a reflection of myself. But last year, during a period of ill mental health for me, my son refused to come with me when I came to pick him up. I have no idea why he suddenly became afraid. Friends who watched my relationship with my child grow saw how much we loved one another. I truly don’t know what changed. His mother told me he just didn’t want to be around me, and that he cried when he was meant to come and see me. I’m supposed to accept his mother’s words, but this is the same person who chose to not put me on the birth certificate as she felt I was not ‘responsible enough or deserving’. Prior to this, we disagreed on certain topics when it came to raising our child. I had suggested that when our boy was born he should meet my side of the family in Trinidad. She vehemently disagreed and believed I was going to take him away and never come back. That argument, which took place around 14 months after his birth, escalated when she threatened me with going through a contact centre, which would further restrict the already limited time I had with him. In a contact centre, you have supervised visits with your child during a specific time slot. Even the thought of this broke my heart. His mother believed the authorities would side with her and I would then be viewed as a danger to my child. For my part, I believed her threats were more about reinforcing a power dynamic. His mother told me straight, ‘it would be easier if you weren’t a part of your son’s life, he doesn’t need you or want you.’ This was when my son was two, and I truly thought as the years went on that time would prove a healer and my value as a father and a human being would be recognised. I was wrong. I tried everything during the first six years of his life to try and see him more, even trying to get in touch with members of his mother’s family, to no avail. Soon after he was born, I even began the court process but later abandoned it, hoping that enough time had passed for myself and my son’s mother to work things through together. Also, my own mother’s warning of ‘once you go to court, the bridge is burnt,’ rang through my head. Hope is the thing I really held onto, but hope in the wrong hands is a poor man’s currency. I was all tapped out and out of options. I saw him once a week, but there were times I was denied access for weeks, until eventually, through mediation, I was able to secure those priceless overnight stays. That was, until my son refused to come with me. Walking away last year was one of the most gut-wrenching and heartbreaking moments. Seeing my son look at me with such utter fear as if I was a stranger broke me. My mental health was already in a dire place after suffering with anxiety. I couldn’t handle anything else and I was determined to get better – I had to prioritise staying alive. It has been almost a year since we’ve been together. Since I’ve been able to kiss him on the forehead before bed, or cuddle him and rub his head to help him sleep. My love grows more for him daily, and my heart yearns for him. I want to see him again, perhaps once again through the court process. Many fathers I have spoken to have gone through the same thing with their children. I have not walked away because I don’t love him, and I’m aware that my decision could backfire if he begins to believe that I gave up on him or stopped loving him. One day, I will prove that I am not the villain of his story, that I never forgot about him, and never stopped loving him. I think a lot about an African proverb that always resonated with me. ‘A father said to his son, “Be careful where you walk.” The son responded, “Be careful, remember that I follow in your footsteps”.’ I truly believe as parents our role is to make sure our children are careful of what they do and where they go; we are that ultimate influence in showing them the right path to walk. Son, I am determined that we will walk together hand in hand once more. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : My dad left when I was three and it’s ruined every relationship I’ve ever had MORE : I suffered years of abuse from my stepmother before running away from home MORE : I met my dad for the first time in 12 years – picking a restaurant was the hardest part