Chrishell Stause appears to have put Selling Sunset producers on blast after claiming that they ‘manipulated things to create a narrative.’ The 41-year-old reality star joined the hit Netflix series and delivered plenty of dramatic storylines through her divorce with This Is Us star Justin Hartley, and various fights with Christine Quinn. However, Chrishell recently expressed her annoyance about the way the storylines were edited. ‘The way reality tv producers twist and manipulate things to create a narrative,’ she penned via Instagram Stories alongside snake and trash can emojis. ‘Sucks to not be able to be proud of what you’re working on,’ Chrishell added while also tagging Done and Done Productions, who created Selling Sunset. She continued: ‘Me collecting receipts for when the time comes @done_and_done_productions or scrap this fake narrative bc don’t forget we have voices too. ‘Viewers do NOT want manufactured drama.’ The TV personality previously expressed that she had a love/hate relationship with the Netflix drama. ‘There are certain aspects I look forward to and have so much fun with,’ she said. ‘It wouldn’t be a compelling show if there weren’t aspects that gave us raging anxiety. ‘You guys are in store for a very exciting show, which means some days are great and some aren’t so much.’ Continuing to new! magazine, Chrishell teased her partner G Flip – who she has been dating since May 2022 – could make an appearance in the next season of Selling Sunset. She said: ‘I can’t answer specifically but I’ll tease… I’ve been veryopen with my life and [my relationship] is one of those things I’m soprotective of as it is so important to me. ‘That being said, there are aspects I am now proud to share. Does that answer your question?’ She added: ‘G has spent a lot of time with the ladies from the office. Everyone loves G – they’re very loveable.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Netflix and Done and Done Productions for comment. Selling Sunset is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears takes a loss on her glamorous Calabasas mansion after selling it for just over $10,000,000 MORE : Selling Sunset’s Jason Oppenheim teases ‘difficult situations’ in explosive new season 