Oleksandr Usyk has sensationally accepted Tyson Fury’s offer of a 70-30 split for a world heavyweight title unification fight in the Brit’s favour, as long as Fury donates £1m to Ukraine. Fury vs Usyk for all the gold at heavyweight is the biggest fight to make in the division, but the Gypsy King made it clear that he considers himself the A-side by insisting on a 70-30 financial split in his favour. In a video posted to social media on Friday, Fury said: ‘Where I’m standing, Usyk, you and your team, are worth 30 per cent. You either take it or you leave it.’ Somewhat unexpectedly, Usyk has taken it, although only if Fury agrees to donate £1m of his purse to the Ukrainian people during the ongoing war with Russia. ‘Hey Greedy Belly, I accept your offer 70-30 split the fight, with you on April 29th at Wembley,’ Usyk, the WBA, WBO and IBF champ said in a social media video. ‘But you will promise to donate to Ukraine immediately after the fight £1million. And every day if you delay will pay one per cent from your purse to Ukrainian people.’ This was in response to Fury’s offer, in which the reigning WBC champion said: ‘I see all this talk, they want 50 per cent, Tyson’s being greedy. ‘Where I’m standing, Usyk, you and your team, are worth 30 per cent. You either take it or you leave it. And if you don’t want it, go fight Daniel Dubois at the Copper Box and get a few million dollars. If you want to make some real money, come and fight The Gypsy King. ‘But I will say, every day from today that you  linger and mess around, I am going to deduct one per cent from the 30 per cent. ‘So every day I’m going to deduct one per cent until you take it. And if you don’t take it, go fight Dubois for $2million. Not a problem. ‘But how in the world will you ever offer me a deal? Not possible. Tick tock.’ MORE : Tyson Fury breaks silence and demands 70 per cent of fight purse for Oleksandr Usyk showdown MORE : Oleksandr Usyk vs Tyson Fury ‘doesn’t look likely’ with Daniel Dubois in line to step in and challenge Ukrainian star For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 