Ryan Gosling has turned a quiet Australian suburb into an explosive action set while filming for his upcoming movie The Fall Guy. The Golden Globe-winning actor, 42, was spotted aboard a boat in the harbourside town of Rushcutters Bay filming a battle scene while appearing battered. The actor could be seen sporting cuts and bruises while shooting scenes in which the boat was chased and fired at. The vessel catches fire as part of the thrilling scene, which sees Gosling’s character attempt to make a spectacular getaway. Principal filming for the action flick began in 2022, with the film is set to be released on March 1 2024. Back in September, Gosling was seen in Sydney filming on the Northern Beaches in Narrabeen and in a rooftop car park for the production. Then in January, all lanes of the Sydney Harbour Bridge were closed as scenes were filmed on the Cahill Expressway. Based on an adaptation of the 1980s TV show of the same name, The Fall Guy tells the story of Colt Seavers, a past-his-prime stuntman who finds himself working on a movie set with the star for whom he doubled long ago and who also replaced him – who then mysteriously vanishes. The show ran for a total of five seasons, airing its final episode in 1986. Gosling will take on the role of Colt in a cast completed by Emily Blunt, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Stephanie Hsu, Winston Duke, Hannah Waddingham, and Teresa Palmer. Development for the project began in 2010 with Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson in talks to take on the film’s lead role. Martin Campbell was also said to be in the running to direct the picture, though this never came to be. Then in 2020, Gosling and David Leitch picked up the project, which was confirmed to be an adaptation of The Fall Guy last year, The screenplay for the film was written by Drew Pearce, who had previously collaborated with Leitch on Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs and Shaw. The Fall Guy is set to be released on March 1 2024. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cameron Diaz steers boat across London’s River Thames while filming action scenes for Netflix blockbuster amid comeback MORE : Yara Shahidi fans blast ‘race-swap’ criticism after actress debuts as Tinkerbell in Peter Pan & Wendy trailer  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 