Former Love Island star Jack Keating has kept people guessing after announcing he was a father, but now it appears the identity of the mother of his child has been revealed. On Thursday, the reality TV star, who is the son of Irish singer Ronan Keating, shared that he was a first-time dad. One of Casa Amor 2022’s bombshells, Jack, 23, didn’t spend much time in the villa and went home after failing to couple up with any of the original Islanders. Sharing a black-and-white photo cradling his newborn this week, he wrote: ‘Welcome to the world my little [princess emoji].’ While he didn’t confirm the identity of his baby’s mother, some comments tagging artist Keely Iqbal offered their congratulations to her as well. ‘She is your double through and through. Congratulations both,’ one person wrote while mentioning both Jack and Keely. ‘It’s about time. At least it’s out now,’ they added. Another said: ‘Congrats to you and @keelyiqbal soo proud of you!’ Describing herself as ‘Mummy. Artist.Sneakerhead’ on her business Instagram page, Keely works as an artist designing custom trainers. Throughout her pregnancy she has also shared various photos of her growing bump. First announcing she was going to have a baby in October, Keely and Jack are not believed to be together after he said earlier this month he was ‘single and ready to mingle’. He also said he was using dating apps, and had also signed up to appear on Dinner Dates. His news came as a bit of a surprise to many, with fans working out that since Jack was only in the Love Island villa eight months ago, Keely must have been pregnant when he flew to Mallorca. However despite the questions of the conception, his post was filled with well-wishes, including from parents Ronan and Yvonne Connolly. It is the first grandchild for father-of-five Ronan, 46, who called his granddaughter a ‘little cutie’. Yvonne wrote: ‘I miss her so much already’. Prior to entering the Love Island villa Jack said he had been single for a ‘long time’. ‘Probably four or five years now and I’ve really been missing that spark that I haven’t been getting on the dating scene, like I’ve been dating for a long time,’ he said. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Jack Keating for comment. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When will Winter Love Island 2023 end? Final episode date revealed MORE : The baby challenge is the worst part of Love Island 