Every year the Vanity Fair’s Oscars afterparty includes some incredible looks from some of the biggest stars in Hollywood. This year was no exception, as the stars flocked to the event after the awards ceremony on Sunday night. Some killer outfits were in attendance, including a few sheer numbers from Emily Ratajkowski and singer Ciara, and some exceptional dresses from Cardi B, Megan Thee Stallion and Gigi Hadid. The most risque was a feathered number from Hunter Schafer (you will understand when you see it), while Kendall and Kylie Jenner stunned in some sophisticated and shimmering floor-length dresses. Elsewhere on the night, Everything Everywhere All at Once was the star of the ceremony as it scooped seven awards from 11 nominations, including best film. Michelle Yeoh was delighted to accept best actress for her role in the film. Jamie Lee Curtis also took home her first Oscar in the best supporting actress category. Last year’s big comeback king Brendan Fraser was awarded best actor for his emotional performance in The Whale. Martin McDonagh’s The Banshees of Inisherin was the second-most nominated film at the start of the night, but came home empty handed in a blow for the Irish playwright. All Quiet On The Western front won the accolade for best international feature film, best original score, best production design and best cinematography, while Avatar: The Way of Water won best visual effects. But enough about films: the outfits and the afterparty are pretty much just as important, so here goes… The Jenners were out in force at the after party, and Kendall looked particularly eye-catching in a scaled mermaid dress which she flaunted alongside model Gigi Hadid, who looked a vision as she rocked a fitted red gown. Sister Kylie Jenner went for a shimmery metallic, strapless dress, which she simply wore with minimal accessories and a classy bun. Sheer dresses were all the rage at the event, and we got a glimpse of perhaps the most naked one we’ve ever encountered in singer Ciara’s outfit – which was absolute fire. Brazillian model Alessandra Ambrosio also adopted a similar look, while Emily Ratajkowski sported a sheer high-necked number and looked like a goddess, obviously. Meanwhile, Ashley Graham went for a see-through red floaty number and looked absolutely iconic. There were also some serious power couples gracing the event, including Rebel Wilson and her new fiancée Ramona Agruma, who lit up the room as the former wore a gold dress while the latter went for a gorgeous lacey top. Billie Eilish and her beau Jesse Rutherford looked pretty cool at the event, with the latter sporting some unique face art we haven’t seen before but we kind of, er, liked? We think? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend were all smiles as the model wore a fabulous green and yellow dress which gave serious tropical destination vibes. Kaia Gerber looked phenomenal in an elegant silver sequined dress on the arm of Austin Butler, who looked seriously dapper in a silky shirt. Cardi B and Offset looked the epitome of power couple as the singer wore a killer crimson dress and they smooched for the cameras. Hollywood favourites Rita Ora and Taika Waititi also looked the picture of happiness as the singer wore an incredible white corset-dress, which we’re kind of obsessed with. Black dresses were also a strong theme, with Eva Longoria leading the pack in an elegant number and a sheer skirt, while Hailey Bieber wowed in a simple black, long-sleeved dress. Vanessa Hudgens went for an edgy animal print dress that we absolutely love, while Paris Jackson won whackiest black dress with an explosive, punky number. Megan Thee Stallion slayed in a fitted, sleeveless black dress that wins the most dramatic award in this category. It wouldn’t be a Hollywood party without cut-out dresses and some looks we just haven’t seen before. Leading the pack for the weird and wonderful is American model Hunter Schafer, who wore a single feather over her bust, and a low-hipped silky skirt – which, of course, she gets away with and miraculously looks like an angel. Olivia Wilde went for an equally edgy look with a cream dress draped over a tiny leather bra as she completed the look with some smoky eyes. Florence Pugh went for a relaxed, unique outfit consisting of a black bra and trouser combination and a huge baby pink shawl (we think it’s a shawl, anyway). The event was also sequins-galore, as Brooke Shields rocked a trouser suit which completely dazzled, while Salma Hayek looked simply stunning in a fitted number. Also glittering were Simone Ashley and Suki Waterhouse, both of who rocked floor-length sequined dresses, which have to be up there with the best of the evening. We weren’t sure about Andrew Garfield’s choice of suit, but but other celebs stunned in their unique frocks. Cara Delevingne looked incredible in a busty floor-length cream gown, while Malala Yousafzai opted for the same colour in her silky dress which was the epitome of simple-but-effective. Tracee Ellis Ross rocked a trouser-look we’re absolutely in love with, while Miranda Kerr and Lily James looked like they were heading to prom. All in all, it’s been an Oscars filled with some brilliant outfits and very happy Hollywood stars. What more could we want? Well, other than last year’s on-stage slap drama, not much, it seems. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna cheered on by proud boyfriend A$AP Rocky during epic Oscars performance in swoonworthy moment MORE : Oscars 2023: How to handle disappointment when things don’t go your way 