Janet Jackson’s nephew has spoken out against what he calls her ‘oversexualised’ performances. The That’s The Way Love Goes hitmaker is known for her incredibly successful decades-spanning music career, in which she’s sold more than 100million records and forged her way as a feminist icon. But the 56-year-old’s nephew, TJ Jackson, 44, has admitted that he ‘never liked’ his aunt’s raunchy performances. He thinks rather than being sex positive, in his opinion, performing in such a way was allowing herself to be ‘degraded’ and ‘objectified’. His comments came as a fan shared a clip of Janet performing her steamy number Would You in concert, during which she danced against, touched and even insinuated oral sex on a fan strapped to a table. In response, he tweeted: ‘I never liked when she did this in concerts either. I don’t like when females are overly sexualized in art…it degrades and objectify’s women in a way that’s not healthy. ‘I prefer the ‘That’s The Way Love Goes’ Janet.’ The singer later said that it wasn’t just Janet’s performances he had issues with, as he also felt other ‘female black celebrities’ needed to ‘know [their] worth’. Many people accused him of ‘policing black women and their sexuality’, and one person responded to his statement: ‘Gotta disagree. A woman expressing her sexuality by her own free will is the art itself. The power she has, the control she has. Its only degrading if shes being degraded if that makes sense [sic].’ TJ replied to the former argument, as he said: ‘I love black women. I wish you would respect the black women we put in our music videos and if you are really serious about making a difference stop supporting the negative image many female black celebs today portray. WAP was not a good look. That deserves your energy. ‘To all the black women out there…. know your worth. I truly believe you are the strongest beings on the planet. Don’t sell yourself short. Become the queens you are meant to be. #lovealways.’ Amid further backlash, TJ later hailed Janet a ‘trailblazer and an icon’, and when someone pointed out that her steamy performances may have made him uncomfortable because she was, er, his aunt, he replied: ‘Nah…I didn’t like it …it just diminishes her amazing talent. But would love to hear your disagreement #respect.’ He continued to sing her praises, saying: ‘From Control to RN to All for You to Gone Till It’s Gone…There will never be another JJ.’ Others wondered whether TJ’s words equated to him calling Janet ‘a hoe’, to which he said: ‘Never did. Never would. Way too much respect, admiration and love for my aunt to call her that. ‘Doesn’t even cross my mind. It’s sad the amount of trolls and hate on this platform and how it feeds souls.’ TJ has followed in his family’s musical steps, and was appointed co-guardian to his uncle Michael Jackson’s daughter, Paris, and her two brothers, Prince and Blanket, in 2012, three years after the death of the Thriller singer. His father, Titi Jackson, was an original member of the Jackson 5. Metro.co.uk has contacted Janet and TJ’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Rihanna ‘delaying new music to focus on marrying boyfriend A$AP Rocky’ MORE : Noel Gallagher appears to be channelling heartbreak from marriage split into new music  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 