London’s famous black cabs will see fares increased ‘to ensure there are enough available at night to help women get home safely‘. Passengers will see weekday, weekend and night rates (between 10pm and 5am) go up by 7.61%. The changes, which are due to be approved next week, should come into effect in April. Transport for London (TfL) rejected an initial request from cab drivers to hike fares initial by 11.6% – closer to the rate of inflation. The minimum fare of £3.80 will stay as it is. TfL said: ‘We believe this option strikes the most appropriate balance between taxi drivers being fairly paid and taxi users getting fair, reasonable and affordable fares.’ It’s the latest in a big batch of fare rises, with Tube and bus fare hikes implemented from this Sunday. The taxi fare increase is higher than the 5.9% hike across other parts of the TfL network. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan previously said he has been forced by the Government to mirror the rise of national rail fares. The night rate previously was frozen since 2016 to help make travel affordable for women who weren’t keen on using late trains, Tubes or buses. Mr Khan said: ‘I froze TfL fares for five years from 2016 to make transport more affordable for millions of Londoners. ‘But my hands have been tied since the pandemic by the strict conditions set by the government in the recent emergency funding agreement for TfL, which means fares have to be increase in London by the same amount as National Rail fares – 5.9%. ‘This is a challenging time for our city, with a government that is not fully funding our public services, but I’m determined to step up so that we can continue building a greener, safer and fairer London for everyone.’ Helen Chapman, TfL’s director of licensing and regulation, said: ‘When considering changes to taxi fares it is important we strike an appropriate balance between taxi drivers being fairly paid and passengers getting fair, reasonable and affordable fares. ‘The trade is facing significant inflationary pressures like all sectors of the UK economy and drivers have seen a sharp increase in their operating costs. After carefully considering all of the responses to our consultation we are recommending a 7.61% increase to taxi fares.’ This news comes amid fears women are already struggling with costs elsewhere, meaning fare rises could add increased pressured for some. A new report, titled ‘Women and housing: a gap in the market’, has asked the mayor to now consider what can be done to close the gender housing gap in London. Mr Khan has been urged to offer reduced rent to women in London as a result, to ‘begin to level the playing field for women’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.