Thomas Muller claims Cristiano Ronaldo has posed more of a threat to Bayern Munich than Lionel Messi following Paris Saint-Germain’s elimination from the Champions League. Bayern had a 1-0 lead over PSG from the first leg in Paris and followed that up with a 2-0 victory in the return leg at the Allianz Arena on Wednesday evening to secure their place in the Champions League quarter final. Messi, meanwhile, struggled to make an impact in both legs and has lost six of his nine games played against the Bundesliga club during his career. Following Bayern’s win, Muller claimed Ronaldo has caused his side more problems in the Champions League over the past decade but acknowledged that Messi would find it difficult playing for PSG due to the team’s lack of balance. ‘Against Messi, things always go well at all levels in terms of results,’ Muller said after Bayern’s win over PSG. ‘At club level, Cristiano Ronaldo was our problem when he was at Real Madrid. ‘But I have the greatest respect for Messi’s World Cup performance. Messi’s individual performance at the World Cup was amazing. He carried the whole squad. ‘It’s not so easy to play at a team like PSG. It’s difficult to get a really good team balance.’ Meanwhile, PSG’s head coach Christophe Galtier believes his players needed to be more ‘clear-headed’ in order to progress past Bayern in the Champions League. ‘We had a really good spell when we created chances. We were competing with our opponents and were on top. Unfortunately we couldn’t take the chances we had,’ Galtier said. ‘Then in the second half we conceded a really stupid goal. At this level you need to be a bit more clear-headed. ‘Obviously we were under pressure from Bayern. At that point you need to not be ashamed to play long, to break out of the press. ‘And obviously after an hour when you go behind it becomes very difficult. ‘I don’t know if it is a lesson we need to learn but it is frustrating and disappointing. The game would definitely have been different had we scored first.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 