The pedestrian who was convicted of causing the death of a cyclist by gesturing at her before she rode into the path of a car has lodged an appeal. Auriol Grey was jailed for three years last week after a video was played in court showing her waving at retired midwife Celia Ward, 77, and telling her to ‘get off the f**king pavement’. Seconds later, Celia fell off her bicycle and onto the road, where she was hit by a Volkswagen Tiguan which was not able to stop in time. Grey, who has cerebral palsy, was found guilty of manslaughter by a jury at Peterborough Crown Court. The 49-year-old was later said to be ‘shocked and devastated’ by the outcome, and a bail application from her defence team failed. A spokeswoman at the Criminal Appeal Court said: ‘I can confirm that this person has recently lodged an application for leave to appeal sentence.’ She added: ‘As we have only just received this application we do not know when this case will be listed.’ At Grey’s trial, the court heard police were unable to ‘categorically’ confirm whether the pavement in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, was a shared cycleway. However, in sentencing, Judge Sean Enright noted that it was a ‘shared path’ for cyclists and pedestrians. He said: ‘I am sure you knew cyclists used the path, and were not taken by surprise.’ In her police interview, Grey, who has cerebral palsy, told officers she was partially sighted and described the bicycle as travelling fast in the centre of the pavement. She said she was ‘anxious that I was going to get hit by it’, adding she ‘may have unintentionally put’ out her hand to protect herself. Her barrister, Miranda Moore KC, argued in court: ‘There was no intention to cause harm or an obvious risk of harm.’ But the judge said Grey’s actions ‘are not explained by disability’ and described her as being ‘territorial about the pavement’, adding: ‘You resented the presence of an oncoming cyclist.’ After the conviction, Detective Sergeant Mark Dollard described the case as ‘difficult and tragic’. He said: ‘Everyone will have their own views on cyclists, pavements and cycleways but what is clear is Auriol Grey’s response to the presence of Celia on a pedal cycle was totally disproportionate and ultimately found to be unlawful, resulting in Celia’s untimely and needless death. ‘I am pleased with the verdict and hope it is a stark reminder to all road users to take care and be considerate to each other.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.