The millionaire owner of ‘Britain’s biggest mancave’ built without planning permission has sold the luxury pad to an unnamed Mexican – for £1. Accountant Graham Wildin, 70, says that he’s had enough of the controversy after he served six weeks in jail for repeatedly refusing to knock down his extension. The 10,000sq/ft leisure complex at his home in Cirencester, Gloucester, has a bowling alley, casino and a cinema. He lost yet another legal battle over the property yesterday despite claiming that the property is ‘mothballed’ – and telling the court he sold the property to a mystery ‘Mexican man’. Neighbours took to social media after the verdict to express their irritation at Wildin’s continuous refusal to dismantle the building. One wrote: ‘There’s loads of people waiting for planning permission and it’s not cheap, why does he think he’s above the law when he’s more able to afford to more to a property more suitable to his needs?’ Another person wrote: ‘It’s a legal requirement for all land transactions to be undertaken in writing and lodged with the Land Registry – as an accountant this is something he is fully aware so there will be a public record of the transaction.’ A search on Gov.UK’s land and property information service shows that there have been no recent sales of property on Church Road, where Wildin lives, as of March 2. Other critics expressed their ‘doubts’ about Wildin’s claimed sale of the site, with one person writing: ‘Very convenient. ‘Just lock him up and send in scrap merchant’s and bulldozers. He thinks he is above everyone else. Sorry to be so harsh. Looks like money talking here.’ While another person joked: ‘The council should now do a compulsory purchase on the cave now, give the new owner £2 – he’s doubled his money.’ Locals have expressed their doubts over Wildin’s claims for weeks, saying they believe he intends to move furniture he claims to have distributed among his family back into the property later. One anonymous neighbour said: ‘He thinks he’s being clever – but he’s not that clever. We can see everything he does. ‘He’s got a couple of white vans there, and we think he’s been putting stuff in them. ‘He loads some items into them, they’ve not moved at all in that long, but we are under the impression that as soon as the council comes to check if the interiors of the building have been stripped – he’s gunna put everything back in again. ‘He’s had people there working, so I think they’re probably clearing it out for him into the vans. ‘In the meantime his cars are still there, he parks his sports cars all up and down the road to make life as difficult as possible for all of us. ‘It makes parking our cars a nightmare, especially if we have more than one car.’ Wildin was locked up last year for failing to comply with a court order to decommission the building. He lost his latest court battle yesterday after three High Court judges said it was right to jail him for defying court orders During proceedings, he claimed he had sold the complex to a Mexican man for just £1 and produced land registry documents to prove he was no longer the legal owner. He also claimed it could no longer be accessed legally with most of the contents moved to other family members. Despite his claims, the High Court said it had no bearing on the existing case as it happened after he was sentenced and jailed. Wildin was ordered to pay £9,962 in costs and Forest of Dean District Council will now decide whether to pursue the matter further legally. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.