Scream villain Ghostface was spotted in the wild around the US, leading to utter chaos and panicked phone calls to the police. Ahead of the release of Scream 6 on March 10, starring Jenna Ortega, Courteney Cox and Hayden Panettiere, it seems that film bosses went all out to market the slasher sequel – including hiring an unnamed person to lurk around decked out in the serial killer costume. Yes seriously. Pictures have appeared on social media showing ‘Ghostface’ innocently minding their business in Sonoma, California, while unnerving neighbors. According to Variety, similar figures have also popped up in New Orleans and St Louis, just before the film hits the big screen. However, the move may not have gone down too well with locals, who promptly called the police after spotting them. Members of the Sonoma Police Department shared a post on the official Facebook page, reassuring worried followers that there was nothing sinister occurring. ‘This morning our dispatch center received multiple calls for service regarding an individual standing at 1st St. E/E Napa St wearing a SCREAM costume,’ the post read. ‘This individual has been contacted and was hired by a company through Paramount to promote the new SCREAM movie. ‘Thank you for everyone’s concern, it’s been addressed.’ Sonoma is well versed in all things Ghostface as some scenes of the original Scream film, in 1996, were actually filmed in the area. The sixth instalment in the franchise is set to be released next week, with sisters Sam and Tara Carpenter – played by Melissa Barrera and Jenna Ortega respectively – ditching Woodsboro for a new life in New York. Of course, their past comes back to haunt them as someone in the Ghostface costume begins terrorizing them around the city. They are joined by Gale Weathers (Courteney), who landed her own morning show in New York in between movies, as well as Kirby Reed (Hayden), and a host of new characters. Shedding light on what horror fans can expect from Scream 6, Courteney that things are even more gory and violent this time around. ‘They just keep elevating it… They amped it up in every way,’ she told Entertainment Tonight. ‘The writers are incredible and it’s so scary. ‘There are more stabbings per person than I’ve ever seen. And they found some new places to get stabbed. ‘I don’t know how Ghostface’s arm didn’t fall off. I’ve never seen more stabbings… It was unbelievable.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Paramount for a comment. Scream 6 is released in cinemas on March 10. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price causes ‘major headache’ for Channel 4 bosses as she ‘quits’ TV comeback at last minute MORE : Blink-182 postpone start of tour due to Travis Barker’s ‘freak accident’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 