The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been evicted from their UK home at Frogmore Cottage by the King and may not have a place to stay in the country for the coronation in May, according to reports. It is also claimed that Charles is planning to give the house, near Windsor Castle, to his brother Prince Andrew if he is booted out of the larger Royal Lodge. The Sun reports that Harry and Meghan are looking to move their belongings out of the property and over to their US home in Montecito, California. Their eviction from the five-bed property came just days after the publication of Harry’s explosive autobiography Spare, which contained damning stories about other members of the Royal Family, the paper said. The revelation comes amid intense speculation over whether the Sussexes will come over to the UK for the coronation of King Charles on May 6. A royal insider told The Sun: ‘This eviction surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan’s time in the UK. ‘Andrew is resisting the idea of moving into Frogmore Cottage after he was offered it last week. ‘But it shows Harry and Meghan are powerless to stop the eviction.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Buckingham Palace and the Sussexes’ Archewell Foundation for comment. The disgraced Duke of York is said to be resisting alleged efforts to move him out of his grace-and-favour home at the Royal Lodge in Windsor Great Park. Last week, a source told the Daily Mirror that Andrew had said there was ‘no chance’ of him leaving the house, which was previously used by the Queen Mother until her death in 2002. But his annual allowance of £250,000 is said to be under threat, as the King reportedly considers significant budget cuts. Last month, The Telegraph reported that one of Harry’s friends had said the couple were in a ‘predicament’ over whether to attend the coronation. According to the source, Harry was keen to be by his father’s side on ‘pretty much the most important day’ of his life. But his relationship with the rest of his family – particularly his brother William – is said to have come under extreme strain since the release of Spare in January. Among the revelations in the book is Harry’s claim that William once physically attacked him during a row about his marriage to Meghan. Frogmore Cottage was given to the couple in 2018 as a wedding gift from the Queen, and they moved in following several months of renovations. After they formally dropped their HRH titles, Harry and Meghan repaid the £2.4 million of taxpayer’s money that was spent on the work. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.