A ‘disgusted’ couple has accused an Amazon driver of peeing at the bottom of their driveway before delivering their package. CCTV appears to show the worker crouching down to urinate next to her van on Tuesday evening. Les Watson, 54, and Emma Marsden, 44, say they found a puddle on their property in Loughton Essex, after receiving their new hair trimmer. It comes after complaints from drivers that they don’t have enough time to take toilet breaks – with some allegedly urinating in bottles to keep to delivery times. The retail giant has insisted workers can ‘take breaks at their discretion’ and has promised to contact the couple to apologise. Emma has revealed that she was initially worried that the driver had hurt herself when she saw her go to the ground. ‘We had a really good laugh about it later, but to be honest we’re still pretty shocked’, she said. ‘I mean it’s disgusting. She just hands over our parcel. It was his parcel anyway, but I made sure he opened it and washed his hands. ‘You can see everything, and anyone walking by could easily have seen it too. ‘I mean I feel for her being so desperate but surely she can carry a camping loo or something, or go to a pub or whatever to use the loo.’ Emma phoned Amazon to make a complaint, but said she gave up when she was asked to use an online form. An Amazon spokesperson has said they have ‘very high standards for the delivery service providers we work with and how they serve customers’. They continued: ‘We are committed to ensuring that the people contracted by our independent delivery providers are fairly compensated and are treated with respect, and this is reflected by the positive feedback we receive from drivers every day. ‘We work to set realistic performance expectations that do not place undue pressure on our partners or their drivers. ‘We use sophisticated technology to plan delivery routes to ensure that drivers aren’t receiving and driving with too many packages. ‘Drivers deliver at their own pace and take breaks at their discretion and this is clearly communicated during training. ‘They also have a number of ways to share comments, including escalating any challenges to Amazon through a 24/7 hotline, which works quickly to investigate any concerns.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.