Nick Knowles has revealed he had a stressful moment filming his latest series, which left him wedged in the Grand Canyon after gaining weight during lockdown. The TV presenter, 60, adventured through the epic rock formation in Arizona for his series, Into the Grand Canyon with Nick Knowles, but at one-point things got a little too close for comfort. Putting on four stone over lockdown, Nick was 18 stone when he was filming, which he admits put him in a bit of a precarious position. ‘You have to go through ‘horizontal chimneys’ which are for real cavers, who are like whippets – they’re tiny, skinny people,’ he said. ‘But my director was like, “Go through here, and there’s a cave on the other side which we can talk in”. ‘But halfway along, I was like, “I can’t do this, this is just too much.” I had palpitations, it was seriously terrifying.’ It turns out his fears were totally founded. “There was a point where I was wedged, I couldn’t get my shoulders through and I was wedged,’ he added while appearing on Radio X. While he admits he started to stress, he eventually managed to calm himself down. ‘My heart started to go and I was, “Breath, breath, breath”,’ he added. He recalled how the caver then joked with him and asked how Nick was feeling about his life choices in that moment. While he made it out safely, it clearly sounds like the experience won’t be forgotten anytime soon. In 2020 the DIY SOS star spoke openly about his weight gain, explaining he had ‘indulged more’ during lockdown, while also not being able to go to the gym as they were all closed for months. While he was a victim of trolling after wearing a wetsuit on screen when a new series of his show hit screens, he said he might be ‘large after lockdown’, but ‘didn’t care’. He later said that many people had been feeling ‘self-conscious’ about weight put on during the time, but that seeing him looking ‘hairy, bearded and fat’ might have been a comfort. Into the Grand Canyon with Nick Knowles begins tonight at 9pm on Channel 5. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Knowles admits he pours gravy on his pancakes and compares sweet treat to Yorkshire pudding MORE : Nick Knowles ‘eyeing up Hollywood career’ after ‘sociopathic’ play turns into movie 