A notorious binman who roundhouse kicked the head off a three-year-old boy’s snowman has appeared back in court. Callum Woodhouse hit the headlines for kicking in the 6ft creation in Hereford when he was captured on CCTV in January 2021. He boasted with glee that he was the ‘snowman killer’ when he was sacked by Herefordshire Council for the cruel act. Now, after causing damage in a police station, Woodhouse has appeared back in court – and avoided jail. Hereford Magistrates Court heard how he had gone into a police station to make an enquiry at the front desk at 2.30pm on February 10. Woodhouse suddenly flew into a rage when he felt like he wasn’t getting any help and, in a return to his old ways, kicked and smashed up the police station. Woodhouse was restrained and arrested and when asked by officers whether he was carrying any weapons he revealed he had a kitchen knife inside his sock. Prosecutor Melanie Winterflood said he made no comment in his police interview and he had one previous conviction for battery dating back to January 2020. Defending, Marilena Di Vitantonio said Woodhouse’s mental health played a big part in the incident. ‘He was unable to get that help and kicked out at the door in frustration,’ she said. ‘He would welcome a community order with open arms as he feels he needs help and no-one is listening.’ Woodhouse, of Kingstone, Herefordshire, pleaded guilty to both charges and was handed a 132 day prison sentence, suspended for 18 months. He was also ordered to pay prosecution costs of £135 and a £154 victim surcharge at Hereford Magistrates Court. Woodhouse previously apologised to the family for kung-fu kicking the snowman which left a three-year-old boy in floods of tears. He admitted: ‘I’m the snowman killer aren’t I. ‘I didn’t really have any other reason for kicking it. I saw it melting so I thought I’d kick it. ‘The snowman was obstructing my work and it was going to melt anyway. ‘I’ve apologised to the family. I messaged them on the day it blew up [on social media] but they blocked me. ‘I’ve lost my job, f**ked over a snowman.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.