Amber Gill planted a big kiss on her footballer girlfriend Jen Beattie’s lips following Arsenal’s win over Chelsea this week. The Gunners beat the Blues in the Continental League Cup final and former Love Island star Amber, 25, was clearly delighted for Jen, 31. Jen ran into the stands where her girlfriend was waiting and the lovebirds put on an affectionate display, sharing a kiss before embracing each other tightly. While Jen was in her football kit, TV personality Amber donned a black bomber jacket and couldn’t stop smiling while congratulating her girlfriend. Amber first appeared on Love Island in 2019 when she was 21, and won the competition with partner Greg O’Shea – who she split from soon after – beating Molly-Mae Hague to the prize. Last year, she came out, addressing rumours about her sexuality by saying she had ‘switched teams’ and was open to dating women. On Valentine’s Day, Amber appeared to confirm her relationship with Scotland footballer Jen, which had been strongly rumoured since January this year. Both shared pictures of bunches of flowers they’d been sent while Amber tagged Jen in her Story from ESPA Life at Corinthia in London. Amber also referred to Jen as her ‘better half’ on TikTok. In January, Amber was seen leaving Borehamwood Football Club with Jen after a match. Amber had previously said she wanted to keep her relationship private for a little while longer. ‘I’m not ready to tell just yet,’ she admitted. ‘You know when you just want to keep things to yourself to see how it goes until like, it’s real life?’ Jen joined Arsenal in 2019, the year Amber won Love Island, after making over 100 appearances for Manchester City Women since 2015. She has played more than 140 games for Scotland’s national women’s team, helping them to qualify for the World Cup in 2019. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hollyoaks spoilers: Rayne Royce’s dark secret confirmed: ‘It haunts me everyday!’ MORE : Andy Cohen ‘girding his loins’ ahead of Vanderpump Rules reunion after Tom Sandoval and Raquel Leviss cheat drama 