A mum-of-two has shared the ordeal she suffered after her newborn baby was born with his organs outside of his body – and says he’s on borrowed time. Jade Earaker and her partner, Rhys Bradford, have been left ‘heartbroken’ after learning their little boy, Zachary, has been diagnosed with gastroschisis, a life-changing birth defect. It’s the same birth defect as EastEnders’ Michael Greco’s son was born with in 2021. Now, after undergoing multiple surgeries, Zachary is still fighting for his life. Jade, 22, and Rhys, 27, have been told their boy is a ‘ticking time bomb’ and are now sharing the ‘scariest moment’ of their lives to raise awareness. ‘We had no idea if he was going to survive his first surgery, let alone the rest, and we were left distraught,’ Jade, from East Kilbride, Scotland, said. ‘When doctors told us the news, it was the scariest moment of my life so far, especially as his odds are so slim. ‘Rhys and I were told to prepare for the worst.’ As this was their first pregnancy, the young parents were overjoyed with excitement. But at 12 weeks, a hole within the abdominal wall was detected during a routine scan, which caused the tot’s intestines to form outside his body. In a bid to ensure regular development, emergency surgery is typically offered to place the organs back inside – but as he was too small and the condition of his bowel was deteriorating, this wasn’t possible. Soon, Jade and Rhys were visiting the hospital up to three times a week for regular check ups, as Zachary started to show signs of deterioration. On 4 October 2021, his bowel perforated and an emergency c-section was performed in order to rush him to theatre immediately. She said: ‘Luckily, Zachary was the youngest ever survivor of the partial bowel resection surgery, defeating all odds and the moment we finally got to hold him was surreal. ‘Now, he’s spent the majority of his life on a ward in hospital and recently was diagnosed with intestinal and liver failure, in which he will need a double transplant. ‘We were explained the waiting process for this and that the wait could be lengthy as the other organs within the donor must be size efficient to match. ‘This absolutely broke our hearts, as the donor would need to be a baby and these transplants are uncommon – and successful ones only have a life expectancy of five to ten years.’ Since then, Zachary has had two further surgeries to lengthen his bowel, along with heart surgery, where he developed sepsis twice and a blood clot in his left leg. Now, the gastro team are attempting to increase his gut tolerance with total parenteral nutrition, a method of feeding which bypasses the gastrointestinal tract – however, the long term effects of this have been detrimental to Zachary’s liver. Currently, he weighs only 6.5kg with little sign of weight gain and as his condition is quickly deteriorating, the family are hopeful for a transplant match soon. Speaking about their emotions throughout their ordeal, Jade said: ‘Every small step forward is a huge win for us. ‘But, we’ve had five failed matches so far and it’s left us heartbroken. ‘We’ve never felt so hurt and let down, but no one was to blame, it was just poor luck.’ Despite the trauma faced, the family are remaining hopeful and are in awe of how strong their little boy is. Jade, who is also mum to Reuben, two months, added: ‘Zachary is our absolute world and I’m beyond proud to call myself his mummy. ‘Everything he’s had to overcome and fight through, it’s safe to say he’s a real life superhero. ‘He gives us a reason to keep going when things are tough and reminds us how grateful we should be everyday to hold him. ‘The purpose of sharing his story is not only to boast about how inspirational he is, but to raise awareness for organ donation, particularly in children. ‘It’s important for everyone to be aware of the tremendous upside that organ donation offers, but there’s also a need to recognise that children’s organs are needed too. ‘This seems to be overlooked and if families are aware of the impact donation can have on children like Zachary, it could impact their decision if they were ever in a similar scenario. ‘But for now, we’re hoping and praying everyday for a match to come up soon – it would be a dream come true.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘I can’t afford to leave’: The women trapped in unhappy marriages due to the cost of living MORE : Astro-analysis: Mandalorian’s Pedro Pascal’s Sun, Moon, and Rising star signs and what they reveal MORE : The Sephora UK store is finally here – and you can bag some sweet freebies