This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. In the world of beauty, the Hey Bud exfoliator has become one of the MVPs of skincare. In fact, the product proved so popular with customers when it launched last month that it sold out in one day, with a backlog of 5,500 orders. To put it simply, like Samantha Jones with her Birkin, most of the adult population with Beyoncé’s Renaissance tickets or anyone trying to get a same-day doctor’s appointment in 2023, you were looking at a long waitlist. Thankfully, the viral product is back in stock and we suggest you add to cart and proceed to payment fast before this baby makes like Houdini and vanishes again. So what’s the hype all about? Well, Hey Bud is one of Australia’s buzziest skincare brands. It’s famed for using hemp-seed oil as one of its key ingredients, which is packed full of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids and helps clear acne, blackheads and blemishes. CBD and Hemp skincare has been getting some major hype in recent years. Gwyneth Paltrow and Kristen Bell both swear by the products and Kim Kardashian even threw a CBD-themed baby shower. The Hey Bud range quickly became a cult staple since it started in 2018 but customers were crying out for an exfoliator that would tackle dry and dead skin skills without aggravation. And Hey Bud has most certainly delivered. We beauty fans know how damaging abrasive products can be on our skin. In the words of TLC, we don’t want no scrubs. That’s why Hey Bud’s exfoliator is so genius. Developed over the course of 12 months, the innovative product contains a blend of both physical and chemical exfoliation. Natural sweet orange and blueberry AHAs are used alongside Cellulose Beads to even out your skin tone and give you a complexion smoother than a fresh jar of Skippy. (Yes, that is a Bruno Mars lyric. You’re welcome.) But best of all, the Cellulose Beads are biodegradable, so there’s no risk of damage to your skin or the environment. That’s right guys. Hey Bud is also a sustainable hun. Vegan, cruelty free and absolutely no nasties. The reviews have been overwhelmingly positive. One customer wrote: ‘So insane but just goes to show this was definitely the product everyone was screaming for ’ Another added: ‘I already ordered two before they sold out’. And one customer could barely conceal her excitement, simply putting: ‘YES MY PRAYERS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED!!!!!!’ So let’s face it, this is a worthwhile product, Especially with the cold weather draining all of the moisture out of our skin. Our faces are looking as crusty as a Sainsbury’s bloomer. We all deserve a treat to give us a much-needed glow. Check out the exfoliator here. Quick. MORE : This waterproof jacket will save your bacon during the current wild weather (and Gareth Southgate approves) MORE : Fans ‘blown away’ (so to speak) by this Eiffel Tower-inspired sex toy