Amy Hart and her boyfriend Sam Rason have welcomed their first child, a beautiful baby boy. The former Love Islander shared the news on Tuesday and even posted a slew of adorable snaps of her newborn. Announcing her tot’s arrival on Instagram, Amy wrote: ‘Well…. 4 days of contractions at home (which everyone told us were braxton hicks…they weren’t ), 4 very short hours in the delivery suite and 5 long days in hospital later, we are home with our dreamy baby boy.’ The doting mum went on: ‘Born at 3.31am on 3/3/23 weighing 8lbs with the most beautiful head of hair (Amy would take the 9 months of reflux again) and we are so so in love. ‘Proper introductions to come but now we’re home safe and sound. Thank you to everyone who sent their well wishes.’ Amy concluded: ‘We really appreciated it over the last few days [here’s a few delivery room snaps, can’t wait to show you his beautiful, non post birth swollen face].’ The former air hostess shared the news that she was pregnant with her first child in August. The reality star, who appeared on the ITV2 dating show in 2019, has been very open about her journey with freezing her eggs after learning that she is likely to go through early menopause. Wanting to make sure she’d be able to have her own family, she was initially pursuing IVF on her own before meeting Sam in 2021. Seven months ago, Amy revealed on Loose Women that she was around 13-14 weeks pregnant. Explaining how it all happened, she shared: ‘It was very unexpected, we weren’t going to start trying until next year… I had my 30th completely sober. Stacey’s sister made me a cup so no one could see what I was drinking and everyone kept coming up to me and saying, “You don’t seem very drunk?” ‘And I said to my best friend, “People are beginning to ask”, and she said, “Well, you’re going to have to do something then!” So the Abba tribute band was playing Lay All Your Love On Me and I started crawling across the dancefloor, and nobody asked again!’ When Sam joined the ladies at the desk he said: ‘It was just such a shock, it was so unplanned, it just happened – disbelief really.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : You actor Penn Badgley’s ‘polarising’ cockney accent branded an ‘ode to Joe Pasquale’ MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Nish subjects Suki to nasty outburst amid Ash’s exit story 