Ian Wright has warned Arsenal that he does not expect title rivals Manchester City to lose another Premier League match this season with 12 games left. The Gunners went 2-0 down at home to AFC Bournemouth on Saturday and needed a 97th-minute winner to secure three points. It was a massive result for the north London club as they remain top of the league and in the hunt to lift their first top-flight trophy since 2004. Despite having a five-point lead over second-placed Manchester City, it is still a massive task for Arsenal, who have not even reached the top four since 2015-16. Pep Guardiola’s side, meanwhile, who beat Arsenal 3-1 at the Emirates last month, have won four of the last five Premier League titles and are set to host the Gunners at the Etihad in a title showdown on April 26. Arsenal legend Wright has fired a warning to his old club about their title challengers City and fears Mikel Arteta’s team will ‘probably’ have to win every game until the end of the season to get the job done. ‘Finding a way to win… Arsenal have done that a few times this season and what they are learning on a weekly basis is that this is what is going to have to happen [to win the title],’ he told The Kelly & Wrighty Show. ‘If I’m playing in Arsenal’s dressing room right now, I’m not expecting City to lose any more games. You know that you’re going to have to go out there and if it goes to the last second, that’s what you’ve got to do. ‘You don’t want to look yourself in the mirror and say you could have tried harder in this game or that game. ‘You get some luck… You get some bad luck… But you’re not stopping, you are fighting until the end.’  Wright added: ‘When you look at Arsenal’s next two [top-flight] games, Fulham and [Crystal] Palace, they are two teams who can both cause Arsenal problems. ‘If they get something out of one of those games, it could be a problem. Palace for Arsenal at home is a difficult game. We probably have to win all of our [remaining] games. ‘Arsenal have got Liverpool away [coming up], this Liverpool… the rebirth! They’ve assembled again! From now till the end of the season, you can’t call anything.’ MORE : Arsenal icon defends celebrations against Bournemouth amid potential FA charge MORE : Bernd Leno makes Arsenal title prediction and denies 'toxic feelings' 