Rihanna sent a bunch of flowers to a senior living home in Kentucky. The bouquet was received by the Arcadia Senior Living facility on Saturday, shortly after a group of residents recreated the hitmaker’s iconic Super Bowl halftime show. Even Jay-Z was a fan of the incredible clip – which has racked up tens of millions of views on TikTok – with the rapper also sending flowers. What’s more, the 35-year-old star even attached a sweet message to the bouquet that read: ‘You ladies dance was amazing. Love Roc Nation. Rihanna.’ Roc Nation is the Rude Boy crooner’s record label, which was founded by Jay-Z. Jay’s message read: ‘We love the TikTok here at Roc Nation! Jay-Z.’ The viral video was uploaded to social media on February 22 and sees 11 elderly residents of the home recreate a segment of Rihanna’s show wearing white costumes. Speaking to Buzzfeed about Rihanna and Jay-Z’s incredible gestures, Arcadia Senior Living’s director of community relations, Paige Oakes, said: ‘We were just in shock. This whole time, we’ve just been waiting for a response from Rihanna — not really thinking that it would ever happen because we know she’s busy and we didn’t really know if she saw it or not. ‘It made our day knowing that it reached her and she got to watch it and enjoy seeing our residents dancing to her music and having fun.’ It comes after Rihanna almost broke the internet by sharing an adorable photo of the son she shares with her partner, A$AP Rocky. The superstar singer, who is pregnant with her second child, poked fun at the fact she’ll be taking her bump along to this month’s Oscars ceremony while her ten-month-old firstborn will be staying at home. Rihanna – who is nominated in the best original song category – captioned her heart-melting snap: ‘My son when he found out his sibling is going to the Oscars and not him.’ In the photo, Rihanna and rapper Rocky’s son – whose name has not been publicly shared – looked up at the camera with tears in his eyes. Needless to say, the picture almost caused her 145million strong Instagram following to implode, with comments like: ‘He’s so sweet,’ ‘His lil face’ and ‘So cute omg’ quickly racking up in the comment section below the doting mum’s post. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Scream 6 newcomer Josh Segarra mistakenly told everyone he was Ghostface after audition mix-up MORE : Home and Away exit confirmed for Georgie Parker as huge stunt week airs in UK  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.