A trans woman who began transitioning in her 70s after her wife began suffering from Alzheimer’s has shared her incredible story. Isobel, 80, underwent gender-affirming surgery in January of this year, after coming out publicly as transgender just a few years ago. Having lived life appearing on the surface to be a cis straight man, marrying wife Margaret and welcoming children with her, Isobel had privately been dressing in women’s clothes – bought for her by her adoring wife. Recalling their early days together, Isobel, appearing on Good Morning Britain, explained she ‘had Margaret’s support.’ ‘When I was 20, they were still imprisoning homosexuals,’ she said. ‘Trans people weren’t even talked about.’ ‘I had the support of a wonderful wife. We were married 60 years,’ Isobel went on, before sadly revealing Margaret was suffering from Alzheimer’s, lives in a nursing home ‘and doesn’t really know me now.’ Reflecting on when her wife began exhibiting stronger signs of the devastating disease, Isobel explained: ‘I thought that if I was to live any sort of life without her, I want to become who I want to be.’ And Margaret told her: ‘Whatever makes you happy, dear.’ Isobel began living as herself when she was still caring for Margaret before she moved into the nursing home, and when asked by host Kate Garraway if she had been nervous about coming out to people, she laughed: ‘Yes, but not quite as nervous as I am now.’ The 80-year-old admitted she had been ‘ever such a lot happier’ since transitioning and undergoing surgery, saying her ‘suicidal thoughts have disappeared.’ Isobel and Margaret’s story touched many watching from home, who took to social media to share their support. ‘How wonderful… Isobel I’m so glad you’ve had the support of your beautiful wife,’ one person wrote. Another said they had shed ‘more than a few joyful tears for Isobel on GMB just now… what a bloody lovely, and finally happy, lady. You go girl.’ ‘What a joy Isobel is, so please she has found her happiness,’ one said, with another adding the ‘utter joy on her face is so wonderful to see.’ One impressed viewer praised the ‘compassionate and caring interview’ and Isobel’s ‘touching, personal story,’ adding they hoped it made people realise ‘there is always a human at the [receiving] end of their hate.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV and ITVX Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gary Lineker’s Nazi Germany comments causes major free speech row on Good Morning Britain MORE : Richard Madeley denies he ‘got the sack’ from Good Morning Britain while explaining horror accident that led to absence  