Sierra Middleton has a rather unusual best friend – her adorable pet skunk, Elfo. The 26-year-old bought Elfo from an exotic pet breeder in May 2022, and they’ve been inseparable ever since. Sierra, who lives in Florida, where you can legally own a skunk if you have a permit, said her bond with Elfo is ‘super strong’ – and she often lets him roam free around her home. She’s also used her knowledge as a dog trainer to teach the clever skunk tricks, saying he needs constant ‘mental stimulation’. Elfo can heel, stand on his hind legs, and even open up his own kennel and close the cage behind him. The professional dog trainer, from Orlando, US, said: ‘Elfo is really savvy. ‘I’ve been training him using a clicker – he now knows that clicks mean food, which gives him a lot of motivation to do tricks. ‘So far, I’ve taught him to heal, hide himself in a suitcase, and jump out when I call. ‘He can stand on his hind legs like a person – he even knows how to open up his own kennel and close the cage behind him. ‘People find it really cute.’ Since Sierra bought Elfo in May 2022, she’s already spent over £2,000 on his upkeep. She said: ‘If I had any advice for anyone wanting to get a skunk – or any exotic pet really – it’d be to do a lot of research into how much it’s going to cost. ‘I bought him for $600 (£500), and immediately had to spend another $700 (£583) to get him neutered. The rest goes on his bed, toys and vaccines. ‘His diet is also expensive at times – skunks have different dietary needs to household pets like cats or dogs. ‘Skunks need fresh meat and produce in addition to pellets. I feed mine eggs, crickets, roaches, hornworms, superworms, and spiders. ‘He also loves vegetables – broccoli, cauliflower, and sugar snap peas are his favourites.’ Sierra also warned that keeping a pet skunk happy can take up a lot of your time, especially when they’re younger. She said: ‘Skunks need parents with lots of time because they need people who can cater to all their emotional, mental and physical needs. ‘They need opportunities to forage, dig, sniff, explore, play, and – of course – spend lots of time with their person to form a strong bond. ‘He loves chasing our dog around and stomping with him – and I love them both. ‘My favourite bonding activity to do with him is take him for walks around our yard and the park. ‘Lots of socialisation is key for helping them grow comfortable and confident in the different environments they might be exposed to as well as the people, animals, sounds, sights and smells they might encounter.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Anxious cat pals Luke and Leia need a home – can you help? MORE : Adorable dog who was ‘left for dead’ learns to use prosthetic leg MORE : Adorable three-year-old cowboy loves helping out on the family farm