A mass cull of pet cats in Britain was considered at the start of the pandemic, a former minister has revealed. Lord Bethell said it was briefly talked about in 2020 amid fears the animals – all 10.9 million of them in the UK – were spreading Covid. ‘What we shouldn’t forget is how little we understood about this disease,’ he told Channel 4 News. ‘There was a moment we were very unclear about whether domestic pets could transmit the disease. ‘In fact, there was an idea at one moment that we might have to ask the public to exterminate all the cats in Britain. ‘Can you imagine what would have happened if we had wanted to do that? ‘And yet, for a moment there was a bit of evidence around that so that had to be investigated and closed down.’ Lord Bethell was Matt Hancock’s deputy in the Department of Health and Social Care from 2020 to 2021. His comments follow the revelation of tens of thousands of leaked WhatsApp messages between the former health secretary and senior figures during the pandemic. Among the claims include Mr Hancock allegedly rejecting expert testing advice in April 2020. England’s chief medical officer Professor Sir Chris Whitty was said to have insisted there should be testing for ‘all going into care homes’. But the published exchanges suggest Mr Hancock ultimately rejected the guidance, telling an aide the move just ‘muddies the waters’, and introduced mandatory testing only for those coming from hospitals rather than the community. He was also said to have expressed concerns that expanding care home testing could ‘get in the way’ of the target of 100,000 daily coronavirus tests he was desperate to hit. Mr Hancock was considering legal action over the claims in the Daily Telegraph, which his spokesman dismissed as ‘flat wrong’ because he was told it was ‘not currently possible’ to carry out the tests. The aide said the messages revealed by journalist Isabel Oakeshott, who was handed them by Mr Hancock while she worked on his Pandemic Diaries memoir, have been ‘spun to fit an anti-lockdown agenda’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.