Harry Styles has lit up our lives like nobody else after a snap on his Instagram sent One Direction fans into meltdown. The As It Was singer, 29, snapped a shot of himself in a shirt sporting his former bandmates’ faces from the band’s 2012 Up All Night Tour. The shirt includes portrait pictures of Styles as well as Liam Payne, Louis Tomlinson, Niall Horan, and Zayn Malik, with a sixth square including the band’s abbreviated name ‘1D’. Fans were quick to point out the shirt in the snap, and even quicker to point out that Styles swiftly deleted the photo from his Instagram page. Directioners were elated by the snap with some questioning if a reunion could be on the horizon, with others describing it as the ‘serotonin boost they needed’. ‘DID WE JUST GET A SELFIE OF HARRY MF STYLES WITH A ONE DIRECTION SHIRT. AM I DREAMING???’ one user posted, with many others also echoing their surprise with comedic gifs detailing the chaos the picture has caused among his fanbase. ‘HARRY EDWARD STYLES GO TO YOUR ROOM NOWWWWW. THIS IS NOT OKAY. YOU HAVE CAUSED EXTREME PANIC,’ another posted. Other fans questioned whether Styles’ photo – that many have concluded was meant to be posted to his Close Friends circle on Instagram – is hinting at a One Direction reunion. ‘I’m telling y’all I feel a one direction reunion in my BONES,’ one fan surmised, with another posting they will ‘drop everything’ in their life and spend ‘any amount of money’ to watch the band reform. Last month, Harry melted hearts as he thanked his former bandmates in his Brit Awards acceptance speech as he snatched the accolade for best artist. ‘I wanna thank my family for being the most supportive, understanding, patient family,’ he praised, with his sister, Gemma, at his table in the audience. Harry added: ‘I wanna thank my mum for signing me up for the X Factor without asking me. ‘I also wanna thank Niall, Louis, Liam, and Zayn. I wouldn’t be here without them.’ One Direction formed in 2010 when each of the members auditioned for The X Factor as solo artists. The band achieved third place on the TV show, but were propelled to success following their time on the show becoming one of the best-selling boy bands of all time. During their time together the band won 200 awards, including seven Brit Awards, while also becoming the first band in the US Billboard 200 history to have their first four albums debut at number one. The group split in 2016 with the members going on to pursue solo careers, including Styles currently embarking on his worldwide Love On Tour which saw him perform to 83,000 fans at Sydney’s Olympic Park on Friday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Ellen Show star Sophia Grace Brownlee, 19, welcomes her first baby MORE : Pete Davidson and girlfriend Chase Sui Wonders ‘involved in car crash’ 