Erik ten Hag says Bruno Fernandes will remain his captain when Harry Maguire is not playing, insisting he has no concerns over the Manchester United midfielder’s leadership qualities. The Portugal international has been United’s regular skipper with Maguire out of the side this season. His performance and on-field conduct was widely criticised in the aftermath of Sunday’s harrowing 7-0 defeat to Liverpool at Anfield, however, with former club captain Gary Neville leading the condemnation. But speaking at a press conference ahead of Thursday’s Europa League clash against Real Betis, ten Hag dismissed those concerns and insisted the Portugal international is an inspirational figure in his side. Asked if Fernandes is meeting the standards required as captain, ten Hag said: ‘Yes. Definitely. He is playing a brilliant season, he has a really important role in why we are in the position we are. ‘Because he gives energy to the team, he not only running a lot in the highest intensity but in the right way, in the right direction. ‘He is pointing and coaching players, he is an inspirator for the team. But no one is perfect. Everyone has mistakes and everyone has to learn. I have to learn, he will learn as well because is is intelligent. ‘But I am really happy to have Bruno in our team and I am really happy if Harry is not on the pitch, he is our captain.’ Former United defender Neville fumed with Fernandes during Sunday’s second-half blitz on Merseyside, suggesting the midfielder had demanded to be subbed off after his side conceded their fifth goal. ‘Bruno Fernandes is stood in the centre circle with his arms raised asking: ‘Why is it me not coming off?’ Neville said. ‘Honestly, I have to say some of his behaviour in the second half has been a disgrace.’ But it has since emerged Fernandes was not gesturing to come off and was instead seeking clarification from the coaching staff on his positioning following the introduction of Anthony Elanga. United hope to move on from that historic defeat when they take on Betis in the first leg of their round of 16 clash at Old Trafford on Thursday. MORE : Odion Ighalo urges Victor Osimhen to join Manchester United MORE : Sheikh Jassim and Sir Jim Ratcliffe set for talks at Old Trafford over £4.5bn Manchester United takeover For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 