Selena Gomez has shared a glimpse from a low-key family fishing trip as she returned to Instagram after a short social media break. Just last week, the Only Murders In The Building actress announced that she would be stepping back from the internet after bizarre ‘drama’ with Hailey Bieber and Kylie Jenner made headlines. In new snaps on the platform, where she is currently the most followed woman in the world, the 30-year-old posted a string of wholesome snaps and videos showing her Texas getaway. She could be seen proudly posing with a huge fish while embracing her sister, Gracie in one upload, as another showed them catching up while on the water. Alongside the carousel, which has more than 9million likes so far, she penned: ‘Texas girl at heart. Cali girl for fun and NY gal for the real. ‘Grateful, thankful and blessed lady!’ Selena has had a rollercoaster few weeks after reclaiming her crown as the most followed woman on Instagram, from Kylie. However, the pair were dragged into alleged drama on social media shortly after, when the Kardashians star was accused of mocking the Lose You To Love Me singer on Instagram – after she had joked that she laminated her eyebrows too much. The 25-year-old uploaded a screenshot of a FaceTime call between herself and Hailey, where they had zoomed into their brows, leading many to connect the two incidents. Kylie quickly attempted to squash the claims, penning: ‘This is reaching. No shade towards Selena ever and I didn’t see her eyebrow posts! ‘U guys are making something out of nothing. This is silly [sic].’ Selena jumped in to share her support, writing: ‘Agreed @kyliejenner It’s all unnecessary. I’m a fan of Kylie!’ She later spotted an older video of Hailey appearing to shade best friend Taylor Swift and defended the Love Story singer in the comments below, adding: ‘So sorry, my best friend is and continues to be one of the best in the game.’ After fans picked up on the comment and flooded the model’s Instagram page with hateful messages, Selena announced that she would be taking a backseat from posting, and stepping away from social media. ‘I’m very happy, I’m so blessed. I have the best friends, the best fans in the whole world. I just couldn’t be happier,’ she said on TikTok. ‘I’m good. I love who I am, I don’t care, I’m good. ‘I’m going to be taking a second from social media, because this is a little silly. I’m 30, I’m too old for this. ‘But I love you guys so much and I will see you guys sooner than later. I’m just going to take a break from everything.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michael Douglas flashes Catherine Zeta-Jones as a forfeit during raunchy golf games: ‘I have to whip it out!’ MORE : Stephen Bear jailed for 21 months for sharing sex tape of him and ex  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 