Alan Carr has said he is in the midst of his ‘slaggy phase’ following his split from former husband Paul Drayton. The Chatty Man star split from Drayton after 13 years together last year. The pair announced the split in a joint statement in January 2022, saying that the decision between the former couple was reportedly made ‘jointly and amicably’. In the first episode of the latest series of his Life’s A Beach podcast, Carr, 46, spoke to Scissor Sisters’ Jake Shears, 44, about dating. When Shears revealed that he is single and dating, Carr asked ‘if he knows anyone’, adding that he is in his ‘slaggy stage’ following his divorce. ‘I want to be a slag, but to be a slag you need someone to be slaggy with,’ the comedian said. Carr then shared an anecdote in which he went on a trip to Sri Lanka with two couples while single, joking that paying to stay alone while on the holiday was like paying ‘an ugly tax’. Drayton and Carr famously tied the knot in LA back in 2018, with the comic’s best friend, singer Adele, becoming ordained so that she could marry the pair. A spokesperson for Carr said at the time: ‘Alan Carr married his long-term partner Paul Drayton at a small private ceremony in LA last week. ‘The couple are currently on honeymoon in Mexico and are planning a big celebration with all their family and friends back in the UK later this summer. They are both extremely happy.’ Following their split, Carr joked that he retained custody of their friendship with Adele. Appearing on 8 Out Of 10 Cats Does Countdown last year, the comedian used the mascot that he had chosen to represent his team with Harriet Kemsley to reference the split, as he showed off a teddy bear that had been sliced in half. ‘Well, do you know… I’ve gone through a really spiteful, messy divorce. My ex’s lawyer said take half of everything, look at that,’ he joked. ‘But not just that, household items. Look at that, half a kettle, half a toaster, half a fondue set. All the cheese goes all over the floor,’ he joked, revealing his broken props in the studio. ‘Obviously, people want to know about… we’ve divvied up our celebrity friends. ‘I get custody of Adele. Paul gets Gok [Wan] at the weekend.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Julia Fox goes braless in cheeky sheer dress as she serves up yet another outlandish outfit MORE : Downton Abbey’s Amy Nuttall all smiles after husband Andrew Buchan moves in with co-star Leila Farzad 