Ant Anstead is considering proposing to Renee Zellweger, it has been claimed. The pair started dating two years ago after meeting on the set of the car enthusiast’s show, Celebrity IOU: Joyride. Since then, they have made sure to keep much of their romance behind closed doors and only share rare glimpses with fans. However, it has been claimed that we could see the dad-of-three getting down on one knee soon, with an insider revealing how much he cares for the Bridget Jones icon. ‘Ant is very happy with Renee. He really loves her,’ a source said, explaining that he was leaning towards popping the question but ‘doesn’t want to rush things’. Ant and Renee have also prioritized his youngest son, who he shares with ex-wife Christina Hall, ensuring that Hudson is ‘happy and comfortable’. ‘They spend a lot of time at home. It’s a very normal relationship and both are committed long-term,’ the source continued to People Magazine, adding: ‘Renee has so many amazing qualities. ‘Ant loves that she is very private. She couldn’t care less about social media. ‘She has integrity and class. She’s kind of old school.’ Ant, who is also dad to Amelia and Archie from a previous relationship, first met Renee in 2021, and they made couple debut later that same year. ‘Renee and my relationship is something that’s really private,’ he previously told People Magazine of their bond. ‘It’s something I’m not really willing to talk too much about. It’s really early in our relationship and I don’t want to put any pressure on that.’ Despite remaining guarded over their time together, Ant couldn’t help but share a sweet message to his partner on Valentine’s Day. Taking to Instagram last month, he posted a snap as he offered daughter Amelia a kiss on the head. ‘I’m still an old romantic…,’ he penned at the time. ‘Happy valentines to those that are lucky to have a special partner in their life. ‘While today is reserved for Ren I’m lucky to have a second special lady I get to shower love on. ‘Love you my 19 year valentines @amelieanstead x [sic].’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Ant’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Clarkson’s Farm star in shock as fans raise tens of thousands for TB-hit farm MORE : Bette Midler, 77, reveals she’s had ‘some tailoring’ done to her face  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 