Fiona Bruce has said she is ‘deeply sorry’ after being accused of trivialising domestic violence during a discussion about Stanley Johnson on Question Time. The presenter, 58, faced an onslaught on social media after she intervened when the father of former prime minister Boris Johnson was described as a ‘wife-beater’ in Thursday’s episode of the BBC programme. Journalist and panel member Yasmin Alibhai-Brown had said the 82-year-old’s alleged history of violence was ‘on the record’. Bruce then interrupted and told Ms Alibhai-Brown and the audience: ‘I’m not disputing what you’re saying, but just so everyone knows what this is referring to, Stanley Johnson’s wife spoke to a journalist, Tom Bower, and she said that Stanley Johnson had broken her nose and that she’d ended up in hospital as a result. ‘Stanley Johnson has not commented publicly on that. Friends of his have said it did happen but it was a one-off.’ While the BBC defended Bruce following the controversy, several public figures, including the chief executive of the charity Women’s Aid, accused Ms Bruce of downplaying the gravity of domestic violence. A statement issued later on Friday by domestic abuse charity Refuge, for which Bruce is a long-standing ambassador, said she was ‘deeply upset that this has been triggering for survivors’. The charity said: ‘We have spoken to Fiona today, and she is appalled that any of her words have been understood as her minimising domestic violence. We know she is deeply upset that this has been triggering for survivors.’ They added: ‘Fiona is deeply sorry that last night’s programme has distressed survivors of domestic abuse. Refuge stands by her and all survivors today. ‘We continue to be appreciative of all the work Fiona does on behalf of Refuge and recognise the immense contribution she has made to our work to end domestic abuse and challenge violence against women and girls.’ Earlier today, the BBC insisted that Bruce was ‘not expressing any personal opinion about the situation’. A spokesperson for the corporation said in a statement: ‘Domestic abuse is abhorrent, and we would never wish to suggest otherwise. ‘When serious allegations are made on air against people or organisations, it is the job of BBC presenters to ensure that the context of those allegations – and any right of reply from the person or organisation – is given to the audience, and this is what Fiona Bruce was doing last night. ‘She was not expressing any personal opinion about the situation.’ Question Time airs Thursdays at 10.40pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 