Emily Ratajkowski has shared a powerful video of herself in labour with her son Sylvester to mark his second birthday. Emily gave birth to little Sylvester on March 8, 2021 and shares the toddler with her ex-husband Sebastian Bear-McClard. The runway star, 31, marked Sylvester’s second birthday this week by sharing a montage of photos and videos of herself and her son. In some, the doting mum was still pregnant with Sylvester while others showed him at different stages over the past 24 months. One part of the montage showed Emily sitting in a hospital bed with her head titled back while a nurse appeared to monitor the model’s vitals in the background. The seconds-long snippet of footage served as a powerful reminder of how incredible our bodies are. The fashion icon filed for divorce from producer Sebastian in September and was said to have noted that her filing was ‘contested’, meaning there were issues to be resolved before the couple could legally end their marriage. Emily’s post comes after she schooled the world on how to properly pronounce her name. In a clip shared on the Tory Burch TikTok page ahead of the fashion house’s NYFW show, Liana Satenstein asked the supermodel: ‘How do you pronounce your last name?’ ‘Rat-Ah-Kof-Ska,’ she replied, before saying: ‘Rat-Ah-Kof-Ski. Actually, if it’s feminine, it’s ‘Rat-Ah-Kof-Ska.’ This isn’t the first time that the mum-of-one has given instructions on how to pronounce her name, revealing that people rarely ‘get it right’. In fact, some have even suggested that Emily change her moniker – something she has no plans on doing. ‘The J is silent,’ she previously told Rolling Stone. ‘That’s the trick. Occasionally people get it right on the first try, just through random luck. ‘People have told me to change it over the years, but my dad is always saying, “Never change your name!” ‘My middle name is O’Hara, so it’s a pretty epic name. Emily O’Hara Ratajkowski.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Riverdale’s Cole Sprouse admits he and Lili Reinhart ‘damaged’ each other following split MORE : Is You season 4 the final series? 