Janey Godley apologised to audience members at a show in Glasgow on Sunday after she erupted into a choking fit on stage. The 61-year-old comedian announced she was suffering from terminal ovarian cancer in December. Spluttering on a sip of water, the star had to be saved from choking during her performance at the city’s SECC Armadillo venue. As she began seriously struggling to breath, the comedian’s daughter Ashley Storrie, 36, ran on stage to help her mother. Janey explained what had happened to her Twitter followers: ‘Just when I was choking and thought I was dying onstage my daughter ran on, banged my back- checked I was alive and improvised in front of 3000 people until I got my breath back and we carried on with the show – Honey made her stage debut tonight as well – what a night! #secc [sic]’. Also commenting on the scary incident, the star’s offspring uploaded a post of her own and shared a teary selfie with a caption expressing her thoughts in the moment. She penned: ‘Mum nearly choked to death on a sip of water, on stage, in front of thousands of people, I had to Pat her back, ascertain if she was dying and also take the mic and do funny bits while she learned to breathe again. I’m a f***ing wreck [sic].’ Janey is on her Not Dead Yet tour following the recent news that her ovarian cancer had returned and was in her abdomen, increasing her cancer markers. Despite the diagnosis, the comedian vowed to continue with her tour until the end of her life. First made aware she had the disease in in November 2021, the star had a hysterectomy in January 2022. The funny-woman – who found fame after her Nicola Sturgeon voiceover videos went viral in the lockdown – spoke about her diagnosis on Lorraine. She told the host: ‘Because of my cancer diagnosis this will be my last tour. I can’t wait to laugh and not talk about my blood count. ‘I didn’t know I had it until I was stage three. If you’re bloated, if you already feel full when you go to eat, if you’re weeing a lot, go and get checked. ‘It’s treatable, it’s not curable. It will keep coming back and I’ll keep having to fight it.’ MORE : Janey Godley ‘wants to go out with a bang’ as she opens up on chemotherapy for stage-three ovarian cancer MORE : Janey Godley flooded with support after admitting she was in tears on chemo ward at Christmas 