Jenna Ortega has recalled the moment she met Paul Mescal at the SAG Awards, admitting that she was ‘freaking out’ over the encounter. The 20-year-old has faced off serial killers in both Wednesday and in the Scream franchise so far, but revealed that chatting to the Normal People actor left her ‘nervous’. Lifting the lid on their meeting during an appearance on the Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon, she shared her anxiety before hitting the red carpet. ‘Going to award shows, the 30 minutes before is the most sick you’ll ever feel in your entire life,’ she told the host. ‘ ‘You’re so anxious, you’re so nervous. You’re with people you admire, like the SAG Awards, it was all of your peers, everyone who is part of SAG.’ ‘I had a really cool table. Zendaya, I feel like we’ve met and not met so many times, this time we were able to have a nice conversation. ‘I was kind of freaking out because she was sitting next to Paul Mescal, who I think is so talented and so good. ‘I was so nervous to meet him, and I knew he was going to be at my table. And I remember he introduced himself to me when I wasn’t expecting it.’ We need to get Jenna and Paul in a project together immediately. The screen icon is currently promoting the latest Scream sequel and preparing for her SNL hosting debut this weekend, before jumping right back into life as Wednesday for season two of the hit Netflix show. Although she has been proudly working flat out for years, Jenna revealed that she has been dreaming of taking a much-needed month off later this year. ‘There’s a month of this year that I want to take off, and I’ve made it very clear that I’m going to take this month off,’ she told Elle Magazine. ‘I’m going to travel, I just got a flip phone, I’m just going to be hidden for a while. ‘I have to work things around my schedule to make sure that that month stays open. There’s a part of it that’s stressful because it’s like, “Oh my God, can I tell this director that I don’t want to work these two weeks? Can I?” ‘I don’t know, but I am also making the rules.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joe Lycett throws back to iconic BBC politics show appearance as he nominates himself to replace Gary Lineker on Match of the Day MORE : BBC defends Fiona Bruce over backlash presenter ‘trivialised Stanley Johnson’s domestic abuse’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 