Eurovision 2023 is just months away, and with tickets finally up for grabs, the countdown is officially on. While the UK entry for the long-running competition has yet to be confirmed, many other details are, with presenters Alesha Dixon, Graham Norton and Hannah Waddingham announced as the hosts of Eurovision 2023’s Grand Final in the UK. Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra took the win last year, but was deemed unable to host, and with Sam Ryder coming in second, the UK have been handed the honour. Tickets are set to go on sale in just days, so here’s everything you need to know… The 2023 Eurovision grand final will take place on Saturday May 13, with the semi-finals being held on Tuesday May 9 and Thursday May 11. The grand final will take place at the 11,000-capacity Liverpool Arena, which has hosted performances by the likes of the 1975 and Lewis Capaldi. Tickets for those wanting to be a part of the nine live shows which make up the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 will go on sale at 12:00 (midday) GMT (13:00 CET) on Tuesday, March 7. The six previews and three televised shows give fans the opportunity to experience the magic of Eurovision as Liverpool Arena is set to become one of the world’s biggest TV studios. Tickets will only be available to purchase at www.ticketmaster.co.uk regardless of the country you are booking from, and you can only purchase tickets for one show at a time. In line with previous Eurovision Song Contests, tickets are priced from £30 to £290 for the Semi Final shows and from £80 to £380 for the Grand Final shows. You must have a Ticketmaster UK account to purchase tickets, and fans are encouraged to create their account in advance of Tuesday. Tickets for the Afternoon Previews are £30 to £80 for Semi Finals 1 & 2, and from £80 to £190 for the Grand Final. Tickets for the Evening Previews are £60 to £210 for Semi Finals 1 & 2, and £100 to £280 for the Grand Final. Tickets for the Live Televised Shows are £90 to £290 for Semi Finals 1 & 2, and from £160 to £380 for the Grand Final. Hopefuls can only buy tickets for one show at a time, and for the three live televised shows, you can only purchase a maximum of four tickets in one order.For the six preview shows, you can buy a maximum of six tickets per order. A total of 37 countries will be competing in this year’s contest, six of which are automatically qualified for the final. These six are last year’s winners Ukraine, along with the ‘Big 5’ – the main financiers of the contest – France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK. The other countries will compete in the semi-finals for a place in the grand final, with the top 10 from each semi-final qualifying. For the first time ever the semi-finals will be shown on BBC One, with the results being decided entirely by televote – although the UK will be able to vote in the second semi-final on May 11. The final will see a mix of jury votes and televotes combined to decide the eventual winner – who will have the honour of being the host country in 2024. The Eurovision Song Contest airs May 13 on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Graham Norton feared losing Eurovision presenting job ahead of 2023 competition MORE : Eurovision fans rage as protestor storms the stage during Swedish star Loreen’s Melodifestivalen performance 