A ‘game changer’ weight loss injection said to be popular among celebrities is set to be made available through the NHS in England for certain people living with obesity. The appetite suppressant Wegovy will be prescribed for adults with at least one weight-related condition and a body mass index (BMI) score of at least 35. The weight-related conditions that make obese people eligible include type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, high blood pressure, dyslipidaemia (unbalanced or unhealthy cholesterol levels), obstructive sleep apnoea and heart disease. In some cases, people with a BMI of 30 and over may be able to access the drug, which is taken via a pen injector. Wegovy, which works by making you feel fuller for longer, has been heralded as a ‘game-changer’ but has come with warnings that it is not a ‘quick fix’. Associate clinical professor at the University of Warwick, Dr Stephen Lawrence, said: ‘When used in accordance with the prescribed guidelines, it promotes weight loss in a safe and effective way for most people. ‘It is important to note, however, that this medication is not a quick fix or a replacement for following a healthy lifestyle, which includes regular physical activity and healthy eating. ‘It should therefore only be offered following assessment of the person taking the medication and as part of a programme to establish a healthy lifestyle.’ The weight loss treatment has been rumoured to be popular with celebrities, including Elon Musk who credited it for being in good shape last October. Wegovy was given the green light by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (Nice) for prescription last year. High Street pharmacies made the drug available in February, with some offering it through their online doctor services. The NHS in England is required to implement the Nice recommendations within three months of the product becoming commercially available. A previous study found that people who are given the drug, which comes as a weekly injection, saw their weight drop by 12% on average after 68 weeks. Nice guidance says people should only be given Wegovy on prescription as part of a specialist weight management service involving input from several professionals, and for a maximum of two years. It is to be used alongside a reduced-calorie diet and increased physical activity. Director of medicines evaluation at Nice, Helen Knight, said: ‘It won’t be available to everyone. Our committee has made specific recommendations to ensure it remains value for money for the taxpayer, and it can only be used for a maximum of two years.’ Patients who use the drug will inject themselves weekly, which suppresses the appetite through mimicking the hormone glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) that is released after eating. This makes people feel full, meaning they eat less and lose weight. Wegovy, also called semaglutide, is made by pharmaceutical company Novo Nordisk. Its most common side effects are nausea and diarrhoea – but a study published in the New England Journal of Medicine said these were ‘typically transient and mild-to-moderate in severity and subsided with time’. Some are not happy about the drug, with eating disorder charity Beat raising concerns about its impact on people struggling with body image issues. The organisation said: ‘Weight-loss medications like semaglutide can be extremely attractive to people with eating disorders as they appear to provide quick results. ‘However, these medications can be very dangerous as they can worsen harmful thoughts and behaviours for those unwell or contribute to an eating disorder developing for someone who is already vulnerable.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.