The family of Chris Kaba has said they are still waiting on answers as to why their son was shot dead by a police officer six months after he died. The 24-year-old, who was unarmed, was shot by police on September 5. He died in Streatham Hill, south London, after being followed by an unmarked police car that had no lights or sirens turned on. After his Audi drove down Kirkstall Gardens he was blocked by a marked police vehicle and there was ‘contact’ between the two cars, the court heard. It is believed the Audi Chris was driving was linked to a firearms incident that had taken place the previous day. An automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) marker had been placed upon it. A police marksman then fired a single shot through the windscreen, hitting Mr Kaba in the head. Following his death there were vigils and thousands of people protested across London against the treatment of black people by police. Now six months on his family are still demanding answers as to why Chris was shot. They previously said ‘they would not rest’ until someone was held accountable for his death. His mother, Helen Lumuanganu and other members including his cousin Jefferson Bosela, have spoken out about the lack of accountability in the police in the past. Since his death, Chris’s family have called for three main updates from police, but have been disappointed and said ‘for a grieving family this is too long’. The family had three requests following his death, and these included that the officer who pulled the trigger to kill Chris be interviewed under caution. This is believed to have now taken place. They also wanted an urgent decision on whether the officer/s involved will be charged with murder, manslaughter, or other charges. The family still awaits a decision from the IOPC on whether they will seek advice on criminal charges from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), it is undersrood. They hoped for ‘regular meaningful updates on the investigation’ and while the family has received updates, they said these have not been sufficiently frequent or meaningful. A report published last month by charity Inquest found that families of Black people who have died following police contact in recent years were unable to get accountability for racism from a system that is not ‘fit for purpose’. This case is said to be an opportunity for these agencies to demonstrate change. In a joint statement, the family of Chris Kaba said: ‘For the past six months our primary questions as a family have been: why did this happen and who will be held accountable? ‘We were told that we would have to wait six to nine months before these questions could begin to be answered. For a grieving family, already that was too long. We are still waiting. ‘The police watchdog have had enough time to gather evidence and take steps towards seeking CPS advice on criminal charges for those involved in Chris’ death. Yet we are still waiting. #As a family we urge the IOPC to take immediate action to progress advice on criminal charges, and the Crown Prosecution Service to provide this advice without any further delay. ‘We must never accept a young unarmed Black man being shot by police on the streets of London as normal. This should never have happened. It must never happen again. ‘Chris was so loved by our family and all his friends. He had a bright future ahead of him before his life was cut short. Alongside the community of supporters standing with us, our family cannot wait any longer.’ Helen, Chris’s mother added: ‘We have waited for six months already for the decision. We don’t want to wait for another six months. This, for us, is a painful reminder of something that will never change. Enough is enough.’ Lucy McKay, spokesperson for INQUEST, said: ‘There has rightly been significant public concern about the circumstances of Chris Kaba’s death. ‘This is both in relation to his death specifically and as part of the broader unacceptable pattern of disproportionate fatal use of force by police against Black men. INQUEST has found that the systems of investigation are failing to hold police officers and forces to account for deaths and failing to examine the role of racism. The police watchdog and Crown Prosecution Service must demonstrate change by urgently progressing this investigation and making charging decisions on the officers involved in Chris’ death.’ Daniel Machover of Hickman & Rose, who represent the family, said: ‘If a member of the public is killed by another member of the public who is known to the police on the day of the death, it would rightly be considered outrageous for the bereaved family to be waiting for more than five months for the criminal investigation to be completed. ‘The IOPC is failing this family and the wider public by failing to complete its criminal investigation promptly.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.