The killer in the Hamburg massacre which killed seven people this week has been named. According to German outlet Der Spiegel, the shooter was a 35-year-old man named Philipp F who claims to be a business consultant. F is believed to be a former member of the religious community who had ‘ill-feelings’ towards Jehova’s Witnesses after leaving the organisation, police said in a briefing. Thomas Radszuweit, a Hamburg security official, said the suspected shooter was not previously known to authorities and there was no previous case against him. Police say the perpetrator shot himself inside the Jehovah’s Witnesses hall after officers forced their way into the building, interrupting his shooting spree and potentially saving the lives of many more. Afte gaining entry to the building the suspect fled to the first floor, where he was pursued by officers before taking his own life. Eight people died in the incident, including the attacker. The victims were four men, two women and an unborn baby still in its mother’s womb. There had been 50 people in the congregation at the time. Hamburg police chief Ralf Martin Meyer said the suspected shooter had a weapons license and legally owned a semi-automatic pistol. Although he passed all the legal checks required to own the firearm, authorities recieved an anonymous report in Jan 2023 which suggested F may have an undiagnosed mental illness and should be investigated. However, a spot check by police revealed no irregularities and he was allowed to keep his firearm. Police also said that befoire entering the building, he shot 10 times at a woman in a neaby car, who miraculously managed to escape unscathed. Mr Grote called it an ‘horrific crime’. He said it was ‘something we’ve not experienced in the past – we see it on TV, we see it elsewhere, we’ve never seen it happen in our city’. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, a former mayor of Hamburg, described the shooting as ‘a brutal act of violence.’ On his personal website, F states he grew up in Kempten in the Allgäu region in a strictly religious family, and trained as a bank clerk after leaving school. He later settled in Hamburg and began working as a business consultant, charging an astronomical daily rate for his services. F. wrote that ‘since it is usually advisable to see things in a larger context, my minimum daily rate is 250,000 euros plus 19 percent VAT’. He justified his exorbiant fees by claiming to generate millions of Euros in revenue for his clients. Student Laura Bauch, who lives nearby, said there were around four periods of shooting, German news agency DPA reported. ‘There were always several shots in these periods, roughly at intervals of 20 seconds to a minute,’ she said. Gregor Miesbach, who filmed the gunman shooting through a first-floor window, told the Bild newspaper: ‘I didn’t realise what was happening. I was filming with my phone, and only realised through the zoom that someone was shooting at Jehovah’s Witness. ‘I heard loud gunshots… I saw a man with a firearm shooting through a window and filmed it,’ he said. The Jehovah’s Witnesses in Germany said in a statement: ‘The religious community is deeply saddened by the horrific attack on its members at the Kingdom Hall in Hamburg after a religious service.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.