A pedestrian who shouted at a cyclist to stop riding on the pavement moments before she was killed by a car has been jailed for manslaughter. Auriol Grey, 49, gestured in a hostile and aggressive way towards retired midwife, Celia Ward, 77, telling her to ‘get off the f**king pavement’. Seconds later Celia fell off her bike into the road where she was hit by a VW Passat that was unable to stop in time, killing her at the scene. Prosecutor Simon Spence KC told jurors the two women were heading in opposite directions on the pavement of the ring road in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire. In her police interview, Grey, who has cerebral palsy, told officers she was partially sighted and described the bicycle as travelling fast in the centre of the pavement. She said she was ‘anxious that I was going to get hit by it’, adding she ‘may have unintentionally put’ out her hand to protect herself. While it is illegal to cycle on the pavement, the court heard police were unable to ‘categorically’ confirm whether the pavement was a shared cycleway. However, in sentencing, the judge noted that this was a ‘shared path’ for cyclists and pedestrians. ‘I am sure you knew cyclists used the path, and were not taken by surprise,’ he said. Following Grey’s conviction, Detective Sergeant Mark Dollard said: ‘This is a difficult and tragic case. ‘Everyone will have their own views on cyclists, pavements and cycleways but what is clear is Auriol Grey’s response to the presence of Celia on a pedal cycle was totally disproportionate and ultimately found to be unlawful, resulting in Celia’s untimely and needless death. ‘I am pleased with the verdict and hope it is a stark reminder to all road users to take care and be considerate to each other. ‘I want to take the time to acknowledge Celia’s family and thank them for their patience and dignity throughout the entirety of the investigation and trial.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.