Boy George’s mother Dinah O’Dowd died aged 84 on Monday. The legendary singer’s representatives confirmed the sad news, revealing that he is ‘devastated’ by the loss, according to MailOnline. They also revealed Dinah was surrounded by family – including George – and that they ask for privacy at this time. Close friend to the star, DJ Fat Tony, paid tribute to O’Dowd on Instagram following her death. He penned: ‘God bless you you amazing woman Dinah ….my heart goes out to @boygeorgeofficial and the entire O Dowd family what an incredible beautiful strong woman we will miss you x’ [sic]’. The singer’s mum’s death came after she was hospitalised in April 2020 with ‘heart or lung problems’. He told Lorraine of his mother’s condition at the time: ‘My mum’s good, she’s back home now. She was in hospital for two days, luckily it was not Corona related so that’s good. ‘And it wasn’t what we initially thought so everything about it was just getting her home from the hospital because obviously with everything that’s going on, my mum’s 82 so it’s not the best place for her to be. ‘I managed to speak to her on the phone, which was really funny. There was this really beautiful moment where this nurse was singing to mum, and my mum said: “I can’t hear you, take your mask off!”’. The former I’m A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here contestant, 61, pleaded with fans in the past to pray for his ‘beautiful mother’ after doctors declared they ‘won’t resuscitate if things go wrong’. Taking to Twitter on Thursday, the musical star – real name George O’Dowd – wrote: ‘My beautiful mum is in the Queen Elizabeth hospital in Woolwich. ‘A problem with her heart or lungs. She’s stable but they have said they won’t resuscitate her if things go wrong? Apparently, it won’t work? How can they know. Please pray! @LG_NHS.’ Boy George has four brothers and one sister. His father Jeremiah died in 2003 but the star has previously spoken out about his mother and father’s abuse relationship. Metro.co.uk contacted Boy George’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Boy George complains over portrayal on I’m A Celebrity and insists reality ‘wasn’t shown’ MORE : Boy George claims he’s ‘removed any real hatred’ towards ex-Culture Club drummer Jon Moss as million-pound court battle continues 