Two ‘honeytrap’ killers seduced and drugged a man with a ‘date rape’ drug before calling two men to kill him. Saul Murray, 33, died during a robbery-gone-wrong after he met two women at his flat. He had been targeted by Surpreet Dhillon, 36, and Temidayo Awe, 21 after he had posted pictures of his two Rolex watches on Instagram. The women gave him the sedative GHB – known as the ‘date rape’ drug – after engaging in sexual activity with him. A court heard Dhillon seduced Mr Murray online, and then visited him at his flat in Luton with Awe. However, the drug failed to knock the dad-of-six out, and Ikem Affia, 31 and Cleon Brown, 29 then arrived at the home to rob and ultimately kill their victim. Mr Murray’s body was discovered with stab wounds at his flat on February 27 last year but nothing could be done to save him. Police were able to later identify the killer Affia by a high-end limited-edition designer Moncler coat he was wearing. He was spotted on CCTV wearing the distinctive jacket in KFC two days prior to the attack. The £1350 puffer coat was one of just 69 sold in the UK, allowing the police to trace the item’s delivery to Affia’s partner. Later, the gang were seen on CCTV leaving the property, and Affia was carrying a large knife as he left the building. Police also used vehicle telematics from the Mercedes hired by the gang – placing the car at the scene of the crime and at Affia’s home address. Brown was seen on CCTV using a vacuum cleaner at a petrol station to clean the car after the attack had taken place. It was also revealed in court that the Rolex watches were in fact fake and that there were no expensive items in Murray’s flat. A jury found Affia, of Hackney, London, guilty of murder following a trial at Luton Crown Court. Dhillon, of Stratford, London, Brown, 29, of South Hackney, London, and Awe, of Gillingham, Kent, were convicted of manslaughter. Affia was jailed for life to serve a minimum of 25 years and was also sentenced to 14 years for conspiracy to commit robbery to run concurrently. Brown was sentenced to 11 years, Dhillon was caged for to 10 years and Temidayo Awe was imprisoned for seven years. Detective Inspector Dale Mepstead, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: ‘This was clearly a planned attack; facilitated by Dhillon and Awe and carried out by Affia and Brown. ‘It’s obvious from the way the two women used a sedative substance on Mr Murray and the fact Affia was armed with a knife that they were prepared to get what they wanted at any cost – which sadly was Mr Murray’s life. ‘This was a very lengthy and complex investigation, which involved scrutinising hours of CCTV, phone data, vehicle telematics and other evidence to place each of them at Mr Murray’s flat at the time of the offence. ‘I hope that the knowledge that all four people involved in this horrific incident will be locked up for a very long time can bring some justice to Saul’s loved ones.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.