Boris Johnson says he ‘believed implicitly’ that he was following Covid rules when he held gatherings in Downing St during lockdown. Addressing a committee of MPs over claims he misled parliament about partygate, the former PM says it would have been ‘obvious’ if rules were being broken around him at Downing Street gatherings. Mr Johnson said that ‘after 10 months of effort and sifting’ the privileges committee has found “absolutely no evidence” to suggest otherwise. He said there’s ‘absolutely nothing’ to show that any of his advisers or other civil servants had warned that the events would be in breach of COVID rules. ‘That definitely is a pretty astonishing gap given the huge amount of stuff that they have,’ he said. ‘Frankly, not all the testimony they have comes from people who are necessarily on my side.’ Mr Johnson suggested that ‘the reason there’s no evidence’ to show that he believed illegal events took place were because he ‘thought we were fighting COVID to the best of our ability in very difficult circumstances’. When questioned on photographs in the committee’s report which show Mr Johnson in rooms with people who were not socially distancing, he reiterated that he believed no rules were broken. ‘You’ve got to remember what it’s like being prime minister,’ he says. ‘You do what your civil servants advise you to do. ‘You move from one event to the next…[you have] a massively regimented diary. There were a number of events, as everybody knows, where I went very briefly to say thank you to staff and that kind of thing. Mr Johnson also suggested that Sue Gray, who led an earlier civil service report into partygate and has just been appointed as Sir Keir Starmer’s new chief of staff, had a ‘political axe to grind’ against him. ‘I am sure that people may want to draw their own conclusions about the confidence they can place in the motives behind her, and the way she conducted her inquiry and in her report,’ he said. ‘I think people may look at it in a different light. ‘If you told me at the time I commissioned Sue Gray to do the inquiry, if you told me all the stuff that I now know, I think I might have cross-examined her more closely about her independence. ‘I might have invited her to reflect on whether she was really the right person to do it.’ The parliamentary Privileges Committee, who are investigating the allegations, issued an update today on their inquiry ahead of Mr Johnson giving oral evidence in public on the week of March 20. The group, whose inquiries are being led by Labour MP Harriet Harman, said: ‘The evidence strongly suggests that breaches of guidance would have been obvious to Mr Johnson at the time he was at the gatherings.’ The committee also quoted two WhatsApp messages they say show ‘evidence that those who were advising Mr Johnson about what to say to the press and in the House were themselves struggling to contend that some gatherings were within the rules.’ Keir Starmer has responded to Johnson’s remarks by claiming that evidence of the former PMs wrongdoing is ‘already pretty damning,’ and urged Rishi Sunak to ensure that the COVID inquiry moves forward quickly. ‘I think first and foremost of the families, not just those that lost loved ones, but also all the other families who were obeying the rules, changing their lives, whilst those in government were not even following their own rules,’ the Labour leader said. ‘I think that having been sitting on his hands through that, Rishi Sunak, who also of course got fined in this process, is under a very heavy obligation now to ensure that we move forward as fast as we can with the COVID inquiry and that he absolutely acts on any recommendations that come in the interim.’ When pressed about his appointment of Ms Gray, whose report into Partygate formed the backbone of the intial inquiry, Starmer said he was ‘delighted’ she wanted to join his staff. ‘I’m delighted that respected professional individuals want to be part of what we’re doing in the Labour Party,’ he said. ‘I’m very well aware we’ve got to earn every vote going into the election, but we won’t be forgiven if we’re not prepared for government.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.