Darren Till has been released from the UFC, insisting it was his own decision having vowed to return in the future. The 30-year-old enjoyed a superb rise to the summit of MMA 2018 but has been unable to shake a disappointing losing streak which has seen him lose his last three fights and five of his last six in total. That form has seen him slip out of middleweight title contention and on Tuesday, he was removed from the division’s rankings, sparking speculation over his future with the promotion. While he has confirmed his release, Till insists the decision to remove him from the rankings was a mutual one and insists he remains part of the UFC’s future plans. ‘Me, Dana [White] & Hunter [Cambpell, UFC CEO] are still cool as f**k,’ Till wrote on Twitter on Wednesday morning. ‘I asked UFC to remove me just to sort some other shit for the foreseeable. They happily agreed to release me out of contract which I appreciate. I’m not going anywhere, got big plans to execute & I’ll be back.’ Till joined UFC in 2015, beating Donald Cerrone and Stephen Thompson to earn himself a shot at long-reigning welterweight champion Tyron Woodley in May 2018 only to suffer a submission defeat on his biggest night. Till sought to bounce back at UFC London in March the following year only to suffer a shock defeat against Jorge Masvidal in the capital, knocked out cold in the second round with Masvidal’s career taking off as a result. Returning to middleweight against Kelvin Gastelum in November 2019, the Liverpudlian returned to winning ways but next came up short in a thriller with Robert Whittaker, dropping a split decision. Seeking to get back on track against Derek Brunson in September 2021, Till’s plans were derailed as he was submitted again. It was later revealed he had suffered an ACL injury 10 weeks before the fight. After a 14-month absence, Till returned to the octagon last December against Dricus du Plessis only to submit once again. After that defeat, Till admitted that he needed to take time out of the cage. “You don’t always get what you want in this life, it’s tough,” he said. ‘I’m 29 now, I’ve been at the top of the sport since 2017, and I entered in the UFC in 2015. I’m doing this video now because I feel like it’s the right time. ‘I’m not retiring, this is not a retirement speech. I’m 29, that would be stupid to retire’ he said. ‘But I’m on a bit of a losing skid at the moment, I’m not finding my right ways and stuff like that. It’s crazy because when I’m in the gym and I’m sparring with the best guys in the world, I’m in my element and when I step into the Octagon, I can’t seem to put things together.’ MORE : Islam Makhachev declares himself best fighter on the planet after Alexander Volkanovski win at UFC 284 MORE : ‘My training was on the frontline’ – Yaroslav Amosov back from fighting Russia in Ukraine to defend the world title he retrieved from the rubble For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 