Tessa Thompson has shared an insight into the preparation she and co-star Michael B Jordan underwent for Creed III. Tessa, 39, and 36-year-old Michael went all out for their characters, who are called Bianca and Adonis Creed respectively. The Marvel star revealed in a new interview that they even went to couple’s therapy while in character, noting the line between ‘character and us’ got blurred. ‘I’ll say it was an early experience in couples therapy for us both [personally], but it was as these characters, which is very weird,’ Tessa explained this week. ‘I think it reminded us of our own personal lives that going to therapy, even when a relationship is good, can be a good thing if you’re trying to just sharpen communication and figure out how someone works. ‘It’s useful in so many relationships,’ she added to Refinery29, also saying that although she and Michael were in character, they also ‘reflected on their own relationships’. The third Creed movie is the ninth overall in the Rocky franchise, and this time sees Creed face off against an old friend-turned foe, Damian ‘Dame’ Anderson, played by Jonathan Majors, after he resurfaces following a lengthy prison sentence. After attending the films European premiere in London earlier this week Tessa and Jonathan appeared The One Show to speak about the movie, and the former revealed the cast learnt sign language for deaf actress Mila Davis-Kent. Tessa, whose character Bianca shares a daughter with husband Creed, touched upon the fact their child is all grown up in the latest instalment of the franchise. Born deaf in the previous movie, Amara is played by Mila in her first major acting role. The nine-year-old actress is deaf herself too. Speaking about working with the young talent, Tessa said Mila was a ‘dream’ to work with, and that the cast learnt sign language for the movie and to communicate with her too. ‘She is just remarkable, and I cannot wait for the world to meet her via this movie and also the kind of amazing representation that we just haven’t seen in film before,’ she said. After Tessa shared that they learnt sign language, Jonathan jumped in and joked that he had ‘tried the best’ he could. However, Tessa praised his efforts and said: ‘We learnt some things and you did pretty well.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers turn on Rosie Seabrook for ‘lying’ about Ron Hall’s advice: ‘She does know this is on camera right?’ MORE : Emmerdale spoilers: Surprise romance confirmed for Belle and Vinny after dead Liv realisation?  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 