This is Vladimir Putin’s secret forest hideaway where he spends time with his partner and their children, according to an investigation. Next to Lake Valdayskoye – halfway between Moscow and St Petersburg – is where the Russian president and Alina Kabaeva live like royalties, away from the troubles of ordinary people, it is claimed. Shrouded in mystery, the dacha was kept firmly under the radar until 2021, when anti-corruption activists exposed it. A new investigation by Proekt reveals what the luxury mansion looks like from the inside. After coming into power in 2,000, Putin ordered the build, which would be styled ‘like St Petersburg’, meaning lavish like the Russian tsars. There, he spent time with his wife and first lady Lyudmila Ocheretnaya until their divorce in 2013. ‘But he never stopped loving Valdai,’ a report from Proekt reads. ‘It was here – at first, apparently, in the same “golden” house – that he brought his new mistress. ‘He later built a new wooden mansion for Kabaeva and her children. It is located about 800 metres from the “golden” house. Construction of the house began in 2020.’ According to Proekt, a boat dock was built near Kabaeva’s own house from where a small canal leads to a palace park laid out on a 28-hectare plot. Meanwhile, a spa complex located about the same distance from the two houses boasts a solarium, a cryo chamber, a 25-metre pool, a hammam, a sauna, a mud room, massage baths, cosmetology and dentistry areas. There, the former Olympian gymnast has a retinue of ‘chaperones’ who care for all her needs, ensuring she maintains the life of royalty. Some of them are her own relatives who earn vast sums in companies owned by Putin’s crony oligarchs. ‘Comparing Kabaeva to a medieval ruler is absolutely appropriate,’ the report adds. This is also where Putin and Kabaeva’s underage children are being hidden, Proekt alleges. There have been rumours that the two, share either two or three children, yet they have never been revealed to Russian voters, nor do they publicly admit to being a couple. The investigation reveals there is a ‘constant presence of children’ at the property. ‘In the summers of 2020 and 2021, a small karting track was set up on the site of the former helipads, the report said. ‘And right next to the residence, a large children’s playground in yellow and blue was erected deep in the woods between 2016 and 2020.’ The wealth and property empire allegedly accrued by Putin has never been made public, but it is believed to be vast. Among Kabaeva’s properties is reported to be the penthouse in the Royal Park residential complex in Sochi. It is considered to be the ‘largest apartment’ in entire Russia, often described as ‘the brightest diamond in a necklace of real estate’. The 2,600 sq. m. apartment boasts a swimming pool, a movie theatre, a patio and its own helipad on the roof. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.