Peter Kay is the gift that keeps on giving as, amid his exciting year of stand-up shows, he’s now set to release a new memoir. The beloved comedian returned to the stage late last year for the first time in 12 years, with his tour travelling across the UK and including a monthly residency at London’s O2 Arena. He’s now shared even more brilliant news for fans to coincide with World Book Day on Thursday, announcing the release of his new book TV: Big Adventures on the Small Screen. A tweet on the book’s publisher’s account read: ‘Peter’s hilarious new book will be his first memoir in 14 years and follows his lifelong obsession with watching and working in television.’ It’s expected to chart 40 years of television, ‘from tea-making in Granada, to behind the scenes on Phoenix Nights, Max and Paddy and his Bafta-winning turn as John Redmond in Car Share’. The 49-year-old comic also said in a statement: ‘I’d wanted for years to write about my obsession for TV and working in it. ‘It’s been such a massive pleasure recalling the adventures I’ve had over the last 25 years both in front and behind the camera, and I hope people will enjoy reading about the journey as much as I’ve enjoyed writing it.’ Released this September, the memoir promises to offer an ‘incredible jaunt’ through the years. Peter’s last memoir, The Sound of Laughter, was released in 2007 and is still the top-selling hardback autobiography in history in the UK. The Amarillo singer kicked off his residency at the O2 Arena in December, and will continue performing the monthly series all the way through until April 2025 making him the first artist to do so at the venue. By the end of his run, Peter will have broken the record for the most shows played at the O2 arena by an artist, with an impressive 44 shows at the venue to his name, surpassing previous record-holders Take That who have performed 34 shows. In December, he donated £14,000 to a children’s charity to represent every ticket sold at his first O2 show. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lorraine Kelly backs Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s exit from Frogmore Cottage MORE : Maya Jama sizzles in plunging orange gown as killer dress once again sends Love Island fans wild (and here’s where you can get her look) 