Matthew Hayden accused Rohit Sharma of being ‘a little bit of complacent and arrogant’ after his dismissal during India’s collapse on day one of the third Test against Australia. India captain Rohit failed to take advantage of two DRS reprieves before being stumped off five-wicket hero Matthew Kuhnemann for 12. The hosts, already 2-0 up in the four-match series, were 27 without loss but Rohit’s departure sparked a collapse in which India lost 10 wickets for 82 runs. In response to India’s 109 all out, Australia reached 156-4 by the close of day one, leading by 47 runs thanks to Usman Khawaja’s 60 and contributions from Marnus Labuschagne (31) and Steve Smith (26). Former Australia opener Hayden believes there was a hint of ‘complacency and arrogance’ in Rohit’s innings, with India already retaining the Border-Gavaskar Trophy with emphatic wins in Nagpur and Delhi. ‘I think there are some forgettable shots, no doubt about it,’ Hayden said on Star Sports. ‘Rohit Sharma – and I’ve always said this about Test match cricket – the captain leads from the front. ‘So that dismissal is something he will look back and think – Maybe I was a little lazy, maybe I was a little apprehensive. ‘Winning the toss, you want to make a big impression, want to enforce that dominance onto Australia, who are depleted. They don’t have their captain, they don’t have David Warner. ‘Lots to lose for them, including not being in that Test Championship [final]. I think [there was] maybe a little bit of complacency mixed with a little bit of arrogancy as well.’ After having Rohit stumped, Kuhnemann – who made his Test debut in the second match of the series – dismissed opener Shubman Gill before taking care of India’s tail to finish with figures of 5-16 from nine overs. ‘I could live here and play the rest of my career here, this is awesome,’ he joked in a press conference at the end of play. ‘We just talked about bowling the same ball, owning my space. ‘Nathan Lyon was excellent out there. Even after a couple of wickets he said “don’t get ahead of yourself, just think about bowling that ball”. ‘He was great for me, at mid-off most of the day. Not every day you get these wickets like so enjoy them, it’s very different to what we get back home in Australia.’ While India found the Indore pitch almost impossible to bat on, Australia were able to grind out a not insignificant lead with six first-innings wickets remaining. Ravindra Jadeja dismissed Travis Head with just his fourth ball of the match – his first of four scalps – but Khawaja and Labuschagne put on 98 to frustrate the hosts. India batting coach Vikram Rathour said: ‘It did more than we expected. To give credit to Australia they bowled really well. They bowled very good areas today. ‘Of course you can collapse as a batting unit at times, but the thing is that we do prefer to play on turning tracks because I think that is our strength, that is where we are really good as a team. ‘How much that wicket turned, to be fair, the earlier two wickets I don’t think they were bad wickets by any standard, they were wickets which turned, which we prefer. ‘Today it was drier than we expected and we saw that it did more. First day of a Test match it did a lot more than we expected.’ MORE : Steve Harmison urges England captain Ben Stokes to skip IPL with Ashes in mind MORE : Brendon McCullum reveals how England players reacted to dramatic New Zealand defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 