Presenter Pat Sharp has issued an apology after making an inappropriate joke at an awards show last week. The former Fun House presenter hosted the Conference News Agency Awards last Friday, and is said to have made a joke about a woman’s breasts while on-stage. Sharp, 61, was already due to leave his job at Greatest Hits Radio at the end of March, however, due to the backlash, he has stepped down with immediate effect. Addressing the incident in a statement, the presenter said: ‘Last Friday, I made a joke on stage which was not well received. I upset one individual in particular and for that I am truly sorry. ‘I apologised at the event to anyone who was offended and I have apologised to the individual personally too.’ According to the Mail Online, Sharp gave the woman – who Metro.co.uk is not naming – a T-shirt with his face on and quipped: ‘That’s the only way I’ll get on your t***s today.’ She later wrote about her experience online and reportedly said: ‘Yesterday I was publicly humiliated, in a sexual nature, by the celebrity host of an industry event, on stage in front of 400 of my colleagues and peers. ‘Afterwards I was in complete shock and hadn’t really processed what happened. Today I am struggling with it — I feel sad, dirty and, frankly, violated. ‘I have worked incredibly hard to earn my reputation and hopefully be an inspiration to other young women in the events industry.’ The woman added: ‘Yesterday however, I was belittled, sexualised and objectified in front of hundreds of people I respect.’ Mash Media, the company which organised the awards, said in a statement shared with Deadline: ‘Conference News disavows the statement made by Pat Sharp, it was unscripted and does not represent the ideals that we want to promote as a business. ‘We’re doing our part to support the affected delegate in the aftermath and have requested both a public and private apology from Sharp.’ Bauer Media Group, which broadcasts Greatest Hits Radio, explained that Sharp was already set to be replaced on his weekend show by Mark Goodier from April 8, after four years at the station. They said after the incident: ‘Due to the introduction of new weekend programming, a decision had already been made not to renew Pat’s contract which comes to an end later this month. ‘However, with this issue now having been brought to our attention, we have agreed with Pat that he will not return to the station with immediate effect.’ Gary Stein, group program director of Hits Radio, added: ‘We will be saying goodbye to Pat Sharp who is leaving us to explore other opportunities and we wish him well.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Sharp’s reps for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 