It’s clear that the Crufts judges take their job very seriously after This Morning’s resident vet Doctor Scott Miller got into hot water while filming a segment at the dog show. Running this weekend in Birmingham, the annual event has attracted thousands of dogs competing for the world-class title of Crufts Best in Show. The biggest dog show in the world is being held at the NEC, where Dr Scott met with some of the competitors and their owners. Checking out the latest must have dog treats and gadgets, he described the event as a ‘wonderful place to be’. However, at one point he got into a bit of trouble after walking onto the green as a competition was being judged. ‘Oh, oh we are getting in a bit of trouble now,’ he said while chatting to one of the owners, while Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield watched on from the studio. ‘We are at Crufts after all…oh no we are getting into a bit of trouble,’ Dr Scott added. He could then be heard apologising. Later explaining just what had happened, Dr Scott said he probably should have been a bit more careful, but Holly and Phil said the judge seemed a bit prickly. ‘If you don’t walk on the green like me you will have a wonderful time,’ Dr Scott said. But Phil then added: ‘Oh is what it is was- you were walking on the green. Oh he [a judge] was the grumpy bloke then.’ After Dr Scott joked that he thought he was ‘going to be arrested’, Phil then labelled the man ‘grumpy’. However Holly then warned the vet to ‘behave’ and not risk getting on the wrong side of the green. ‘If only everyone loved you at Crufts like those dogs,’ she joked. Earlier in the segment, Dr Scott faced some other troubles when some of the dogs wouldn’t play ball and had absolutely no interest in performing for the cameras. Some played along, others did their best to run away, and some of the dogs didn’t want to try out any of the gadgets and instead tried to wrestle away from their owners. To mark the occasion, Holly also brought her dog Bailey into the studio for the show, however her beloved Golden Retriever seemed more interested in relaxing, spotted sleeping at the couch at some points. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Why hello Jill’ This Morning moment happened five years ago today and we’re still eternally grateful for Ainsley Harriott MORE : Gok Wan gives cryptic response when asked if he misses Eamonn Holmes on This Morning 