Lauryn Goodman announced that she’s pregnant with her second child on Monday. The model is already doting mum to two-year-old Kairo, who she shares with England footballer Kyle Walker. Announcing the news on Instagram, Lauryn posted a heart-melting photo of herself enjoying a beach day with little Kairo while showing off her bump in a bikini. Lauryn, who has kept quiet about the dad’s identity, captioned her snap: ‘FYI…It’s a BABY. Family completed 2023.’ The soon-to-be mum-of-two’s famous pals were quick to send well wishes, with TOWIE’s Lauren Goodger writing: ‘Lauryn?!! Wow congratulations my girl.’ Rebekah Vardy left a string of heart emojis while Nicola McLean simply penned: ‘Congratulations’ and Ex On The Beach’s Melissa Reeves raved: ‘So happy for you, Kairo is going to make the best big brother.’ Lauryn and Manchester City defender Kyle had a brief romantic relationship in 2019. They welcomed Kairo the following year and Lauryn couldn’t help but gush over her new little bundle of joy. At the time, Lauryn said she ‘kept crying’ with happiness and also hinted that the birth had been a difficult one. In a photo shared on Instagram, the new mum gazed adoringly at her little lad, who she described as a ‘miracle baby’. Lauryn said: ‘This has truly been the biggest blessing and I keep crying just thinking I can’t believe I’ve made you and you are here. ‘I find myself just staring in awe thinking I have made this little special human. You have defied all odds and you are the best thing to have ever happened to me. Words can’t describe the love I feel for you already. ‘My #endo baby – you have been so strong and I cannot wait to start this journey with you.’ Lauryn went on: ‘There is a bit of a story labour wise and after my labour that I do want to share with you all, as I feel it’s so important to be open and honest because my platform can help others. ‘But for now, I just wanted to share this moment with you all as you have been so amazing with your advice and messages! My little bed buddy – Welcome to this crazy [world].’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Keanu Reeves recoils at the thought of anyone playing him in a biopic: ‘It’s too soon’ MORE : Lewis Capaldi issues ‘devastating’ announcement following visit to voice specialist 