A Canadian woman’s boyfriend is being held by Mexican police after she was found dead at a resort. Kiara Agnew, 23, was found dead in her hotel room at the Grand Sunset Princess Resort in Playa del Carmen on March 3. Her boyfriend, Ryan Friesen, 26, was detained by police in Solidaridad Municipality the same day. Friesen was taken into custody ‘after a lifeless woman was found with possible marks of violence in a hotel located in the Xcalacoco neighborhood,’ the police stated on Twitter. The State Attorney General’s Office in Quintana Roo confirmed that they were holding a foreign national for the ‘probable participation’ in Agnew’s murder. Agnew and Friesen arrived at the hotel just a day before her death. They were planning to stay for Agnew’s upcoming birthday. Agnew grew up in Plaster Rock, New Brunswick before moving across the country to Dawson Creek, British Columbia. ‘The last thing I said to her was to be safe,’ her aunt, Katlyn Levesque, told the Toronto Star. ‘You know, don’t wander around alone, be mindful of your surroundings. Then, I never heard from her.’ Few details have been released by Mexican authorities about Friesen. Metro.co.uk has reached out to the Canadian Embassy in Mexico for further comment. Friesen plays hockey for the Dawson Creek Canucks, who play in the North Peace Hockey League. He is currently listed on the team’s 2022-2023 roster. ‘I know that they’re hurting too and confused,’ Levesque said about Friesen’s family. ‘They want to find out what happened as much as everybody else.’ Meanwhile, family and friends set up a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to transport Agnew’s body back to Canada. Agnew’s death happened the same day as the violent kidnapping of four Americans in the northeastern Mexican city of Matamoros. The American tourists, who were visiting the country for a discount cosmetic surgery appointment, were taken hostage by assailants after getting caught in crossfire on March 3. Days later, the Americans were finally found in a rural town outside of the city. Two of the Americans were killed during the ordeal, while two more were taken to a hospital in Brownsville, Texas on Wednesday. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.