The holy oil that will be used to anoint King Charles during his coronation contains no animal products, it was confirmed today. His Majesty is set to be inaugurated as the head of the state on May 6 and will be blessed with chrism oil, as is tradition. In the past, the liquid has included ingredients from animals. According to a retired Church of England priest, the holy oil used to anoint the late Queen Elizabeth in 1953 came from a musk deer, a civet cat and a sperm whale. But the oil for the King’s coronation has been made with olives and perfumed with sesame, rose, jasmine, cinnamon, neroli, benzoin, amber and orange blossom. Sesame seed and olive oil, perfume with roses, orange flowers and jasmine have all also been used. The holy oil was consecrated on Friday, in a ceremony in The Church of the Holy Sepulchre, in Jerusalum and was led by the Patriarch of Jerusalem, His Beatitude Patriarch Theophilos III, and the Anglican Archbishop in Jerusalem, The Most Reverend Hosam Naoum. It has been created using olives harvested from two groves on the Mount of Olives, at the Monastery of Mary Magdalene and the Monastery of the Ascension. Mr Naoum said on Friday he had ‘felt a deep sense of spiritual experience’. The archbishop added: ‘So what has been happening today, I think there is that thread, that this – the consecration of the oil for the enthronement and the Coronation – it brings about something of a deep and profound meaning. ‘Both to King Charles, to the church and Jerusalem, to the Holy Land, and I think to the whole world.’ Charles has strong links with the Holy Land because his grandmother Princess Alice, who harboured a Jewish family in Greece during the Second World War, is buried at the Russian Orthodox church of St Mary Magdalene in Jerusalem. He last visited her tomb in 2020 during a visit to Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories and laid flowers. The oil is stored in a bottle and traditionally held in great secrecy by the Dean of Westminster at Westminster Abbey. During the ceremony, it is kept in a solid gold flask called an ampulla – an artefact shaped like an eagle. The King will also receive the orb, coronation ring and sceptre, and will be crowned with the majestic St Edward’s Crown and blessed during the historic ceremony. Camilla will also be anointed with holy oil and crowned, just like the Queen Mother was when she was crowned Queen in 1937. It has been confirmed that Camilla’s crown will not feature the controversial Koh-i-Noor diamond, despite it originally featuring the jewel. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.