Ed Sheeran has added to his decade-spanning mathematical album era with a brand new set of tracks on his latest collection entitled – (Subtract) – set to be released on May 5. However, it promises to be his most personal album to date as he opens up on the death of his close friend Jamal Edwards, and the health issues his wife Cherry Seaborn faced during one of her pregnancies. Ed’s fresh hits will be the last to be released under a symbol inspired moniker as they revisit Ed’s singer/songwriter roots. Written against a backdrop of personal grief and hope, the set list promises to present the much-loved artist at his most vulnerable and honest. Ed, 32, revealed: ‘I had been working on Subtract for a decade, trying to sculpt the perfect acoustic album, writing and recording hundreds of songs with a clear vision of what I thought it should be. ‘Then at the start of 2022, a series of events changed my life, my mental health, and ultimately the way I viewed music and art. ‘Writing songs is my therapy. It helps me make sense of my feelings. I wrote without thought of what the songs would be, I just wrote whatever tumbled out. ‘And in just over a week, I replaced a decade’s worth of work with my deepest darkest thoughts.’ The chart topper went on to reveal traumas he faced in the build-up to his album release, including that his pregnant wife, Cherry, learned she had a tumour with no route to treatment until after the birth. He then recounted the death of his close pal and SBTV founder Edwards – who he described as ‘a brother to me’ and admitted that he ‘found myself standing in court defending my integrity and career as a songwriter’ thereafter. ‘I felt like I was drowning, head below the surface, looking up but not being able to break through for air,’ Ed acknowledged. He admitted: ‘It’s opening the trapdoor into my soul. For the first time I’m not trying to craft an album people will like, I’m merely putting something out that’s honest and true to where I am in my adult life.’ Ed first burst onto the UK music scene in 2011 with his debut album +. From then on he rapidly established himself as a history-making artist, following his successful debut with x, ÷, No.6 Collaborations Project and =. Ed’s album – (Subtract) will be available to stream from May 5, 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ed Sheeran launches hot sauce range and the name deserves an award of its own MORE : Adele and Ed Sheeran both ‘turned down’ invitations to perform at King Charles’ Coronation 