Shaughna Phillips was forced to cancel a job last minute as she was taken to hospital after going into labour. The former Love Island star, 28, is expecting her first child with ex-boyfriend Billy Webb. She revealed the news with an Instagram reel documenting her admission to hospital, alongside the caption: ‘Soooo what started as a “come to work with me” reel, turned into a “come to the hospital with me”. ‘I had my last job before baby this morning, an international women’s day panel, and just before my cab arrived, things took a turn and I was on the way to the hospital, and have been told I’m in early labour. @annalingis went from make up artist to midwife REAL QUICK! ‘Home now, baby still tucked up nicely, and waiting for nature to do it’s thang [sic]’. Shaughna initially shared the adorable news of her pregnancy in a sweet video on social media – which showed reactions from family and friends as well as the pregnancy test. Earlier this month, the star teased the baby’s due date following the arrest of her unborn child’s father Webb. The 29-year-old was arrested and charged in January with possession with intent to supply a Class A drug. However, the turbulent times in her relationship didn’t stop Shaughna from looking ahead to the arrival of her first tiny tot. She offered fans a hint as to when the baby could be making its appearance on March 2 after she uploaded a message to her Instagram story. ‘Hello March, please be a good one. The month my little lamb should arrive,’ she wrote. The former islander also spoke out about the effect her father’s child’s arrest had had on her pregnancy. ‘After a challenging few weeks, obviously, the baby’s father isn’t around. But my main focus has always been just to prepare for the birth and try to be as calm as possible,’ she shared with OK!. ‘I’m good at just saying: “Right, the show must go on.”’ The former reality star continued: ‘Billy’s not around, but I don’t want to say that I’m doing it on my own, because I’m absolutely not – my family’s incredible. ‘It’s going to be different, but I don’t want to say it’s going to be bad’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Shaughna Phillips hints at baby’s due date following boyfriend’s arrest MORE : Pregnant Shaughna Phillips devastated after car gets stolen outside mum’s house weeks before giving birth 