Russian forces are resorting to using shovels as weapons in the war in Ukraine as ammunition supplies dwindle, UK intelligence officials have revealed. Troops were ordered to attack rivals armed only with ‘firearms and shovels’ at a Ukrainian strongpoint last month, a Ministry of Defence (MoD) update on Sunday said. The shovels are ‘likely entrenching tools being employed for hand-to-hand combat,’ a defence intelligence update on Sunday said. But one reservist described how they were ‘neither physically nor psychologically’ prepared for the action. Designed in 1869, the use of the MPL-50 shovels as weapons ‘highlights the brutal and low-tech fighting which has come to characterise much of the war,’ officials said. The MoD update also pointed to evidence suggesting an ‘increase in close combat in Ukraine’. ‘This is probably a result of the Russian command continuing to insist on offensive action largely consisting of dismounted infantry – with less support from artillery fire because Russia is short of munitions.’ A further update on Monday said the Russian military had deployed 60-year-old T-62 main battle tanks (MBT) in response to ‘heavy armoured vehicle losses’. But the ‘vintage’ vehicles could expose ‘vulnerabilities’ on the modern battlefield – including a lack of ‘modern explosive reactive armour’, the MoD update warned. Russia is said to have been running out of weapons, soldiers and allies since last October as Vladimir Putin’s bid to take control of Kyiv did not go according to plan. However, GCHQ intelligence agency boss, Sir Jeremy Fleming, at the time warned the Kremlin still boasts a ‘very capable military machine’. Last week Russia’s foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, claimed his country is the victim in the war during a political conference – prompting the audience to laugh. But a pundit on Russian state TV left guests stunned after suggesting the nation needed to admit they could lose the conflict – which has now been ongoing for more than a year. Putin ignored the first anniversary of his invasion because it has failed to achieve any of its objectives, analysts said. Putin’s allies, including China’s President Xi Jinping and Belarus premier, Alexander Lukashenko, both called for a ceasefire and talks to bring about a political settlement in Ukraine on Thursday. The leaders made the joint plea at a meeting in Beijing after China unveiled a 12-point peace plan, including demands that the territorial integrity of all countries should be be respected. But the Kremlin has vowed it will ‘never be able to compromise’ over the land it has seized since invading Ukraine. ‘New territories’ Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia were declared Russian following referendums widely condemned as shams last year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.