Strict Saturn is back in dreamy Pisces today for the first time in 26 years, where it will stay until 2026, and could transform the structure of our lives. Cancer may begin to question their beliefs around key issues, and this could lead to a change of direction. Aquarius could gain a new feeling of lightness and relaxation over the coming weeks, and Libra might start to develop routines that could help them thrive. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for March 7, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 As Saturn enters a more secluded sector, it may inspire you to take a closer look at what has been hidden away in this secretive sector. Whatever is here can undermine happiness, unless it’s rooted out. Your dreams could be very helpful in this regard, but so may the assistance of a life coach or therapist. Need some pampering? Today’s Full Moon encourages you to enjoy yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 A Full Moon in Virgo highlights opportunities to get out and enjoy life. An exhibition or a walk in nature, could lift your spirits. From today, a new phase begins as prudent Saturn leaves your sector of goals and ambition and enters your social zone. The coming two years or so, can see you leaning away from superficial friends and linking with those who share your interests. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A major shift occurs today, as sobering Saturn the planet of discipline, boundaries, time and space, moves out of your sector of travel and learning and into your zone of goals and responsibilities. For the next two and a half years, you may be keen to leave your mark on the world and could put pressure on yourself to accomplish more, or to achieve a key ambition. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Sobering Saturn moves into Pisces and your sector of travel, adventure and study. You may begin to question your beliefs around key issues and your motives for wanting to pursue ideas and opportunities, and this could lead to a change of direction. Have something to say? The Virgo Full Moon could inspire you to get it out into the open. You might surprise someone. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Cautious Saturn enters Pisces and an emotionally intense sector. Its presence here over the next two and a half years, can be a factor in encouraging deep inner transformation of the kind that could bring about a positive shift in your outer circumstances. A big part of this may be the ability to release what no longer serves, Leo. Many aspects of your life will start to flow better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Relationships may take on a serious tone, as taskmaster Saturn moves into this sector from today. You’ll view your connections more objectively, and if some of them seem a tad superficial, you’ll be ready to seek out those with more depth. There’s also a Full Moon in your sign which can coincide with an unexpected visit or offer. Something or someone is worth looking into, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Your social life sparkles with promise, as bright encounters and lively conversations can see you enjoying a delightful get-together. However, there is a more serious tone too, as thoughtful Saturn leaves your sector of creativity and moves into your lifestyle zone for two and a half years. This is an excellent time to develop habits that bring out the best in you, and help you flourish. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The coming weeks can see a change in a situation concerning your home and domestic sector, with a chance that things could ease somewhat in this area. A shift in focus to your zone of leisure and creativity from today, may see you becoming serious about self-expression, and perhaps deciding to put more effort into enhancing your skills regarding a hobby or sport. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The focus shifts from more mind orientated activities to those connected with your home, as Saturn the planet of structure and organisation, enters your domestic sector for a stay of around two and a half years. During this time, you may decide to renovate or repair your home. You might feel moved to start a home business or to take on other family responsibilities, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Any money or cashflow issues you’ve experienced can ease to an extent. This likely won’t happen overnight, but over the coming month or so, you could start to see a difference. Matters associated with communication may rise higher up your list of priorities. For instance, learning a new skill could enable you to access key opportunities that will help to better your life. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 After hosting practical Saturn in your sign for the past two and a half years, it leaves today and enters Pisces and your sector of values and resources. Its presence here encourages you to take control of your money and make it work harder for you. Over the coming weeks, you’ll sense a new lightness of being and feel more relaxed about life. It may even be time for a holiday. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 As Saturn moves into your sign, it’s time to get serious about your plans. You could easily get frustrated if things don’t go as fast as hoped. Yet this placement encourages commitment and perseverance, which is not only the key to succeeding, but doing so in style. Plus, today’s Full Moon can be a call to enjoy some quality time with your partner or a get-together with friends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for March 5 to March 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : Venus in Aries makes for drama in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope