Richard Madeley received a warm welcome back from Susanna Reid as he returned to Good Morning Britain following a short absence. Addressing why he’d been missing from the show, the broadcaster explained that he hadn’t been ‘sacked’ from the ITV programme, before detailing a horrific accident where he sustained a painful injury. ‘You appear to have made a full recovery,’ Susanna remarked, as Richard outlined how he had previously been speaking with a lisp after his incident. ‘I was either a freak having an accident or I had a freak accident,’ he quipped. The 66-year-old outlined how he had been ‘crouching down on a slope’ between his open car door, and was ‘fiddling around with something at the bottom of the car’ when disaster struck. ‘I turned around as the door decided to close itself. Gravity pulled it shut, it’s a big heavy door,’ he shared, as Susanna, 52, grimaced. ‘It just hit me on the chin and I really bit my tongue, to the extent that I needed an op. I had to have some stitches in it.’ Richard continued, stressing that he ‘didn’t actually get the sack’, as one publication is said to have reported. Reacting to Richard’s debacle, Susanna said: ‘That’s horrible.’ ‘It wasn’t pleasant actually. Eating and drinking was difficult,’ her co-host responded, explaining that he had to miss two weeks of GMB as a result. Prior to Richard’s brief hiatus from GMB, Susanna was forced to step in when he used incorrect pronouns when referring to singer Sam Smith live on the programme. Speaking in January this year, the broadcaster was describing a music video released by the musician, who identifies as non-binary, stating: ‘For the purposes of this debate, let’s just read out the stuff we didn’t show you. ‘Men film from behind gyrating while wearing leather trousers with the bottom cut out in a heart shape, a shot of him… Sam.’ Susanna then stepped in to say: ‘They… remember Sam Smith uses the pronouns they.’ Acknowledging his blunder, Richard added: ‘They, yes sorry.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chloe Madeley defends herself after being shamed for taking six-month-old baby in taxi without car seat MORE : Susanna Reid forced to correct Richard Madeley on Sam Smith’s non-binary pronouns amid music video backlash 