Boris Johnson has said it is ‘surreal’ and ‘particularly concerning’ that partygate investigator Sue Gray will be working for Sir Keir Starmer. The former PM’s allies speculated that her plan to join the Labour leader’s office proves the Partygate probe was ‘a deliberate and manufactured plot to oust a Brexit-backing Conservative prime minister’. Jacob Rees-Mogg raged ‘so much for an impartial civil’, while Nadine Dorries described the Gray Partygate report as a ‘stitch-up’. In a statement today, Mr Johnson said: ‘So it is surreal to discover that the Committee proposes to rely on evidence culled and orchestrated by Sue Gray, who has just been appointed Chief of Staff to the Leader of the Labour Party. ‘This is particularly concerning given that the Committee says it is proposing to rely on “the findings in the Second Permanent Secretary’s report” as ‘relevant facts which the Committee will take into account.’ Mr Johnson made history by becoming the first sitting PM in history to be found to have broken the law when he was fined by the Metropolitan Police for attending a party on his birthday. This scandal came amid the Owen Paterson debacle and his controversial flat refurbishment of his Downing Street flat. Ms Gray has not yet made any public comment on her new role within the Labour party. The top civil servant made a name for herself while investigating whether the Government broke lockdown rules with events it held while the country was under legally-enforced restrictions. A source within Labour was quoted as saying said: ‘[Sue Gray] knows how Number 10 works and she’s very popular with civil servants.’ It could take some time before she starts in her new position, as the move will be checked by the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments (ACOBA). The committee is in charge of overseeing new jobs for former ministers and senior civil servants. Nadine Dorries is among the allies of Mr Johnson left furious at Ms Gray’s new role. She fumed: ‘Sue Gray’s evidence cannot be relied upon in any meaningful way until we know how long Sue Gray has had a personal relationship with Keir Starmer and for how long they have been discussing Sue going to work for him as his most trusted and important adviser. ‘It is very hard to see how Sue has not breached the civil service code.’ A well-placed ally of Mr Johnson said: ‘All Conservative MPs should take note: apparently it’s okay to be put through a parliamentary process which is reliant on material provided by the leader of the opposition’s chief of staff.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.