Pulp bass player Steve Mackey has died aged 56, the band has announced. The official statement read: ‘Our beloved friend & bass player Steve Mackey passed away this morning. ‘Our thoughts are with his family & loved ones. Safe travels, Steve. ‘We hope to catch up with you one day. All our love xx.’ Alongside the heartfelt post, they shared an image of Steve walking through mountains while on tour in 2012. They wrote: ‘This photo of Steve dates from when Pulp were on tour in South America in 2012. ‘We had a day off and Steve suggested we go climbing in the Andes. So we did. ‘& it was a completely magical experience.’ They continued: ‘Far more magical than staring at the hotel room wall all day (which is probably what we’d have done otherwise). ‘Steve made things happen. In his life & in the band. ‘& We’d very much like to think that he’s back in those mountains now, on the next stage of his adventure.’ The sad news comes after the alternative rock band announcing they were reuniting for a string of 10 shows this year. Frontman Jarvis Cocker and co announced the news but said Mackey in October last year, but said Mackey would not be included in the reunion tour, who said at the time that he wished his bandmates the best but said he has ‘decided to continue the work I’m engaged in – music, filmmaking and photography projects’. He wrote that Pulp ‘is a very important part of my creative life… and I’m exceptionally proud of the body of work we’ve created together,’ however he ‘will not be joining them for these UK shows just announced.’ He went on: ‘Wishing  Candy, Nick, Mark and Jarvis the very best with forthcoming performances in the UK and also an enormous thanks to Pulp’s amazing fanbase, many of whom have sent me lovely messages today.’ Pulp originally reunited in 2011, when Jarvis was joined by Russell Senior, Candida Doyle, Nick Banks, Mackey and Mark Webber. The band were formed in the late 1970s by frontman Cocker and multi-instrumentalist Peter Dalton, who left the group in 1982. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Samuel L Jackson’s fans step in after spotting Pulp Fiction star’s Twitter account ‘liking’ X-rated posts on his birthday MORE : Pulp tickets snapped up in minutes, as fans ask ‘why is buying tickets an extreme sport?’ 