Harry Styles thrilled fans at a recent concert after he playfully responded to an audience member’s risqué sign. The much-loved musician’s live performances have become known for big fan interaction moments and Tuesday night’s Gold Coast concert was no different. During the event, a female fan halted proceedings as the star took a break between hits to react to her sexually charged words. Frankie Fisher – a TikTok user – went viral after her handmade sign caught the attention of the Watermelon Sugar singer. Scrawled across a piece of white cardboard, the fan penned the words: ‘I think of you when I shag my boyfriend’ in pink marker and glitter glue. The eager concertgoer shared the former One Direction member’s ‘live reaction’ to her mischievous message on her social media account. In the footage the 29-year-old pop artist could be seen wandering across the stage as he inspected the sign and feigned shock with raised eyebrows once the words had sunk in. Harry was then seen walking away shaking his head and smiling and laughing to himself. Frankie captioned her video – that was watched by 1.2million – with: ‘Safe to say i think he liked it [sic]’. Other fans and audience members joined in the fun online and left their thoughts on the sign. One penned: ‘The signs and interactions last night were so unhinged and I’m living for it’. Another wrote: ‘LMFAO I SAW THIS AND WAS REALLY ROOTING FOR HIM TO SEE THIS [sic]’. ‘And this ladies is why he wrote boyfriends,’ a TikTok user joked. The singer donned a pair of leather trousers and trainers for the performance which he paired with a pink and red t-shirt. True to style, Harry took his Love On Tour shows Down Under and added a unique flair to each individual performance. During his set in Melbourne, he playfully sported a straw Bunnings hat to the delight of fans who praised him for nodding to Australia’s culture. In Perth, the Englishman took another opportunity to honour the country by doing a ‘shoey’ – a traditional party trick that involves drinking a can of beer from a shoe. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles helps smitten couple get engaged during tour show and it’s adorable MORE : Harry Styles has to take part in New Zealand’s 2023 census so let’s hope he loves admin 