Nissan is recalling 809,000 small SUVs in the US and Canada due to an ignition defect that is causing the cars’ engines to turn off while driving. The recall is for two models sold by the Japanese car manufacturer – the Nissan Rogue and the Nissan Rogue Sport. The cars are sold with ‘jackknife’ style folding keyfobs, which the company says are prone to closing while inserted into the ignition. When the keyfob closes, if turns off the engine. ‘If the vehicle is driven with the key in the collapsed position, contact with the fob by the driver could inadvertently turn the vehicle off while driving,’ Nissan stated. With the vehicle turned off, passengers in the car are put in greater risk due to the loss of many safety features, including power braking and airbags. So far, the company has not reported any crashes, injuries, or fatalities due to the defect. The company plans to notify purchasers of the recalled vehicles in March, and will begin offering repairs for the ignition as soon as a remedy is available. The defect is specifically affecting Rogues sold between the years 2014 and 2020, and Rogue Sports sold between 2017 and 2022. You can check to see if your vehicle is recalled by searching its VIN number in the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s website. ‘Owners with a key that will not remain in the extended “open” position should contact their local authorized Nissan dealer for diagnosis,’ the company added. The Nissan recall comes less than two weeks after hundreds of thousands of Tesla electric vehicles were recalled due to flaws in their ‘Full Self Driving’ software. According to the NHTSA, the self driving programming had the ability to ‘exceed speed limits or travel through intersections in an unlawful or unpredictable manner,’ increasing the risk of crashes. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.