The Apprentice viewers have been left baffled as another spelling error went unnoticed. Thursday’s episode saw the remaining six contestants, which were narrowed down to an all-female final five, tasked by Lord Alan Sugar with branding and creating a dog food product, but it didn’t go down to well in the boardroom. While both groups didn’t impress Lord Sugar, Tim Campbell or Baroness Karren Brady, one error seemed to go unnoticed. But not by fans. Team Apex’s product, Pro Paw, had a detail spelt wrong: nutritious, spelt as nutricious. ‘Am I the only person who noticed the miss-spelling of “nutritious” on the Pro Paw packaging?’ one person wrote. Another penned: ‘Why is no one pointing out the incorrect spelling of ‘Nutritious’ on the Pro Paw packaging???’ ‘How on earth has no one picked up on the spelling of ‘nutritious’??’ someone else commented. It was only last week when viewers spotted another huge spelling error, when the contestants were tasked with creating a skincare line. The tagline for one team’s moisturiser, Start, read: ‘A mans skin tells his story, add Start to your story,’ with many viewers pointing out an apostrophe was missing from ‘man’s’. ‘Arguably the worst product ever on #TheApprentice tonight. Anyone else bothered that no one noticed there was no apostrophe in Man’s?! I’m *such* an English Tutor!’ one person wrote. Another agreed: ‘Oh it irritated me the whole episode. Wasn’t so keen on the comma use either!’ ‘How did we get all the way through #TheApprentice without anyone noticing the missing apostrophe in “mans”?!’ someone else commented. The Apprentice airs Thursdays at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice viewers baffled over contestants’ ‘annoying’ fashion choices: ‘They’re like walking coat hangers’ MORE : The Apprentice sees all female final five for second year in a row as remaining contestants gear up for brutal interview stage 