Reggie Watts has a lot going on right now. Not only is he gearing up for life without James Corden (he’s the band leader for The Late Late Show with James Cordon, which airs its final episode next month) but he’s also releasing a book this year (a biography called Great Falls, MT) and he’s going on tour. Oh, and then there’s Just For Laughs, the legendary comedy festival that took over London this week. Reggie, 50, joined the likes of Ryan Reynolds and Katherine Ryan on the line-up. The comedy festival launched more than 40 years ago in Montreal and since then has cemented itself as the Glasto of giggles. Ahead of his set at The O2 this week, Metro.co.uk had the pleasure of catching up with Reggie to talk comedy, 2023 and of course, James Corden. First up, we had to ask what it’s really like working with James, 44, whose character has come under scrutiny in the past (who remembers the whole Balthazar fiasco?). But rumours cheeky James has a dark side couldn’t be further from Reggie’s personal experience with the Gavin and Stacey star. When asked about his time on The Late Late Show, Reggie told us: ‘It’s been really great. ‘It’s been very pleasant, lovely. We don’t hang out all the time. But when we’re around each other, it’s super friendly.’ Reggie added: ‘[He’s] a really wonderful, generous guy, and I’ve been really lucky to have been able to work with him and his crew.’ When he’s not heading up James’ band, safely tucked away inside a studio in LA’s Television City, Reggie’s normally on stage, creating. So we couldn’t help but wonder how he felt about calls comedians have made over the last twelve months for safer working conditions. From stage rushes (Dave Chappelle was jumped on stage during a stand-up set in May) to attacks on artists (author Salman Rushdie was stabbed in the neck while making a speech in New York last year) shows have turned sinister on more than one occasion. Does stuff like that cross Reggie’s mind? ‘I mean, I don’t think the type of humour that I do really invokes violence,’ he shared. ‘If I’m talking about something political, I’m usually deconstructing it to absurdity. So, it’s more about human behaviour. ‘Also, I’m showing certain human behaviour is very silly, like anger is a silly response to any issue at all. Violence is like the dumbest response. My humour is not intended to belittle or get under people’s skin, it’s usually to appeal to their better instincts.’ As for Just For Laughs itself? Reggie explained what excites him most about the humour industry titan. ‘They’re throwing festivals, which is great. And it’s comedy, which is great. And it’s the UK, which I haven’t been back to in a while. So that’s also great.’ Right on. Onto the final question: what’s Reggie most excited for in 2023? His answer might surprise you. ‘I’m excited about AI. Really, really excited about what AI can bring to humanity. Very excited about that,’ he said without pause. ‘And then also, I’m excited my book’s coming out. It’s called Great Falls, Montana, about my hometown of Great Falls Montana. ‘It’s an autobiography. I’ve never done a book before. So, you know, I don’t even read books. But I’m making one. And, you know, going on tour and all that stuff.’ Just For Laughs Festival closes today at The O2. Tickets on sale from www.london.hahaha.com. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lorraine Kelly backs Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s exit from Frogmore Cottage MORE : Maya Jama sizzles in plunging orange gown as killer dress once again sends Love Island fans wild (and here’s where you can get her look)  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 