The Great British Bake Off is reportedly undergoing a ‘huge revamp’ after the last season was the lowest rated in the show’s history. The thirteenth season of the beloved reality cooking series, which saw Syabira Yusoff crowned winner, did manage to pick up a loyal following, but many devotees turned away last year. Some said that the show had ‘lost its identity’ and the challenges dished out were now ‘inaccessible’, especially for the amateur bakers watching along at home. But things are reportedly set to change soon, with the series going ‘back to basics’. An insider revealed: ‘There is a realisation last year’s show didn’t really work.’ ‘We’re going to strip it back to basics, with a few twists,’ they added to the Mirror. The comments come after showrunner and executive producer Richard McKerrow acknowledged the ingredients that had served the show so well for several years didn’t quite stick. ‘I’d be the first to hold up our hands and say that I feel that the last series was not our strongest,’ he said. Bringing in an audience of eight million across its run after 28 days, the last season was the first not to average nine million. Then, the finale was watched by 5.2 million, which was two million less than the previous low in 2021. Those numbers helped see the season become the lowest-rated since the format moved to Channel 4 in 2017. However McKerrow  also said he had taken the feedback on about the show had become too tough for the participants. ‘Heading into season 14 you have to take a look at it and think: “s***, [are] the challenges too complicated?”,’ he said on Rethink Audio’s The Media Podcast with Matt Deegan. ‘We are looking very hard at making sure [this next series] is as good as it can be.’ Metro.co.uk has approached Channel 4 for comment. Great British Bake Off is expected to return to Channel 4 in the autumn. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Matt Lucas takes subtle swipe at Bake Off after admitting he never wanted the job MORE : Even The Great British Bake Off boss admits backlash over series 13 was ‘valid’ 