A football fan has died after a brawl broke out between Blackpool and Burnley fans at the weekend. Tony Johnson, 55, died earlier this morning, Blackpool FC announced in a statement. The club said it is ‘deeply shocked and saddened to learn of the news that supporter, Tony Johnson, tragically lost his life earlier this morning.’ Supporters can pay their respects by writing in an open book of condolence, which will be placed in the club’s Moretti Lounge from 4pm today. Fans are also invited to join staff and players laying flowers at the Mortensen Statue behind the North Stand. The club said this is an opportunity to give ‘everyone associated with the football club the chance to come together and remember a lifelong Seasider. ‘All the thoughts of everyone at the football club go out to Tony’s family and friends,’ the statement said, concluding: ‘Rest in peace, Tony.’ Mr Johnson suffered a serious head injury when an altercation took place outside The Manchester pub, on the junction with Lytham Road and the Promenade in Blackpool, around 7pm on Saturday. He was given CPR and rushed to hospital but died overnight, police said on Monday. Tributes have flooded in for Mr Johnson, whose death has left loved ones heartbroken. ‘ One friend, Nathaniel, shared a picture of Mr Johnson enjoying a drink in a hot tub, describing how he was ‘shocked and broken’ by the tragedy. ‘He lived life to the full, loved us all and Blackpool FC, he is going to be massively missed.’ Burnley FC also offered its condolences to Mr Johnson’s loved ones. A GoFundMe page has now been launched to raise money for funeral costs. The fundraiser, set up by Mr Johnson’s friend, David Ragozzino, hailed him as a ‘true Seasider’. ‘Unfortunately our good friend Tony Johnson passed away early this morning following being on life support since Saturday evening. ‘We would really like to help his partner and family at this terrible time with help towards any funeral costs or other financial commitments that they have.’ Lancashire Police has now launched an investigation and is appealing for anyone with information or footage of the incident to come forward. ‘Devastated’ relatives are now being given support by specially trained officers, the force said. A 33-year-old man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of wounding and has since been bailed pending further enquiries. DCI Tracey McMurdo vowed to get ‘answers about what happened’. ‘The investigation continues and we will pursue anybody involved to bring them to justice. ‘At the heart of this is a grieving family who are incredibly distressed by what has happened.’ Anyone who can help the police investigation is urged to call 101 quoting log 1262 of March 4th, or make a report online at doitonline.lancashire.police.uk. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or at crimestoppers-uk.org. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.