The BBC Sports Northern Ireland account has liked tweet criticising Gary Lineker as the fallout over his Match Of The Day removal continues. The football pundit compared the government’s new migration policy, which seeks to block boats arriving in the UK, to Germany in the 1930s. The 62-year-old has become a national hero after refusing to back down over his comments, which angered members of the Tory government. Celebrities, including Dan Walker and Piers Morgan, have defended the former player’s right to free speech and condemned the BBC’s response. The Line of Duty broadcaster asked Lineker to step back from his presenting duties on Match Of The Day, with fellow pundits, including Alan Shearer, refusing to feature on the programme in solidarity with him. Amid the saga, the BBC Sports NI official Twitter liked two tweets from DUP MLA Edwin Poots and ex-Labour MP Kate Hoey. While they have since been unliked, The Belfast Telegraph obtained screenshots of the comments. Hoey wrote: ‘Gary Lineker is entitled to his views – he is not entitled to use his privileged position as a BBC commentator to preach when he is paid by the licence fee to comment on football. ‘It is a publicly owned broadcaster. If he doesn’t like that he can go to a privately run TV station.’ Poots said: ‘I seldom watch BBC, but will tun in for Match of the Day tonight. It used to be my favourite programme.’ A BBC NI spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘This was done in error and is a serious mistake. ‘It was remedied quickly and an investigation into what happened is now underway.’ Meanwhile, BBC director general Tim Davie has apologised for the disruption to sports programming following Gary Lineker stepping back from Match Of The Day. He did add that it had been a ‘difficult day’, saying: ‘I’m sorry audiences have been affected and they haven’t got the programming.’ In an interview in Washington DC, he continued: ‘As a keen sports fan I know to miss programming is a real blow and I’m sorry about that. ‘We are working very hard to resolve this situation and make sure we get output on air. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gary Lineker ‘pursued by BT Sport’ amid Match of the Day fall out MORE : BBC director general apologises for disruption but vows not to resign over Gary Lineker impartiality row 