Police have referred themselves to a watchdog after it took up to two days to find five friends who were victims in a car crash that killed three. Eve Smith, 21, Darcy Ross, 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, died when a VW Tiguan was seemingly in a collision after coming off the A48 in Cardiff. Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, survived but remain in a critical condition. Terrified relatives had reported them missing when they vanished after a night out on Friday – but their vehicle was not found until early Monday morning. Referrals have been made by Gwent Police and South Wales Police to the Independent Office for Police Conduct – something named as ‘usual in these circumstances’. But officers have been accused of not taking concerns from the victims’ family members seriously. It’s reported that a search party found the crash victims before the police did. Sophie’s mum has said officers told her her daughter was ‘probably out partying’. ‘It’s too awful to imagine what she went through trapped in the car in the dark until it got light and then dark again over two days’, she said. ‘Sophie was lying there for all that time, they could all have been found much quicker if the police had started searching straight away.’ South Wales Police said in a statement: ‘Referrals have been made by Gwent Police and South Wales Police to the Independent Office for Police Conduct. ‘The last confirmed sighting of the five was during the early hours of Saturday morning. Assistant Chief Constable Jason Davies of South Wales Police added: ‘Our thoughts are with the families of all those affected by this tragic incident. ‘Specialist officers are carrying out an investigation to piece together what has happened. ‘Family liaison officers are supporting the families involved at what must be a hugely difficult time for them. ‘To ensure independent oversight, South Wales Police has referred the matter to the Independent Office for Police Conduct, as is usual in these circumstances.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.