Baz Luhrmann’s daughter Lilly has opened up for the first time about what it was like when rumours about her father’s sexuality started to circulate. The 60-year-old director shares 19-year-old Lilly with his wife, Catherine Martin, 58, who he married in 1997 and is still with. Rumours started circulating that the Elvis biopic helmer was ‘gay’ when it was reported Baz and Catherine don’t share a bed. Now the pair’s eldest child has spoken out about the time, in which she recalled being ‘followed to school’ by ‘paparazzi’. ‘I did get followed to school, by a truck that was paparazzi … They were bullying my dad there for a little bit there,’ she told Phoebe Burgess’ Under The Gloss podcast in an episode called Lilly Luhrmann: Confessions of a Nepo Baby. ‘I specifically remember I was driving in the car, on the radio, this guy was like, “Today we’re going to be discussing, is Baz Luhrmann gay? Breaking news, they sleep in two different bedrooms”,’ she added. ‘And I went to school and the kids were like, “Is your dad gay?” ‘That was the first time I felt embarrassed. Not embarrassed, but more like, “Why are these people talking about my dad?” ‘Why are they making fun?’ I’m like, “They just have different sleeping schedules”.’ Lilly, older sister to William, 17, said she wasn’t traumatised by the intrusion and said she’s ‘gotten over it’ but it was the first time she realised she was a bit different having a famous dad. Back in 2014 Baz confirmed to the Daily Telegraph Australia he and Catherine did not share a bed because they were always ‘surrounded by people’ and needed time to themselves. The family moved to New York from Australia, where Lilly went on to say ‘no one cared’ which was ‘really good’. She also admitted her and William used to lie to their friends about their dad’s job, saying he was in marketing so their friendships remained genuine. Baz’s most recent venture was helming the recent biopic, Elvis, which dramatises the King of Rock ‘n’ Roll’s incredible career, starring Austin Butler in the lead role. Austin won a Bafta for his performance of Elvis not long after the late singer’s only child, Lisa Marie Presley, died. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Devastated’ Elvis director Baz Luhrmann honours star’s daughter Lisa Marie Presley after her death aged 54 MORE : Baz Luhrmann remembers most gruelling film sets from kidnapping to equine flu: ‘It nearly killed me’ 