You actor Penn Badgley is a man of many talents but it’s fair to say his cockney accent could do with a little fine-tuning. The Gossip Girl actor, 36, plays murdering sociopath Joe Goldberg in the smash hit Netflix drama, which is based in London for season 4. Ahead of the launch of the much-anticipated second part of the latest instalment, Penn appeared on Tuesday’s The One Show. The Paper Store actor said he was thrilled to be based in the UK for production of the thriller, adding his wife singer Domino Kirke, 39, is British. While Penn told the studio he stayed with Domino’s relatives while making You, it seemed he hadn’t quite picked up the British accent. However, he was more than happy to share his take on cockney dialect after being encouraged by hosts Lauren Laverne and Alex Jones on the BBC show. ‘It really is polarising,’ he explained. ‘Some people find it charming, which is to say maybe just me, and then others really hate it.’ Launching into his take on the London accent, Penn said: ‘It’s a bit up here,’ in reference to his high-pitched voice, ‘It’s like this,’ before shrugging. His You co-star Tilly Keeper, who plays a privileged socialite Ladt Phoebe in the thriller, joked it was ‘an ode to Joe Pasquale.’ ‘It took me a second to know you were doing it,’ Lauren, 44, confessed, while the studio broke out into laughter. Back in the, er, ‘cockney accent’, the Easy A star said: ‘What do you mean? Can you not tell?’ ‘It’s quite high,’ Lauren responded. Joe continued: ‘Truly, I’m deflecting from trying to do a real accent because I could do it if I committed to it for a role. I don’t want to offend anybody.’ He joked: ‘I don’t want to do it for free!’ Penn has been playing Joe since 2018 but previously said for season 4 he asked for the sex scenes to be toned down. ‘I asked Sera Gamble, the creator, “can I just do no more intimacy scenes?”’ he said. ‘This is actually a decision I had made before I took the show. ‘I don’t think I had ever mentioned it publicly, but one of the main things is like, do I want to put myself back in a career path where I’m just always a romantic lead?’ he added while speaking on his podcast Podcrushed. He also said he wanted to focus on his family over romantic roles, adding: ‘Like, fidelity, in every relationship, and especially my marriage, is important to me. And it just got to that point where I don’t want to do that.’ The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Penn Badgley remembers being neck-and-neck with Aaron Paul to play Jesse Pinkman in Breaking Bad MORE : Penn Badgley reveals Blake Lively romance saved him from experimenting with drugs and alcohol  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 