Married At First Sight Australia is back and the nerves are naturally kicking in for the bride and grooms. The popular reality series, which kicked off in 2015, is returning for a 10th season as a whole host of new singletons come together to meet their new spouses. The peculiar yet entertaining premise sees a fresh batch of contestants set their sights on one another for the very first time as they walk to the altar and say I do. In the first look at today’s episode released by Metro.co.uk, show experts Mel Schilling and Alessandra Rampolla check on the nervous brides. ‘Let me tell you all, you’re in for something big,’ says sexologist Alessandra. Well, ain’t that the truth! Psychologist John Aiken warns the grooms that ‘it doesn’t get more intense than this.’ ‘The next 12 weeks are going to push, test and challenge you in ways that you could not imagine,’ he said. In a previous episode, Jessica Tomlinson confronted bride Bronte Schofield minutes after she tied the knot to Harrison Boon and revealed she had some dirt on the groom. The guest told the 29-year-old online beauty educator that she actually recognised her new husband because he was dating her friend just days before their nuptials. ‘I need to tell you something,’ she told Bronte as she explained she has a friend from Sydney who had actually mentioned Harrison to her. She added: ‘She told me about this guy that’s going to go on MAFS and that she has been dating for the last month and a half… It’s him, it’s Harrison.’ Jessica said Harrison actually told her friend he wanted to get back with her after he finished on the reality show, and he planned to spend every weekend with her.Bronte refused to believe the guest at first, replying: ‘No, no, you’re f***ing lying’, but Jessica said she had a photo of him on her phone. Married At First Sight Australia premieres tonight at 7:30pm on E4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : MAFS ‘porn gran’ Mishel Karen explains why reality TV stars think they need to turn to OnlyFans MORE : MAFS UK Matt and Marilyse shut down romance rumours despite sharing cosy snap 