‘I love you and always will’ – this is the last message sent by a teenager to his girlfriend before taking his own life, an inquest has found. Alex Tyson died instantly after crashing his Ford Fiesta near a Lancashire village on  September 4 last year. His death, which has been ruled a suicide, happened just moments after he texted her: ‘I love you and always will. I am on the motorway. See you in the next life and goodbye.’ An inquest held on Thursday heard he crashed his car travelling at up to 88mph. After receiving the message, Alex’s panicked partner contacted his sister Ellie who tracked his location on Find My iPhone. His dad, Peter, raced to the M6 at Junction 31a before making his way to the slip road at Junction 31 where the crash had happened. Recalling that evening, the taxi driver said: ‘I went home and his car wasn’t on the drive. ‘I got a screenshot from Ellie from Find My iPhone, which showed his phone was between the slip road and the carriageway. ‘I went home and told [Alex’s mum] Caroline what Ellie had said but by that stage, he had been dead half an hour. ‘Then I went to Junction 31a and headed southbound. There were no blues and twos and I thought “that’s good”. ‘I came off at Junction 31 and saw his car between the carriageway and the slip road. I jumped out and ran across using my phone as a torch but he was not in the car. ‘I found him 20 yards from the car. Imagine that – finding your own son dead.’ During the inquest, area coroner Chris Long concluded Alex’s death was a suicide. ‘If you are going through a crisis, speak to good friends or family,’ mum Caroline said. ‘I don’t want any other parents to go through what we went through.’ Peter added: ‘We wake up every day with a wrecking ball through our lives.’ According to his parents, Alex had been planning for the future, having recently bought Coldplay tickets and booked a trip to Milan. Peter added: ‘He was only three months away from finishing his apprenticeship at BAE. He had the whole world in front of him.’ Alongside his studies, Alex also coached a football team and was ‘an avid fan’ of all sports. After his death, Preston North End Football Club posted a tribute on Twitter: ‘Everyone at the club was deeply saddened to learn of the tragic passing of PNE fan Alex Tyson at the age of just 19. ‘Our thoughts are with all of Alex’s family and friends at this incredibly sad time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.