Stephen Bear has been sentenced to 21 months in prison in his revenge porn trial after sharing a private video of him having sex with his ex-girlfriend Georgia Harrison on his OnlyFans website. Following a delay for psychiatric reports, he was sentenced at Chelmsford Crown Court on Friday (March 3), after Judge Christopher Morgan previously warned the 32-year-old reality star that ‘all options’ were open to him, which included jail time. He has also been given a restraining order to not contact Harrison for five years, and after being ordered to sign the sex offenders register he will be subject to notification requirements for 10 years. Judge Christopher Morgan, sentencing, said Bear ‘wished to exploit the economic value of the recording’ of himself and Harrison having sex. ‘I’m sure that you recognised the enhanced economic value to you by having Georgia Harrison, a well-known reality TV and social media personality, in the video,’ the judge added. ‘She would have been known and recognised by many people.’ He said that the defendant caused Harrison ‘extensive humiliation and embarrassment’. Following his sentencing, Bear said to the court: ‘Have a good weekend everyone.’ In December, the 32-year-old reality star was found guilty of sharing a secret sex tape with his ex Georgia Harrison, who was due to appear in person to read her victim impact statement to the court ahead of his Bear’s sentencing. Bear, who won Celebrity Big Brother in 2016, and 27-year-old Love Island star Harrison were recorded having sex on CCTV cameras in Bear’s garden in Loughton, Essex in August 2 2020, Chelmsford Crown Court heard during the week-long trial late last year. Before sentencing, Bear took selfies with a girl outside the court and sang Lady In Red before telling reporters it ‘wasn’t a fair trial.’ Reports from PA indicate the disgraced reality star had stopped to make a video, filmed by fiancee Jessica Smith, before going into the building. Harrison, meanwhile, was seen sharing an embrace with her mother before entering the court. Both Bear’s mother and father were also seen arriving to be present for their son’s sentencing. Harrison, who waived her right to anonymity, said she did not know that they were being filmed and told him not to share footage when he showed it to her, but she said that he went on to share it on WhatsApp and online. Although Bear had previously denied two counts of disclosing private sexual images or films with intent to cause distress and one count of voyeurism, the jury convicted him on all counts. Following the guilty verdicts, he said in court: ‘My barrister said not to… In my opinion from the very beginning it was never a fair trial, what the press said against me. ‘I was fighting a losing battle and it is what it is.’ Judge Christopher Morgan told the defendant: ‘Thank you for that observation.’ In a statement released through police at the time, Harrison said that she wanted to ‘start embracing the future’ after the verdict, describing the previous two years as ‘absolute hell’ She said: ‘I hope me taking a stand gives other men and women who have fallen victim to revenge porn the courage to seek justice and most importantly show them that they have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Georgia Harrison splits from mystery boyfriend following Stephen Bear revenge porn trial MORE : Stephen Bear sentencing delayed ‘for psychiatric report’ after Celebrity Big Brother star was found guilty of sex tape offences 