At least eight people were killed after two boats capsized near Blacks Beach in California. The vessels were believed to be ‘smuggling boats’ according to the Los Angeles Times. The San Diego Fire-Rescue Department said it responded to a call at 11.30pm last night at the beach in San Diego County. The two panga (skiff) boats were seen overturned in the water, it was reported. A woman who is said to have been on one of the boats and said she had travelled from Mexico, called 911 to report that one of the boats had overturned, it was reported. Police officer Sarah Foster said the woman told dispatchers nine or 10 people might be in the water from the boat that capsized. According to the caller, eight people traveling on the boat she was on had made it to shore, Foster said. Police and lifeguards responded and Border Patrol was notified of the call, she said. Two helicopters were sent up to search for victims, but SDFD said conditions were too foggy. Daniel Eddy, San Diego Fire-Rescue’s Deputy Chief of Operations told OnScene TV: ‘We couldn’t get any helicopters up. ‘We had boats in the water, but at first light, once all the conditions clear, we will have Coast Guard out here and San Diego Fire-Rescue and lifeguards doing a joint search through the water for any possible victims that are left. ‘We tried to launch helicopters both from San Diego Fire and Coast Guard but due to the conditions, they couldn’t get up. ‘Coast Guard finally got up with their copter but due to the conditions of the fog in the area it was hard for their [forward-looking thermal imaging cameras] to get through to see anything in the water. ‘We are hoping at first light we will have better conditions to get everybody out there.’ ABC News correspondent Alex Stone reported that ‘bodies [were] found floating in the water when rescue teams arrived’, adding that a search operation for more possible victims is ongoing. The first lifeguards on the scene found seven deceased bodies, and an additional body was found by CBP Air and Marine Operations officers, the fire department told ABC. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.