Boris Johnson has put his father forward for a knighthood as part of his resignation honours list, according to reports. Former MEP Stanley is said to be one of 100 people proposed by the former prime minister for Cabinet Office vetting. Any honour for the 82-year-old would likely lead to questions about Mr Johnson using the system to award family members. The ex-Conservative leader faced accusations of cronyism in 2020 after nominating his brother Jo Johnson for a peerage. He is now Lord Johnson of Marylebone. His spokesperson has refused to comment on the new report from The Times. They said: ‘We don’t comment on honours.’ Stanley Johnson served as the Conservative Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for Wight and Hampshire East from 1979 to 1984. In the past, he has worked for the World Bank and the European Commission. He braved the Australian jungle in the 17th series of I’m A Celebrity 17th and has written books on environmental and population issues. In 2020, a biography about Boris Johnson alleged his father broke his mother’s nose and left her needing hospital treatment when he was a child. Stanley Johnson declined to comment at the time and said he had not read the book. Number 10 also wouldn’t comment. In 2021, two women accused Stanley Johnson of touching them at Conservative party conferences. Senior Tory MP Caroline Nokes claimed he had forcefully smacked her on the backside and made a vulgar comment at the Conservative Party conference in 2003. Political correspondent Ailbhe Rea said he had groped her at the 2019 Conservative conference. Stanley Johnson said after that he had ‘no recollection’ of either incident. During the Covid pandemic, he was criticised for travelling to Athens at time when guidance under lockdown was to avoid ‘all but essential international travel’. He said he made the trip on ‘essential business’ before the letting season, adding that he was making the property ‘Covid-proof’. Boris Johnson, who was forced to step down in shame last year, is currently facing an investigation into whether he misled MPs over parties at Downing Street during lockdown. The former British leader could face suspension from the House of Commons or even lose his seat if a committee finds he was in contempt of Parliament. He denies knowingly misleading MPs. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.