It’s all about Mercury as it makes some moves today. With the planet moving into various signs’ zones, it’s a time for looking at life and taking up new oppotunities. If that means getting come help to do it, Aries, that’s the way to go. For Virgo, this could be a time to give a relationship another go and, for Aquarius, this may just be the time to strike a deal on a big purchase. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for March 2, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 A major focus on a secluded and sensitive sector, brings an opportunity to reflect on life and your coming plans, Aries. As Mercury joins the Sun and Neptune in this zone, you’ll become aware of your thoughts, and whether they are helping you or holding you back. Ready to up your inner game? Connecting with a life coach or mentor could be the catalyst you need to get ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Your social life sparkles even more from today, as articulate Mercury urges you to get out and mingle. You may be keen to forge new friendships and to move in circles that are linked to an interest or business of yours. You’ll especially enjoy being around those who are creative, as they may encourage you to explore your own talents. Dare to share your skills, and see what happens. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You’ll continue to be in demand, and eager to showcase your skills and abilities. With a lively line-up in your sector of ambition, the desire to get ahead may be stronger than ever. As Mercury your guide planet moves in from today, don’t shy away from talking to those who can help you on your journey to success. If you’ve been meaning to approach someone, now is the time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 As Mercury glides into Pisces and a far-reaching zone, you’ll be more curious about new possibilities, and how your life might change if you take one or more of them up. This is a great time to experiment with ideas that could put you on a fresh track to an exciting destination. Is there something you need to finish first? Get it done as fast as you can, so you can move on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If others notice you’re quieter than usual, then it could be because you’re on a journey to locate and release emotional blocks. What is holding you back from being richer, happier or more at peace with yourself? If you can work this out and deal with it, your circumstances could change for the better. An emotional shift can open the flood gates to greater happiness and success. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Finding it difficult to talk to someone? As Mercury moves into your relationship zone, you might be ready to try again. Greater sensitivity to their feelings can result in a conversation that goes deeper than you thought possible and that is truly enriching, Virgo. Need to strike a deal or negotiate an agreement. With prudent Saturn in the picture, you could drive a hard bargain. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Busy with lifestyle matters? With communicator Mercury entering Pisces from today, this influence could encourage you to take on more work or find you busier in general. And if you need to boost your energy levels and brainpower to cope with it all, a wholesome diet could work wonders. Ready to learn a new skill? It could be a major turning point for you, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Ready to showcase your brilliance? The desire to express yourself and indulge your talents, could inspire your entrepreneurial side as well as being fun. As clever Mercury moves into Pisces, a blend of inspiration and imagination can produce outstanding results. And if you and another have been getting closer, this bond could intensify the more you spend time with each other. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Feel like stepping back from life? There may be a conflict between seeking new adventures and a desire for privacy. If you can make time for both, the coming days and weeks could be very worthwhile. As Mercury enters your domestic zone, this is a good time to discuss matters that need a healing approach. Entertaining can be a lot of fun, and a way to make new friends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 It’s an excellent time to strengthen old connections and make new ones. You’ll also enjoy exploring your local area and catching up on the latest developments. Plus, this can be a chance to acquire new skills, link up with friends or negotiate a deal. Your curiosity may be peaked concerning a purchase. If you’ve been hoping for a bargain, you might be lucky, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Have a big-ticket purchase in mind? As deal-maker Mercury moves into your money zone, it can inspire you to look around for the best offer and price, and you’ll be pleased with how much you save. On a social note, a positive Venus/Jupiter tie can coincide with an encouraging conversation that opens a door for you. There’s also potential for an instant attraction, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 What have you got to lose by asking for what you want? As persuasive Mercury moves into your sign, you’ll be more willing to try it and see what happens. Don’t underestimate the power of this simple strategy, as it can set forces in motion that might change your life. If you want to resolve a problem or move to a new level, locate the right person and speak the magic words to get results. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 26 to March 4 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : Venus in Aries makes for drama in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope