Davina McCall has made some interesting revelations about her sex life. The veteran TV presenter, 55, has spoken candidly about the peculiar times she orgasms while raving about Mika Simmons’ Happy Vagina Book, which Davina called ‘helpful’. Revealing that she’s climaxed ‘several times’ in her sleep, the star hailed orgasming mid-slumber as being ‘great’. ‘I’ve had an orgasm in my sleep – several. It’s great!’ The Masked Singer judge raved this week. Speaking on her podcast Making The Cut alongside her partner Michael Douglas, 48, Davina also touched up the other types of climaxes that people can experience, saying: ‘There’s a core-gasm where an orgasm occurs while performing physical activity like abs exercises! Gym anyone?’. As for why others should check out Mika’s The Happy Vagina Book, which is billed as being an ‘empowering guide to gynaecological and sexual wellbeing’, Davina added: ‘This book you can pick up, put down, you can read a page and there’s always something on it that’s very helpful. ‘It’s about everything about women and their vaginas and fertility — everything from sex, there’s quite a lot about sex, types of orgasm.’The former Big Brother presenter’s candid confession comes after the doting mum, who shares three children with ex-husband Matthew Robertson: Holly, 21, Tilly, 19, and Chester, 16, said she’s ‘begging’ ITV to let her host a middle-aged version of Love Island. Davina has been calling on producers to create a spin-off with ‘interesting people’ who have ‘lived a life’. Speaking to Steven Bartlett on his podcast The Diary of a CEO, Davina began: ‘So I always think, just start walking in that direction, and something else will come along but never just sit down and wait. ‘I’ve never sat down and thought, I’m just going to stay here and wait for something to happen to me.’ The mum-of-three added: ‘I’ve got no embarrassment or shame about emailing a TV company or head of a TV company, and going, “Have you thought about this? What about this? Can I present that if it happens? Can I do this?” ‘I’m literally begging ITV to let me present mid-life Love Island. I could fill a villa in Love Island with the best back stories you have ever heard in your life.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ana De Armas channels her inner Marilyn Monroe wearing sleek take on late icon’s naked dress MORE : Rapper Costa Titch dies aged 28 after collapsing on stage as family express ‘deep pain’ in tribute 