Chelsea forward Kai Havertz was slammed by Michael Dawson and Gabby Agbonlahor after the Blues’ much-needed victory over Leeds United. Wesley Fofana scored his first Premier League goal for Chelsea as the Blues beat Leeds 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to ease the pressure on Graham Potter. It could have been a more comfortable afternoon for Chelsea but they missed a number of chances to put the game to bed. Havertz, playing as a striker, failed to convert a one-on-one with Leeds goalkeeper Illan Meslier, while January signing Joao Felix hit the crossbar. While Chelsea were not made to pay for their wastefulness in front of goal – picking up just their third win in 16 games – Dawson and Agbonlahor both criticised Havertz’s performance. ‘Kai Havertz, he’s just not a number nine,’ ex-Premier League defender Dawson said on Sky Sports. ‘He doesn’t want to stay between the sticks. He just roams about and he didn’t cause them any problems today.’ Former Aston Villa captain Agbonlahor added on talkSPORT: ‘Chelsea were there for the taking really. They weren’t great. They were better than they have been recently but still… ‘I think Havertz, that one-on-one he had in the first half… it was like watching me out there! ‘It wasn’t convincing but I guess Chelsea will have to take that and at least it takes the pressure off Graham Potter a little bit.’ Chelsea owner Todd Boehly was at Stamford Bridge to watch the Blues beat Leeds. Despite picking up the three points, Chelsea remain 10th in the Premier League, while Leeds stay 17th – one point above the relegation zone. A relieved Potter said: ‘It’s a massive win. I’m delighted for the players and supporters. ‘We’ve had to suffer. It’s been a challenging period. I thought we played well in the first half and attacked well. ‘We were a team who had something to lose so it was great character from the players, they cared and showed togetherness in the team. It gives us something to build on.’ Chelsea will attempt to overturn a 1-0 deficit in their Champions League tie with Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday night, before returning to Premier League action next weekend against struggling Leicester City. MORE : Graham Potter hails two Chelsea players after much-needed Leeds win MORE : Graham Potter should call upon John Terry amid Chelsea crisis, says Paul Merson For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 