This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. A soothing drink before bedtime is no new concept, but when we heard there was a ‘hot chocolate’ that would help us drift off more easily, we had to try it for ourselves. Sixways Unwind and Recover Mushroom Blend, with a rich flavour profile reminiscent of hot chocolate – is packed full of sleep-inducing ingredients that also claim to boost your mood – and your overall health. Simply mix with water, or cow’s or plant-based milk (hot or cold), before bed and let the formula work its magic. Sounds pretty dreamy to us. It’s no secret that collectively as a nation, we’re not getting enough shut-eye. A recent survey from YouGov showed that a huge three-quarters of Brits aren’t getting their full eight hours, despite how essential sleep is for our overall health. So could a bedtime blend help tackle an issue that affects so many of us? Well, when it comes to its credentials, one of the key ingredients is magnesium. Studies have shown that magnesium is one of the most common nutrient deficiencies in the UK, despite being an essential mineral for supporting muscle and nerve function, relaxing the body and energy production, and in turn, helping aid sleep. The ‘hot chocolate’ also contains Ashwagandha, an ayurvedic herb and adaptogenic that is said to restore balance to the body, improve mood and boost the immune system, as well as Reishi Mushroom, which is typically used in Eastern medicine to aid sleep, tackle stress and, again, boost the immune system – and when that’s functioning well, our whole body responds more positively. Other ingredients include L-Tryptophan, Chamomile Flower, Lemon Balm Leaf and Zinc for an added nutritional boost. Oh, and it’s completely sugar-free, so bonus health points in comparison with our usual mug of the sweet stuff. With three key powerhouse ingredients, that’s a pretty potent formula in theory. But does it actually work in practice? Our tester trialled the chocolate powder every night before bedtime to see if she could get a more restful night’s sleep. Reviews on the brand’s website have been overwhelmingly positive, with consumers praising it as helping them to feel ‘super relaxed’ and ‘calmer’ before bed, as well as aiding their sleep. One shopper wrote: ‘Love it! Found this after researching into Ashwagandha and Reishi for good sleep – my sleep score has improved since I started taking the powder and the best bit is it tastes like a hot chocolate (only a healthy one). Firm favourite.’ While another said: ‘Totally sold. I’ve been taking magnesium to help me sleep but saw this and thought why not try the added extras – don’t regret it. The ingredients in this work so well together and I feel super relaxed before bed – my wife has even commented that she’s noticed a difference.’ And a third wrote: ‘Really like this. Initially I wasn’t sure if it was a placebo effect, but I’ve definitely noticed that I feel much calmer on the nights that I make my nightly unwind drink. It’s helped improve my overall sleep but also doesn’t leave me feeling knocked out or over tired.’ The Unwind Blend is currently available with a 1/3 off as a new customer exclusive. Check it out here. MORE : ‘Wellness’ coffee is here if you needed a side of vitamins with your morning brew – but is there any benefit? MORE : This waterproof jacket will save your bacon during the current wild weather (and Gareth Southgate approves)