A mum who grew cannabis to supply to her adult children only did so to ‘keep them away from other dealers,’ a court heard. Keith Henson and Sharon Williams, both of Egremont, Merseyside, appeared at Liverpool Crown Court on Tuesday in connection with the ‘peculiar’ incident, which saw Henson call the police to his own home after he claimed Williams’ son had assaulted him on February 2, 2022. Police arrived prepared to undertake a welfare check on the 59-year-old man, but instead found a large amount of cannabis growing in the back room of the property. Both defendants were arrested, and Henson told police the drugs belonged to his partner, Williams. In total, police found 150 grams of cannabis resin split into two blocks and 16 grams of female flowering heads cannabis, along with scales, snap bags, but no cash. The cannabis was found to have a street value of around £231, and the resin had a value of £2280. During a police interview, Henson answered no comment to all questions put to him, while Williams stated her nephew had been growing the cannabis, but they took over after he was arrested for drug dealing. The 50-year-old also said they were in financial difficulties and claimed she only supplied drugs to her children to keep them away from dealers. Two phones belonging to the defendants were analysed, and showed messages between the couple asking if the other one was ‘on’. Mr Jones said: ‘It is quite clear they were willing participants in this enterprise.’ Messages on Henson’s phone showed requests from people for small amounts of drugs, but also one person asked how much a kilogram of cannabis would cost, and he responded £4,500. Another message showed him being offered half a kilogram of cannabis, but it is not clear if he took it. Mr Jones said the pair had likely been in charge of the operation for three months, but could not determine exact dates. Henson has two previous convictions for battery in 2009 and affray in 2016, and Williams has a caution for possession of amphetamine in 2011. John Weate, defending Henson, said his client accepts his role in the enterprise, and has no relevant previous convictions. He detailed that Henson previously had a successful transport business, which failed because of pressures relating to the pandemic, and his best friend, Williams’ step father, passed away. Mr Weate said Henson moved in with Williams, but because he was not entitled to benefits, he began to drink excessively and then involved himself in this enterprise. However, he said that though the couple separated for a brief period following their arrest, they are now back together, hope to marry this year, and Henson has stopped drinking excessively. Gareth Bellis, defending Williams, reiterated she had financial difficulties when this offending began, and that there were less messages relating to drug dealing on her phone than on her co-defendant’s. He also detailed she had four grown up children, and one of them had mental health issues, and she is a carer. In sentencing, His Honour Judge Denis Watson KC said: ‘The two of you together offered and supplied cannabis and cannabis resin to users. You do not present a danger or risk and do not have records of failing to comply with court orders. ‘There is a realistic prospect of rehabilitation for you both,’ he added. Both defendants were sentenced to 12 months imprisonment suspended for 18 months, and Henson was ordered to complete 25 rehabilitation days, while Williams was told to complete 15. Forfeiture and destruction of the drugs, bags, phone and scales was ordered. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.