Britain’s youngest bus driver is ready to pick up passengers after passing his test – at the age of just 18. Luke Brown is now a qualified bus driver for the National Express in Coventry, West Midlands. He says he ‘loves everything about driving’ and was inspired by his dad, Stuart, who’s been a bus driver for 20 years. After getting his driving licence, Luke went about training to get a Passenger Carrying Vehicle (PCV) licence – which he passed first time with no minors. He said working with his dad would be one of the best things about his new job, along with helping people get around. A full-time driver in Coventry can earn £28,500 – even more with overtime. Luke said: ‘I’m looking forward to spending more time on the road, helping more people get around and working alongside my dad, who has worked for the garage for the past 20 years. ‘Although, now there is a bit of competition between me and dad for who’s the better driver! ‘It feels great to have passed with no minors. I put a lot of time and effort into practising for the test so it’s very satisfying to know my hard work has paid off.’ He said he was also not made to feel ‘silly’ because of his young age, adding: ‘Having a supportive team around me has helped a lot. ‘During my training, no question was too silly and my instructor was calm and informative so I didn’t feel pressured at all, which I believe has really spurred on my development.’ National Express driving trainer officer Darren Dunbar said: ‘To pass a PCV licence at 18 years of age and with zero minors is a major achievement. ‘Each year we have hundreds of drivers start training, out of these, only about two or three pass their test without fault. ‘We were not surprised by Luke’s result. He puts 100 per cent into everything he does and that definitely shows in his driving. ‘I’m really pleased for him, he’s a lovely guy and a great asset to the garage.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.