On Sunday night, Hollywood’s A-listers descended on Los Angeles’s Dolby Theatre to watch the 95th annual Academy Awards. While the show itself was tamer than last year’s slap-gate extravaganza, there were note-worthy moments, historic wins and of course, fashionable faux pas. One such stand-out was Tems – full name Temilade Openiyi – and her over-the-top dress that offered a restricted view to anyone unfortunate enough to be stuck sitting behind her. The singer-songwriter, 27, turned herself into a meme after she donned a luxurious white gown that featured an outrageous mesh headpiece. Nominated for a gong for the song Lift Me Up she co-wrote with megastar Rihanna, the artist did more than just turn heads in the billowing dress made by local brand Lever Couture. As with any out-of-the-ordinary occurrence these days, the musician’s structural headgear blew up the social stratosphere for its disruptive size and shape. Many took to Twitter to offer their thoughts on the ensemble that left guests peering around the star to catch a glimpse of the show on stage. ‘Hate to be the brother next to Tems in the Oscar audience. Fighting for his life,’ one penned. Another joked: ‘Imagine waiting your whole life to be at the Oscars and you end up sitting behind a stratus cloud’. A user posed the words: ‘Interviewer: “what’s your highlight of tonight’s oscar awards”. The man behind Tems: “I couldn’t see anything, Tems stole the show”’, above a picture of the star sitting in the audience. Despite not winning the Oscar on the night she most certainly stole the show from the back benches. Tems wasn’t the only one to raise eyebrows however as history was made on the night by actress Michelle Yeoh of Everything Everywhere All At Once. The multiverse sci-fi epic, directed by Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert, claimed seven prizes including three acting gongs, best directing and best picture, the biggest of the night. Michelle claimed the Oscar for best leading actress, fending off competition from two-time Oscar winner Cate Blanchett to become the first woman from an Asian background to win the prize. Taking to the stage, she said: ‘For all the little boys and girls who look like me, this is a beacon of hope and possibilities. ‘Dream big, dreams do come true. Ladies, never let anyone tell you you are past your prime. ‘This is history in the making.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul Mescal and Daisy Edgar-Jones take adorable Normal People reunion selfie at Oscars MORE : Austin Butler and girlfriend Kaia Gerber cosy up at Oscars afterparty after he revealed why she wasn’t at main event  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 