A former glamour model allegedly helped to sneak £5m in criminal cash into Dubai, a court has heard. Jo-Emma Larvin, 44, is accused of stashing the cash in suitcases as she flew from London Heathrow on two occasios in 2020. Isleworth Crown Court heard that such smugglers would be paid around £3,000 plus expenses and stay in hotels. Larvin’s partner Jonathan Johnson, 55, travelled with her on her second trip to Dubai. Both live together in Ripon, North Yorkshire, The couple both deny removing criminal property from the UK, along with their co-accused; Amy Harrison, 27, from Worcester Park, Surrey, Beatrice Auty, 26, from Fulham, west London, and Liam Rabone, 29, from West Kensington, west London. Members of the alleged smuggling ring would fly business class so they could take more luggage, the court heard. The luggage would be packed with ordinary holiday items to hide the cash. Prosecutors said Ms Larvin and Ms Harrison smuggled an estimated £2.2m across seven cases in August 2020. It was added that £2.8m was smuggled by the couple on a trip in September 2020 across eight cases. Ms Larvin and Mr Johnson were arrested in March 2022. Julian Christopher KC, prosecuting, said: ‘Each of the defendants is alleged to have played a significant part in the transportation of very large amounts of cash – English and Scottish banknotes – out to Dubai from Heathrow. Millions of pounds worth, carried in suitcases checked in as luggage as they were flying as passengers.’ The court heard that the organiser, Abdulla Alfalasi, arranged 83 successful trips over 18 months – the defendants were involved in 16. Two more were unsuccessful. Mr Christopher said: ‘The total amount of cash removed in those 83 occasions is in the region of £100m.’ Anything over €10,000 leaving the EU has to be declared to HMRC. Mr Christopher said the smugglers’ suitcases would typically contain up to £500,000. Mr Christopher added: ‘If these were declared at Heathrow the likelihood is that they would be detained until the source of the money could be determined. So the people carrying the cash had to keep quiet about the cash in the cases as they checked the cases in.’ Jurors heard that the defendants would declare the cash once arriving in Dubai, handing over a letter authorising them to carry it from a company called Omnivest – owned by Alfalasi. Sometimes authorities would check the amount and give them a currency declaration form. The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.