An actual Eurovision icon is returning to the contest and we are not calm. Yes, Loreen, who shot to fame after winning the contest in 2012 for Sweden, will return to represent her country for a second time. Her tune Tattoo has become a massive hit, resulting in her winning Melodifestivalen after the Swedish public backed her as their entry for 2023. The Euphoria hitmaker claimed her second Melfest trophy on Saturday night, beating tough competition from the likes of Norwegian twin stars Marcus & Martinus and Ukrainian singer Maria Sur. Results in the grand final were determined by a 50-50 split of jury votes and public votes. Eight international juries — consisting of music professionals — ranked their favourites and awarded up to 12 points in classic Eurovision style. Meanwhile, the public voted through the Melfest app and were divided into seven age groups, and others votes via phone. Loreen easily triumphed in the international jury vote with 92 points, receiving the maximum 12 points from seven out of eight juries. We’re sure Loreen is on cloud nine right now, but there’s also a lot of pressure on her shoulders, as she’s currently the favourite to win the whole Eurovision Song Contest for a second time. Sharing their joy online, Eurovision fans couldn’t contain their excitement upon learning Loreen would be wowing us at the M&S Bank Arena stage in Liverpool this May. One fanatic tweeted: ‘as an eurovision fan since 2013, i am feeling HONOURED to see an eurovision legend competing once again in the contest and i cant wait to experience how it feels when loreen wins eurovision’. Another penned: ‘loreen proving that she’s THE mother of mothers once again and we LOVEEEE TO SEE IT!!!’ ‘Eurovision girlies will never compare to Loreen’, declared another. TV presenter Rylan Clark was also on hand to congratulate her, as the pair shared an adorable moment when she recognised him in the venue and they screamed with glee. But it hasn’t been an easy road to Eurovision 2023 for Loreen by any means. Just weeks ago, her performance was disrupted by a stage invader, forcing her to start again. A protestor stormed the stage with a sign as the musician belted out her entry song, but she kept her cool and, well, she went on to win, didn’t she! Loreen will compete alongside the United Kingdom’s entrant Mae Muller, who was confirmed this week, with her banger I Wrote A Song. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mae Muller ‘blacked out’ after Eurovision announcement MORE : Sam Smith ‘so proud’ of Mae Muller after Eurovision announcement  