Rio Ferdinand has blasted Liverpool for having a ‘small club mentality’ in the aftermath of their weekend defeat to Bournemouth. Liverpool destroyed Manchester United 7-0 at Anfield on 5 March, their biggest ever win over their arch-rivals just a week on from the Carabao Cup final success over Newcastle United. Jurgen Klopp’s side were brought back down to earth themselves on Saturday, however, losing 1-0 to the Premier League’s bottom side at the Vitality Stadium. Looking back on how Liverpool celebrated their famous victory, Ferdinand told Five: ‘That is a small club mentality. That screams small club. Screaming and celebrating when you beat Man United.’ Liverpool legends Graeme Souness and Jamie Carragher gleefully celebrated the 7-0 win in the company of United greats Roy Keane and Gary Neville in the Sky Sports studio that day. Taking aim at the pair, Ferdinand said: ‘The way Souness and Carragher were celebrating, the way they were trying to antagonise the guys [Roy Keane and Gary Neville], and then their team goes and does that at the weekend. ‘They should be ashamed of themselves.’ Defeat at Bournemouth saw Liverpool remain in sixth place with Tottenham and Newcastle United both getting wins at the weekend. Jurgen Klopp’s side remain six points off the top four and eight behind United, who remain in third despite a goalless draw with Southampton. ‘Setbacks are setbacks but we are in the situation we are because of the setbacks, that’s how it is,’ Klopp said after the defeat. ;And we are in the situation we are because of the good performances as well; we didn’t have only setbacks but we had too many, that’s clear. ‘Today was a proper one, no doubt about that. Now we have to deal with it and we will deal with it. ‘One of the things we learned this season was to deal with setbacks. We have to make sure we recover properly because on Wednesday we have obviously a big game as well.’ Liverpool take on Real Madrid in the Spanish capital in the second leg of their Champions League last 16 tie on Wednesday, trailing 5-2 from the first leg. MORE : Alejandro Garnacho injury ‘worse than first feared’ with Manchester United starlet expected to miss Argentina games MORE : Manchester United will not appeal Casemiro red card with midfielder facing four game ban For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 