Katie Price seems to be enjoying her singledom despite mounting speculation she has reconciled with her former partner Carl Woods. It was just earlier this week that ex-Love Island star Carl, 33, sparked rumours he was back with the reality star, 44, when he appeared to get a particularly large tattoo of her face inked on his chest. Last month, he was also said to have joined Katie on holiday in Thailand with her two youngest children, Jett, nine, and Bunny, eight. However, it appears as though Katie is very much a single lady as she shared a cryptic – or not so cryptic – meme about being free of relationship baggage. ‘The best thing about being single is…,’ the meme began, before listing off: ‘No drama, no fighting, no crying, no worries, no confusion, no heartbreak.’ Katie and Carl began dating in the summer of 2020 and he proposed the following April after less than a year of dating. However, they’ve since been on and off and the car dealer was seemingly the one to break-up with the former glamour model, accusing her of cheating on him in an Instagram post. He told his followers in November: ‘So, there’s no easy way for me to say this and to be honest with you, it’s quite embarrassing. ‘But me and Katie are not together anymore. I found out yesterday that Katie cheated on me. She’s admitted that she cheated on me. She slept with somebody else. ‘So yeah, that’s the end of that, I guess. I’m just gonna have to focus on rebuilding myself and get my life back on track, and concentrating on me but that’s done.’ Carl has only added to the confusion about the status of their relationship but getting a tattoo apparently in tribute to Katie. The tattoo shows the portrait of a woman with long hair who also has the mother-of-five’s signature lips. In the snaps, uploaded by a Gloucester-based studio, Carl is seen laying down on the artist’s bed while the professional got to work drawing the permanent picture. The next image shows the star standing up as he proudly debuts his latest addition. Describing the icon as a ‘Mexican day of the dead girl’, the studio revealed it was ‘made to look similar to Katie’. They also noted Carl to be Katie’s ‘boyfriend’ as they uploaded the photos on their public Instagram page, adding fuel to the swirling rumours that their on-again off-again romance has been rekindled. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Helen Skelton ‘growing close’ to Strictly Come Dancing pro Vito Coppola MORE : Victoria Beckham shares emotional tribute to son Brooklyn after reuniting with his wife Nicola Peltz for birthday celebrations 