A terminally-ill mum has tied the knot with her partner in a beautiful hospital wedding ceremony with the help of the nurses there. Lacey Page wed Kyle Page, who popped the question on Valentine’s Day, and had her young daughters, Daisy, 10, Olivia, nine, and Kyla, three, as bridesmaids as they exchanged vows. Nurses helped the 34-year-old and her partner of five years organise the wedding in just three days at Birmingham’s Queen Elizabeth Hospital. The dress, tailoring and cakes were taken care of by clinical nurse specialists, supported by the team from Ward 625, and staff used coloured paper and a hole punch to create confetti at the last minute. Macmillan clinical nurse specialist, Rachel Ede, who led the arrangements, said: ‘When Kyle proposed, we wanted Lacey and Kyle both to have the most special day, surrounded by their lovely children and family. ‘We were able to leap into action as a team of upper GI clinical nurse specialists along with the Ward 625 team to source a stunning dress, in which Lacey looked just beautiful, suit fittings for the groom who looked dashing, and we arranged the registrar to marry them – also arranging a blessing from the hospital chaplain. ‘Lacey’s family and friends arranged the gorgeous flowers and balloons to make it that much more special.’ Lacey was diagnosed with stomach cancer in January, and was given the crushing news that it was sadly incurable. She said: ‘The nurses have done an amazing job, and I’m so grateful for the beautiful day they were able to put together in such a short amount of time.’ Fay Prince, Upper GI clinical nurse specialist, said of the planning process: ‘There have been lots of smiles, laughter and tears as we worked to make sure Lacey’s wedding goes off without a hitch. ‘It is amazing to see that so many came together to give Lacey, Kyle and family these special moments to treasure forever. ‘At the last minute we remembered we had forgotten the confetti, and in a flurry we found some coloured paper and a hole punch, making our own confetti to give Lacey and Kyle a little bit of extra wedding magic. ‘We’re so happy to have been able to make this happen for Lacey and Kyle.’ Hospital chief executive Jonathan Brotherton said: ‘Well done to these amazing colleagues who always pull out all the stops for our patients. ‘It makes me so proud that our teams are able to do such amazing things like this, which, even if given six months’ planning time, is a lot to arrange. ‘To Lacey and Kyle, from our UHB family to yours, congratulations on your marriage, we hope to have helped you make some very special and treasured memories, and we all wish you and your family all the very best.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Foreign accent syndrome and the American man who turned ‘Irish’ after getting prostate cancer MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a breast cancer lab manager – we discovered the BRCA2 gene’ MORE : Tesco is now selling home testing kits for health conditions like bowel cancer