This ‘horrifying’ footage shows the moment a lithium electric motorbike battery exploded, sparking a house fire which led to five people needing hospital treatment. It captures a homeowner in Illingworth, Halifax, rushing downstairs in the middle of the night after being woken by a popping noise. Seconds later, the battery explodes, lighting up the living room and engulfing the house in flames. Five people inside the property at the time were taken to hospital following the blaze, which broke out at around 1am on February 24. All had smoke inhalation, while one also suffered burns to their mouth and windpipe. West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service (WYFRS) has now warned people of the dangers of lithium batteries and urged them not to leave them charging unattended. Watch manager John Cavalier said: ‘While fires involving lithium batteries are common, having a video showing the violence of the fire’s development is not. ‘It’s clear to see in the video that the fire is absolutely horrifying – none of us would want this to happen in our homes.’ He said the popping sound indicated the e-motorbike batteries were failing due to ‘thermal runway’ – when too much heat is generated within a battery. WM Cavalier went on: ‘Because lithium batteries can be found in a range of items, we frequently attend fires involving them. They can be found in cars, bikes, scooters, laptops, phones, and e-cigarettes, amongst many other items. ‘Any other type of fire we deal with has usually developed slowly, and people are able to get out quickly. However, battery fires are so ferocious and spread so quickly that there isn’t as much time to escape. ‘To help keep everyone in your family safe, don’t leave lithium batteries to charge unattended, don’t put them in the way of exits or in hallways and unplug chargers when the batteries are at full capacity. ‘I’d like to thank the owner of the house who gave us permission to use the video – it clearly shows the dangers associated with lithium batteries and could help to save lives in West Yorkshire.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.