Shocking photos depict the ‘rancid’ conditions disabled teenager Kaylea Titford was forced to live in for months before she eventually died due to the gross neglect of her parents. Kaylea, 16, who suffered from spina bifida, was left to die at home in Newton, Wales, after her parents allowed her to become morbidly obese during lockdown. The disabled teenager weighed 22 st 13 lb with a BMI of 70 at the time of her death, and her body was discovered inside her bedroom in conditions described as ‘unfit for any animal’. Photos of Kaylea’s bedroom taken by investigators showed an infestation of fly larvae and maggots in her clothing and bedsheets, while a hoist used to lift the young girl into bed was covered in fly dirt and other excrement. A bottle of urine and a catheter was spotted in the corner of the room, along with a chip fryer and a large box of cake, while absorbent pads were strewn across the floor of the bathroom. When police arrived at the scene, the stench of unwashed faeces was so strong that one officer was ‘almost sick’ from the smell. On Wednesday, Kaylea’s parents Alun Titford  and Sarah Lloyd-Jones were jailed for seven years and six months and six years respectively for the gross negligence manslaughter at Swansea Crown Court. During the trial, the court heard how the teen had been unable to move herself from her bed for months before her death in October 2020 and had not used the shower or toilet since before the March lockdown earlier that year. Caroline Rees KC, prosecuting, said: ‘By the time of her death between October 9-10, Kaylea Titford was living in conditions unfit for any animal, let alone for a vulnerable 16-year-old girl who depended on others for her care. ‘Kaylea lived and died in squalor and degradation.’ Emergency crews were called to her home following a 999 call made by Kaylea’s grandmother. Upon arrival, paramedics found her sat upright in bed with her clothes soiled and her back covered in sores. Kaylea’s armpits were almost black and she had ‘weeping, raw’ ulcers so deep they went down to the bone. There were maggots on her body as well where she had ‘lain in her own filth’ as well as all over her absorbent pads and soiled bedsheets. The maggots were said to have been ‘feeding on the body itself’ for at least 48 hours. Prior to the first Covid lockdown in 2020, Kaylea was described as a ‘fiercely independent’ girl who engaged in wheelchair sports at school and had hopes of becoming a Paralympian. But during lockdown she quickly gained weight after her parents fed her takeaways ‘four or five times a week’ and became confined to her bed after she outgrew her wheelchair. It was heard that £1,035.76 was spent on takeaways in the last three months of Kaylea’s life. Passing sentence on Sarah Lloyd-Jones and Alun Titford, Mr Justice Griffiths said the parents had committed ‘shocking and prolonged neglect over lockdown’. ‘(Kaylea) would not allow people so much as to push her wheelchair or open a door for her. Everything she could do for herself, she did,’ the judge said. ‘But she died just after her 16th birthday. ‘You, Sarah Lloyd-Jones, her mother, and you, Alun Titford, her father, caused her death by shocking and prolonged neglect over lockdown. ‘Which you, by your guilty plea, Sarah Lloyd-Jones, and the jury by a unanimous verdict, Alun Titford, have proved to be gross negligence manslaughter on your part. ‘For those crimes, I now pass sentence.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.