Aston Martin have been accused of copying Red Bull’s car following their impressive showing at the Formula One season opener in Bahrain. While Max Verstappen led home a dominant Red Bull 1-2 in Sakhir, it was Fernando Alonso who got the headlines after finishing on the podium on his Aston Martin debut. His teammate Lance Stroll came sixth despite being in great pain throughout the grand prix weekend after undergoing wrist surgery following a bike accident. This has lead many to believe that the team who came seventh in the standings last year may actually be Red Bull’s closest challengers this year ahead of Ferrari and Mercedes. As well as recruiting two-time world champion Alonso, Aston Martin have recruited well behind the scenes, not least with the poaching of technical director Dan Fallows from Red Bull. Even so, such a rapid turnaround in performance is unprecedented and many are questioning how it has been achieved, with some pointing out that the AMR23 car looks strikingly similar to the RB18 which won the championship in 2022. ‘It’s true that what Fallows had in his head cannot be erased,’ Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko remarked. ‘Copying the focus is not prohibited, but can you copy in such detail without having documentation of our car? We had three Red Bulls on the podium, only the last one with a different engine.’ This is not the first time the Silverstone-based outfit have been accused of copying the title-winning car from the previous year. In 2020, when they were known as Racing Point, the Lawrence Stroll-owned team turned up to pre-season testing with a very fast car that rivals quickly called out for being a carbon copy of Mercedes’ 2019 machine. The ‘Pink Mercedes’ or ‘Tracing Point’ as it was referred to earned the team an impressive fourth place finish in the championship but also got them fined and deducted points after it was found they had directly copied some parts of the Mercedes W10. Marko has not been the first to call out the similarities between the AMR23 and the RB18, though he is the first to do so in a serious manner. Red Bull driver Sergio Perez joked in the post-race press conference: ‘It’s nice to see three Red Bull cars on the podium!’ Red Bull team principal Christian Horner added: ‘The Aston looks a good car. Based on one race, you’d have to say they were the second strongest here. ‘They’ve obviously done a good job over the winter. They say imitation is the biggest form of flattery and, you know, it’s good to see the old car doing so well.’ The F1 season continues with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on March 19. MORE : Fernando Alonso’s heroics can’t mask the truth – title battle could be a major turn-off MORE : George Russell says ‘Red Bull should win every race this season’ following dominant Bahrain Grand Prix win For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 