A close ally of Russia recently rumoured to have been poisoned has met with Vladimir Putin. Ramzan Kadyrov, Chechnya’s authoritarian warlord leader, attended a meeting with the Russian president at the Kremlin on Monday to discuss the state of affairs in the North Caucasian Russian republic. A video circulated online by the BBC shows Mr Kadyrov, a staunch supporter of the invasion of Ukraine, sitting opposite the Russian president and reading from a set of notes on issues like road safety, clean water and education. Recently, reports have emerged that Mr Kadyrov’s health has seriously deteriorated due to ongoing kidney problems. This led to speculation that the Chechen autocrat may have been the victim of a ‘targeted’ poisoning. The autocrat has reportedly sought the help of UAE doctors because he ‘does not trust’ doctors from Russia. The rumours have also been further fuelled by a solo meeting last week, held at the Kremlin but not reported by the president’s press office, between Mr Putin and Kadyrov’s son Akhmat, ostensibly to discuss ‘youth services’ in Chechnya. Representing the first time someone other than Ramzan has met with the Russian president on behalf of the republic in more than 20 years, some pundits took the solo summit as evidence the younger Kadyrov is being sized up as a replacement for his father. Telegram channel Vremennoye Pravilelstvo reported last week: ‘The meeting of Kadyrov’s son with Putin surprisingly coincided with reports that Kadyrov fell seriously ill. ‘He has problems with the kidneys. He might well retire. ‘So it is possible that Kadyrov Jr was presented to the president as a successor to the post of head of Chechnya. ‘Some may object that an underage man is too young to hold positions. ‘But in Chechnya all people with the surname Kadyrov miraculously get positions beyond their age – apparently, because of their talents.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.