Olivia Wilde and Florence Pugh both made glam appearances at a pre-Oscars party in LA on Friday, however, according to guests, made sure to keep their distance. Speculation has been rife for months that there was trouble behind the scenes of Don’t Worry Darling, the Wilde-directed psychological thrilled that starred Pugh, with the pair reportedly ‘screaming at each other on set’. Despite the film hitting cinemas last year, the stars haven’t been able to shake rift rumours and weren’t photographed together at this weekend’s bash. Pugh, 27, and 39-year-old Wilde were both dressed to the nines for the Creative Artists Agency’s party at the Sunset Tower Hotel, and while ‘schmoozing’ with other attendees, they ‘didn’t interact’. Page Six reports that the talented women ‘kept their distance’ and quoted sources seemingly in attendance who said they ‘definitely did not see them interact’. Also at the party were the likes of Danny DeVito, Rita Ora and Taika Waititi, Eiza González, Hailee Steinfeld, Cate Blanchett and Pedro Pascal. As for Pugh and Wilde, Vulture was told in September that the former is thought to have become fed up with the latter’s frequent absences on set. The source said: ‘Olivia and Harry [Styles] would just disappear’. Wilde famously struck up a romance with the One Direction star during filming, however the pair called it quits late last year. The Booksmart director has spoken out against rumours of a rift on her film set and has chosen to heap praise on her co-star in interviews when discussing Don’t Worry Darling, recently telling Vanity Fair: ‘Florence did the job I hired her to do, and she did it exquisitely. ‘She blew me away. Every day I was in awe of her, and we worked very well together.’ Wilde added: ‘It is ironic that now, with my second film – which is again about the incredible power of women, what we’re capable of when we unite, and how easy it is to strip a woman of power by using other women to judge and shame them – we’re talking about this.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Wilde and Pugh for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who was Erin Maroney Fraser? Saturday Night Live pays tribute to late writer after her death aged 53 MORE : Top Gun: Maverick aerial coordinator praises ‘incredible’ Tom Cruise and moment on set that gave him ‘goosebumps’ ahead of big Oscars moment  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 