‘Look at those tiny arms and love handles,’ I told myself as I looked at my body in the mirror. This was in 2019, when I was 34. I didn’t realise it at the time but what was staring back was me at my muscliest – with a 44 inch chest, 17 inch arms and 34 inch waist. All with help from anabolic steroids. I’d been using steroids for about four years on and off, but it was a hidden addiction to attempt to curb the undiagnosed body dysmorphia I’ve had since I was around 12. Growing up, I was severely bullied at my school. I was a fat, gay, ginger kid – so I ended up being a bit of a loner. I’d do anything to avoid the daily onslaught of name calling, items thrown at me and being punched. When I looked in the mirror, I saw myself as all of the negative things others had said – and why would they be wrong? I just wanted to change my appearance. I never excelled at team sports, but I decided to start going to the gym at the age of 17. It was something I could do alone and I thought that it would help increase my confidence. It was tough at first and I remember being sore for a long time, but the results came in quick, losing body fat and finally seeing some muscle outlines. I ended up becoming fixated with healthy eating and training in my twenties. I was obsessed with reading labels, tried every single fad diet out there, and would gaslight myself into thinking that I was feeling great. In reality, I was depleted and looking haggard – not eating properly, and surviving on coffee. I’d obsess about the gym if I hadn’t finished my weekly routine of visiting six times a week, for two hours – and never let myself enjoy so much as a birthday cake. I also regularly broke my own rules and would binge eat until I felt disgusting. When I started to venture onto London’s gay scene around the age of 21, my body insecurities increased exponentially. It felt to me like most people in gay nightclubs had big muscles, so I thought that’s what I needed to fit in. Here, all my childhood issues subconsciously resurfaced and I found myself doing what I could to make myself more attractive – at least, what I understood that to mean at the time. This included taking dieting and training more seriously, but also turning to anabolic steroids to feel like I could finally fit in. On the surface, it seemed that this would fix everything. Most of the people I spoke to at the gym took them – not to mention, a lot of people within the gay community that I came across too. Through my previous work as a drug addiction counsellor, I thought I knew the basics of how to use steroids ‘safely’, but I had also spoken to a few people who did them too. I didn’t really care about the quality or the side-effects, I just wanted to be bigger. The drug was a very common conversation on the gay scene, at least within the social circles I found myself – and it only took a few messages to find a number. Within a day, I’d placed my order. I was quite nervous about taking them at first. It was something new for my body and I think deep down I knew they weren’t good for me. I ended up pushing that aside for what I thought was the greater good. Physically, I felt a rush of energy when first taking them, meaning I could train harder. Unfortunately, the side-effects started a couple of weeks into my first cycle. I developed insomnia and wasn’t even able to go to the shops in case I got shin splints – a pain along the shin bone, meaning I couldn’t walk that far. I also accepted the fact that the smallest thing made me anxious – the email pinging sound on my laptop, being in traffic, or someone not replying to my texts – but I felt I could deal with it to get the body I wanted. Most conversations with ‘friends’ who did steroids involved what cycle you were taking, or what sleeping tablet you were using. These discussions happened alongside ones about mood changes, neuroticism, muscle cramps and male-pattern hair loss, too. All these eventually affected me, including hair loss – which I eventually underwent a hair transplant for. It all just felt so normalised at the time. Unfortunately, despite the horrific side effects, I effectively gaslit myself that what I was doing was the right thing as I was gaining muscle, losing fat, eating what I wanted and having a fair amount of energy – even if it came at a cost. All in all, I took the drug for four years. I was so fearful of coming off them and physically going back to that person I was before. Of course, all my insecurities were still there too. I didn’t love myself at all. I mean, how could I if I still hadn’t unpacked my childhood? This work started with a psychotherapist in 2015 – about a year after I started using steroids – which I’d initially sought out to help with some anxiety issues and address the reasons why I felt so uncomfortable in my own skin. I also knew I wanted to get out of this cycle of self-hate and feel better about my body to stop using, but I found it hard to talk about my addiction because I was so ashamed. Over the next few years, I tried different types of therapies and natural remedies to try to change my thought process behind why I needed to keep taking performance-enhancing drugs. But it was actually ayahuasca – a plant-based psychedelic from the Amazon – that helped me get to that place. I decided to go down the psychedelic route because I needed to fully challenge my ego, and just let go of all the anger, trauma and hurt and finally forgive myself. I appreciate it’s something out of the ordinary and there are differing opinions around them, but I felt I needed it to take me out of the destructive path. Thankfully, this truly worked for me. It’s essentially like being in a spiritual washing machine where you completely have to let go of the way you think about yourself. The result was that I became more comfortable in my own skin and less desire to compete with others, which meant I didn’t need to take steroids anymore. Instead of yearning for a big layer of protective muscle, I no longer felt I needed to put a mask on around people I met. I’ve now been off them for over a year and don’t feel any urges to start taking them again. Steroids were a tool to keep me in that self-competitive cycle of never feeling good enough, and now I feel content and mostly relaxed in my own body. These days, I go to the gym and eat for my health, rather than to gain a few kilograms of muscle with a host of side effects. I also no longer count calories, or the amount of protein I have – I eat sensibly and enjoy my food. Now I’ve really worked on myself, I found a new way of working with others in my role as a nutritionist. I even wrote a book called Naked Nutrition: An LGBTQ+ Guide to Diet and Lifestyle. I wanted to be able to be able to provide help and support for those who are in similar situations. It also offers tailored advice for gay men considering anabolic steroids and what they can consider instead. I believe it’s important to address past traumas and self-love or you will always be stuck when it comes to dieting and training. Now, when I look in the mirror, I may not see my physical self as the muscliest version of me, but I’m finally at peace. I can see my experience of life and a deep appreciation for how far I have come – and that’s the best thing I could ever ask for. Daniel is an award-winning nutritionist and author of Naked Nutrition, the world’s first LGBTQ+ specific nutrition and lifestyle book. You can now buy Daniel’s book at Amazon.co.uk here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Hugh Jackman shuts down rumours he took steroids while playing Wolverine: ‘I’ve got to be careful what I say here’ MORE : Will Smith had visions of losing his career while tripping on ayahuasca: ‘It was the most hellish experience of my life’ MORE : ‘It completely destroys your life’: The  young men getting hooked on steroids