West Oxfordshire District Council has branded Jeremy Clarkson’s Amazon Prime video ‘misleading’. This comes after the new series follows the Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? host storm out of a council meeting after clashing with officials when they refuse his plans to build a restaurant on his Diddly Squat farm site. West Oxfordshire District Council were involved in the battles over planning permission, and released a statement shortly after Clarkson’s Farm season two episodes aired insisting that the presenter was treated ‘no differently’ to anyone else. And they’ve now hit out at the way the meeting was portrayed in the series, in which numerous councillors voted against the planning permission, before Clarkson drives off in his car, bitterly swearing. In a statement, the council said: ‘The planning meeting shown in Clarkson’s Farm ran for well over an hour but was covered in a matter of minutes in the show. ‘This meant that a lot of discussion from the meeting was missed, including a lot of very relevant legal planning advice and discussion that informed the decision taken by councillors. ‘The “dark skies” argument that featured in the programme was a very small part of the overall discussion and was not the reason for refusal of planning permission.’ The council spokesperson continued to Oxford Mail: ‘Usually for applications like this, a business would speak to us so we can support it ensuring an application is compliant with planning policy. ‘We would have been happy to do that in this case, however, Diddly Squat Farm did not engage with us nor follow advice from our planners when pulling together the application. ‘Throughout series two of Clarkson’s Farm a lot of information was not included, or appears to have been misleading for viewers, leading to the narrative promoted by the series that the council has a vendetta against Mr Clarkson.’ The statement went on to provide examples of what was ‘omitted’ in the show, saying: ‘A good example of this was the “refusal” of the farm track where the show omitted the fact that Diddly Squat Farm had applied retrospectively for work that can only be applied for in advance meaning the council had no choice under law but to refuse it.’ In response, a spokesperson for Clarkson’s farm told the publication: ‘Naturally not every element of filming makes the final edit of the programmes, however the episode covered both sides of the debate and the outcome of the meeting.’ The second series of Clarkson’s Amazon series shows another year in the farm with new animals and crops as well as Clarkson’s dealings with the local council. Clarkson, who purchased the farm in 2008 and started running it himself in 2019, received a poor reaction from some villagers when he expanded the business to include a farm shop and restaurant. He previously said there were ‘plenty’ of other locals who appeared to be more receptive, and even encouraging of his work. An order for the closing of the restaurant was appealed by Clarkson last year following two planning applications being rejected by West Oxfordshire District Council. He subsequently said he ‘no longer wished’ for a restaurant and wanted to develop on-site parking in a letter to the council in January. Clarkson’s Farm seasons one and two are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Clarkson’s Farm star Kaleb Cooper thought Jeremy Clarkson was a ‘muppet’ when they first met MORE : Jeremy Clarkson voted ‘UK’s sexiest man’ by thousands of women despite reputation for vile comments 