Love Island’s Jack Keating has welcomed his first child. The reality TV star, who is the son of singer Ronan Keating, confirmed the exciting news on Thursday, eight months after he left the Love Island villa. He was one of Casa Amor 2022’s bombshells but went home shortly after entering the villa in July as none of the OG islanders chose to couple up with him. Sharing a sweet black-and-white photo of himself cradling his newborn this week, 23-year-old Jack wrote: ‘Welcome to the world my little [princess emoji].’ He has not yet confirmed the identity of the tot’s mum. When it was revealed that Jack, who works in social media marketing, was joining the Love Island line-up, his dad Ronan admitted at the time that he felt ‘nervous as hell’. ‘When I saw him walk into the villa my heart was beating out of my chest,’ the singer shared at the time. He added: ‘I’m excited for him though, this is something he wanted to do, and I’ll always support him and all my kids in their endeavours.’ Ronan shares Jack with his ex-wife, model Yvonne Connolly, who he was married to from 1998 to 2015 and with whom he had three children. Since 2015, he’s been married to fashion designer Storm Uechtritz, with whom he has two children. After appearing on Love Island, Jack claimed that he and Gemma Owen were asked to bring up the same conversation about their famous dads on the show so that the producers could get ‘more footage’. When this year’s series began, one of the biggest talking points about the new cast was the fact that Gemma is the 19-year-old daughter of England footballing legend Michael Owen. ‘I think the biggest, most surprising thing for me is just like how many times they have to build things if they want to get different shots, different angles, different conversations,’ he told MailOnline. ‘The [producers] will ask you again to sit down and have the same conversation again and bring up the same sort of things. That’s what I thought was the most surprising thing.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice finalist Joey Essex opens up on awkward kiss with Vanessa Bauer: ‘I was pied’ MORE : Harry and Meghan ‘expected at coronation’ as Palace ‘draws up seating plans’ 