FC United of Wrexham are delighted with their under-12s’ new Deadpool-themed kit, which was funded by the man himself, Ryan Reynolds. The 46-year-old movie star put a smile on a few young faces after the team set up a GoFundMe page to raise £480 for a new kit, and Ryan took it upon himself to give them the whole thing – and more. Just when we thought we couldn’t love Ryan anymore, not only did the Deadpool actor donate the full amount, but he tripled it and gifted the team £1,600. Now the under-12 futsal team are grinning from ear to ear as the new kit, which sports the Deadpool logo on its arm, arrived just yesterday. The team’s chairman, Andrew Ruscoe, said the star’s donation had kept the club’s ‘dreams going’ and given them ‘hope for the future’. The Marvel superhero told the chair he was ‘so happy’ the young team were excited by the arrival of the kit. In a message Ryan added: ‘Hopefully I’ll have an opportunity to come visit the team this year’. This comes after Ryan and fellow actor Robert McElhenney bought Wrexham AFC in 2020 in a bold Hollywood takeover. The pair made the film Welcome to Wrexham to document the historic move, which sees them take on one of the oldest clubs in the world. At the time of the initial GoFundMe request, Kayleigh Barton said her son Keegen and his team on the under-12 team had a new kit all designed, but they needed a donation to make it a reality. Writing on the charity page, Kayleigh said: ‘I will appreciate any help and donations towards this!’ But little did she know her post would attract the attention of Hollywood icon Ryan, who went on to make the two donations totaling £1,600. The mother responded when she saw the generous donation: ‘I had an email saying that Ryan had donated the full £600 and when I clicked on the link and saw it was Ryan Reynolds I was overjoyed.’ She continued: ‘I was nearly in tears. I know how much that money means to the club and the lads. Happy is an understatement.’ We love you Ryan. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kings Of Leon will play at Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney’s Wrexham AFC stadium MORE : Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney set to play football for Wrexham  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 