A very buff Jake Gyllenhaal got into a tussle with a former mixed martial artist but fear not, it was for his new movie, Road House. The Donnie Darko actor, 42, plays an ex-UFC fighter who takes a job as a bouncer at a rowdy Florida Keys bar in the upcoming remake. The Spider-Man star will give his own take on the iconic role of John Dalton, who was portrayed by Patrick Swayze in the 1989 original blockbuster. Jake was spotted very much in a character while shooting scenes for Road House, which will premiere on Amazon Prime in due course. The Brokeback Mountain performer appeared on stage shirtless after the UFC  285 ceremonial weigh-ins on Friday in Las Vegas. Standing up on the podium, Jake flaunted his physical transformation for the part, which has seen him gain some very enviable abs. As he riled up the audience and flexed his bulging biceps, the Nightcrawler actor was met by his ‘opponent’ former UFC fighter Jay Hieron, 46. Jay followed Jake’s suit and whipped off his shirt before putting on some shades while the audience booed. The fighter then squared up to the Love & Other Drugs star which, it can be safe to say, did not go down well. Jake responded to the confrontation by slapping Jay across the face (all in the spirit of the film, of course) with a member of the crew forced to tear them apart. Speaking to the compere, Jake shouted: ‘Man, this f***er just makes me laugh because he’s a f***ing joke. ‘Let’s go. Just give me the belt, give it to me.’ Road House is being directed by Doug Liman from a script by Anthony Bagarozzi and Charles Mondry. ‘I’m thrilled to put my own spin on the beloved Road House legacy,’ Liman shared in a statement. ‘And I can’t wait to show audiences what Jake and I are going to do with this iconic role.’ Plans for a remake with Jake and Liman were first reported in 2021, with the project being developed by MGM. In March 2022, Amazon closed a deal to purchase MGM for $8.5 billion (£6.97 billion). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jake Gyllenhaal fans utterly confused with shocked reaction to being told he starred in The Day After Tomorrow with Dennis Quaid MORE : Jake Gyllenhaal hopes to become a dad one day after being an uncle ‘changed’ him  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 