Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was spotted furiously screaming at a pitch-invading Liverpool fan who appeared to hurt left-back Andy Robertson. The supporter ran onto the pitch as the Reds went 7-0 up against Manchester United in the 88th minute to join in with the players’ celebrations but appeared to slip and injure Robertson, taking him out by the ankle. The Scotland international looked in pain as security got on top of the fan and he was eventually dragged away by stewards. Robertson was able to continue but as the supporter was brought past Klopp, the German manager was seen shouting at the fan in anger at what had happened. Klopp lauded Robertson after the game as he heaped praise on seven of his star players following Liverpool’s biggest-ever competitive win against United. ‘Robbo is Robbo,’ Klopp said. ‘He had a 90 minute break [after being rested against Wolves] and I though he benefited from that today. ‘A top performance today, a flying Scotsman! That’s a top situation.’ Klopp added: ‘In a way I think everybody saw how good the boys could be. ‘Nobody was in doubt about Darwin [Nunez’s] future impact when he settles because he is a real force of nature. ‘But Cody [Gakpo] plays in the most difficult area in the pitch against a man-marking side which is super tricky. ‘How he keeps himself on the feet and has the overview for everyone else. ‘Mo [Salah] is Mo. You could see today, and the other night against Wolves, that having Diogo [Jota] back is super important that we can give the other boys breaks here and there. ‘Harvey [Elliott] played a top game the other night against Wolves. ‘[He] had the highest counter-pressing outcome of any player in the Premier League this season. ‘If that is not a qualification for starting again, I don’t know one to be honest. He is super important for us on the ball as well. [Jordan Henderson], didn’t start the last game. What a performance tonight, absolutely incredible.’ MORE : Jurgen Klopp reveals why he snubbed fist pump with Liverpool fans after 7-0 win vs Man Utd MORE : Jamie Carragher on why Jurgen Klopp didn't over-celebrate 7-0 win over Man Utd 