Sadio Mane has no doubt that Jurgen Klopp is ‘the right man’ to lead Liverpool back to glory despite their struggles this season. Liverpool are enduring their worst season since Klopp’s arrival in 2015, with the club knocked out early from both domestic cups and on the verge of Champions League elimination after losing 5-2 to Real Madrid last week. Moreover, the Reds are currently seventh in the Premier League, nine points off the top four, with Klopp admitting that if they do not pick up results soon they could miss out on UCL qualification for the first time in seven years. They do have two games in hand over fourth-placed Tottenham though and can close the gap on Wednesday night when they host Wolves. But if their poor form continues, some believe a beleaguered looking Klopp could shockingly leave Anfield despite his wishes to stay. Several factors have been blamed for why Liverpool have fallen so far from the high of last season, with many believing that the side are missing legendary forward Mane who departed for Bayern Munich last summer. The Senegal international was a pivotal player for Klopp and the side simply haven’t looked the same since he left, but the 30-year-old is sure that his former team can bounce back. Speaking to German outlet Bild, Mane said: ‘Liverpool will be back, I’m convinced they will overcome this situation. ‘They had many injuries and tough tests, but Jurgen Klopp is definitely the right man. He will lead Liverpool back up, from this season – the players love him.’ Over the course of six seasons, Mane played 269 times for Liverpool, scoring 120 goals and recording 48 assists, winning the Premier League, Champions League, FA Cup, League Cup and Club World Cup. So far at Bayern, he has 15 goal contributions in just 24 games, but has struggled with injuries, though he claims to have no regrets, adding: ‘When I decided to leave Liverpool, I only wanted to go to Bayern, to the Bundesliga. ‘I know the league from my time in Salzburg, I didn’t watch Premier League back then, but the Bundesliga. Bayern was very attractive to me back then. The history of the club is attractive – that was the case for me when I decided to move to Munich.’ MORE : Glen Johnson singles out ‘disappointing’ Virgil van Dijk for criticism amid Liverpool struggles MORE : N’Golo Kante set to sign new three-year deal at Chelsea For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 