Toilets, bags of cannabis plants and entire caravans – they’ve all been dumped on fields belonging to Will Oliver in the past month. The Leicestershire farmer’s land is one of the worst spots in the UK for fly-tipping, and it’s costing him thousands to clear up. But now he’s leading the effort to highlight the issue of people treating the countryside like their enormous personal rubbish tip. Will has been documenting some of his more absurd discoveries on his TikTok and Twitter accounts. In one video, the 34-year-old shows a glorious sunset over Swepstone Fields Farm in Coalville, with the view blocked off by an abandoned caravan. He said: ‘In the last few weeks we have had six caravans dumped in our fields, and they’re usually filled with rubbish or old tyres. ‘The waste collection website said it costs around £1,000 to remove a caravan and when we clear a big pile of rubbish away ourselves it costs us anywhere from £300 to £500. ‘I reckon in the last year we have spent £4,000 removing rubbish from our land. ‘We can’t claim this back on the insurance and it is affecting our business.’ Will is an ambassador for Clean Up Britain, a campaign group pushing to make penalties for fly-tipping harsher. He and his wife Polly, 31, want to see the maximum £50,000 fine for offenders to be handed out more often. He said: ‘If people were fined for the fly-tipping and their crimes were published in the press, it might deter people from doing it. ‘But this is not happening enough so people don’t think they will be caught and are not scare to dump their rubbish on other people’s land. ‘People think a £50,000 fine is too much but we would easily spend this in a ten-year period removing the rubbish from our site.’ The waste-dumping menace has got worse since Covid, according to Will – a view that appears to be backed up by official statistics. Government figures show the worst year for fly-tipping was 2020-21, with 1.14 million incidents. There were only slightly fewer in the most recent data, with 1.09 million in 2021-22, while 980,000 were recorded in 2019-20. Will said: ‘People have become careless now and just think dropping rubbish and fly-tipping is normal and this needs to stop. ‘We need the fines to be taken seriously for the fly-tipping to stop.’ It’s not just the countryside bearing the brunt of the issue: an accumulation of dumped waste led to a street in Birmingham being dubbed ‘Britain’s grottiest’ last month. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.