A missing infant found in the search for Constance Marten and Mark Gordon’s newborn baby was discovered in a plastic bag, a court has heard. The couple arrived separately for an appearance today at Crawley Magistrates’ Court. Marten, 35, and Gordon, 48, spoke only to confirm their names, dates of birth and that they were of no fixed abode during a hearing in front of a packed courtroom. They were remanded into custody. The court heard the remains of a baby were found in a plastic bag under some nappies in an allotment shed. Their baby was a girl called Victoria, the charge sheet confirmed. Gordon wore a grey jumper over his head throughout the hearing and Marten looked straight ahead. Remanding Marten and Gordon into custody, chairwoman of the bench of magistrates Carol Lintott said: ‘You are both here today… on charges of manslaughter, concealment of the birth of a child and perverting the course of justice. ‘We are sending the case to the crown court sitting at the Old Bailey. ‘We are remanding you in custody until that time.’ The pair will appear at the Old Bailey on March 31. Officers found the body of a baby on Wednesday in the Hollingbury area of Brighton, East Sussex, following a two-day search operation. A post-mortem examination is due to take place on Friday. On Thursday, the Metropolitan Police said it is ‘too early’ to provide a specific date of death for the baby they had found, adding that the infant had been dead for ‘several weeks’. A post-mortem examination is due to take place today. Earlier on Thursday, the force’s Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford said officers had been unable to determine the baby’s gender. He told reporters the case had been referred to the police watchdog. He said: ‘At this stage we have not yet been able to confirm the baby’s gender and post-mortem examination has not yet taken place. ‘Despite this, based on our inquiries we’ve carried out so far, we believe sadly the baby may have been dead for some time before they were found. ‘It is too early for us to provide a more specific date. ‘Because we believe the death occurred during the course of a missing person investigation we have made a mandatory referral to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC).’ The IOPC said in a statement that it is ‘currently assessing the referral to determine what, if any, further action is required from us’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.