A Toy Story superfan has spent the last three years collecting £40,000 worth of memorabilia. In total, Josh Armitage’s stash features 330 collectables of Woody, Buzz Lightyear and other popular characters. In fact, he has so many figures, soft toys and costumes, he has to keep them stored in a warehouse. However, the 26-year-old – who wasn’t even born the year the first Toy Story movie came out in 1995 – is now willing to sell them all for £30,000, after spending £15,000 amassing his collection. Josh started collecting the figures at a car boot sale a few years ago. He said: ‘I own my own clothing brand and I was at a car boot searching around for second-hand clothing. ‘At one of the stalls, I saw Buzz Lightyear and Woody toys so I asked how much they cost. ‘He said £10 for the Woody and £20 for the Buzz. This really shocked me at first because I thought this was expensive for a car boot sale. ‘He then explained to me that these toys were first edition and showed me the Thinkway symbol to prove it. ‘From here I wanted to look into collecting further and do my own research to understand it all.’ After doing some research into how to spot the right products, Josh’s collection was underway. He said: ‘It took me around a year to get use to the products. However, there are labels on the front which state their signature collection. ‘I looked at many ranges and identified that the signature collection was the most valuable. ‘There are so many different companies which make toys, just like clothes. ‘I was mainly aiming for the classic Thinkway and Mattel toys. ‘Most of the toys I buy were made between 1995 and 2014 – which correlates to the film releases.’ He uses eBay to find and sell toys, as well as Facebook Marketplace. Josh’s favourite item out of the entire collection is a Wheezy squeeze toy, which was love at first sight. However, despite his passion, the 26-year-old is now hoping to sell his entire collection for £30,000. He said: ‘I really enjoy collecting but it can be hard work waiting for items for months and some may never come up again. ‘Ideally, I’d like to sell the set for £30,000 as a whole – but if not I will look at selling it piece by piece which could take up to two years. ‘I wanted to focus on new ventures and put work into other things – so, despite it being sad, I think it’s the right thing to let them go to someone else. ‘My friends and family think I’m crazy, and they can’t believe the amount of money I’ve spent on building this collection.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘I didn’t know I had ADHD’: Author writes definitive guide to a misunderstood condition MORE : Dentist reveals why you should avoid brushing your teeth in the shower MORE : ‘We earn more money travelling the world than we did from our jobs back home’