Leaving a workplace can be filled with highs and lows. It might be that you’re truly gutted to be leaving an amazing team, but won’t miss the wider culture of burnout, or the toxic bosses. And if there’s ever a time to be honest about how you’ve found working at an organisation, an exit interview is the perfect opportunity to express yourself. But how much detail should you really go into? Especially if you want to bow out gracefully? ‘Exit interviews are considered confidential conversations and are typically carried out by HR. Your comments will only be shared if the information is required by law (an unlikely event),’ explains Anna Campbell, career consultant, HR expert and founder of Reclaim Your Lane. ‘Your exit feedback is collated and themed with feedback from other leavers to help the business identify areas to improve. ‘While exit interviews aren’t mandatory, it’s a dedicated, one-on-one time to be heard.’ So what should and shouldn’t be said – and how honest should you really be? Experts share a few things to keep in mind. While you might want to be brutally honest when you leave, experts say it’s important to remember you might bump into colleagues again in the future – especially if you’re staying within your industry. Laura Cloke, a career fulfilment coach, says: ‘An exit interview is a great opportunity to give feedback to an organisation, but I think it’s important to remember that just because you are leaving a company, it doesn’t mean you won’t see the people who work there again.’ This means you might want to give some thought around how you give your feedback. Laura continues: ‘You can be honest about how a company has made you feel or areas that they could improve in, but you don’t want to do that at the expense of your reputation.’ Laura says a great way to weigh up what to say is to ask yourself the following question:  Will my feedback make them change their behaviour, or will it just make me feel better to have said it? She explains: ‘If you can, provide constructive feedback to the organisation, what you want to avoid is sounding off about people or issues that leave you looking unprofessional. ‘An exit interview is your opportunity to leave the organisation with an impression of who you are, so providing helpful comments in a professional way will reflect much better on you than just airing all your grievances.’ It’s important to remember that exit interviews don’t have to be filled with negativity and complaints – they are actually a great way to spotlight incredible colleagues and team members. Laura says: ‘We tend to think of giving negative feedback in an exit interview, but they are a great opportunity to praise people and teams who are doing good work and supported you in your career. ‘Whatever you say in an exit interview, you should be your most professional self as you never know when you might be working with someone again.’ But experts do say, at the end of the day, if you really want to get things off your chest, an exit interview is the time to do that. It’s simply all about doing this in a considered way. Anna says: ‘Take the opportunity for an exit conversation, consider the points you’d like to make but be honest. ‘Don’t hold back. Exit interviews, done well, are win-win – you’ll leave feeling empowered knowing that you got everything (the good, the bad and the ugly) off your chest and the business will have data to make a change.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Quiet thriving’ is the latest workplace trend all about re-engaging with work – without burning out MORE : Everyone’s sharing their ‘delusion week’ on TikTok, here’s what that means MORE : So your dream job sucks – now what?