The date for the final of Winter Love Island 2023 has been confirmed by Maya Jama, and fans don’t have long to wait to find out who will be crowned the winners. In a post shared on social media ahead of Wednesday night’s episode, the host revealed all while wearing a stunning dark orange dress ahead of her latest arrival in the villa. ‘Guys, I have some very, very exciting news,’ the 28-year-old said. ‘The Love Island final is going to be on… drumroll please… Monday 13th March on ITV2 and ITVX.’ The presenter continued, teasing: ‘It is going to be major, you don’t want to miss it. I will see you then,’ before blowing a kiss at the camera. In addition to the finale date announcement, Maya revealed that she was going to be heading back to the villa for a ‘surprise’. ‘Back quickly for a surprise tonight,’ she wrote on social media, teasing that there was ‘danger’ in store for her latest entrance. In the opening moments of Wednesday’s episode, it was revealed that Maya will be showing up unexpectedly while the islanders are in the middle of enjoying a party. She’ll then inform all of the contestants that a public vote has taken place, and the couples who have received the fewest votes from viewers could be at risk of being dumped from the island. In recent days, drama has brewed in the villa between Jessie Wynter and Casey O’Gorman, after she voiced to him how she didn’t approve of the way he treated Claudia Fogarty, when he dumped her in favour of new bomshell Rosie Seabrook. On Tuesday night’s episode, Jessie and Casey appeared to squash their beef… but at the same time, Jessie’s partner Will Young became infuriated after hearing that some of the islanders had called her fake and accused of her not being genuine. While arguments are continuing to spark up in the villa, the couples who are still in the villa only have 12 days until the final. Tanya Manhenga and Shaq Muhammad are going strong again after their brief hiatus after Casa Amor, while Ron Hall and Lana Jenkins are now officially boyfriend and girlfriend. Will and Jessie have both dropped the L-bomb, while Kai Fagan and Sanam Harrinanam are clear favourites among fans to take home the £50,000 prize money. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Demi Jones ‘so sick’ after cancer left immune system ‘compromised’ as star issues health update MORE : Love Island’s Olivia Hawkins finally caught out for back-stabbing in row with Jessie Wynter 