Tyson Fury’s unification showdown with Oleksandr Usyk has been thrown into doubt once again, with the Ukrainian’s promoter claiming the fight is unlikely to happen following the Gypsy King’s latest demand. Talks had progressed positively over the past few days, with Usyk agreeing to a 70/30 split in Fury’s favour, and promoter Frank Warren was confident the fight would go ahead on April 29 at Wembley. But on Monday morning Fury threw yet another spanner in the works, taking to Instagram to slam the 36-year-old and calling for the removal of any rematch clause from the contract. Usyk’s promoter, Alexander Krassyuk, believes it is yet another example of how ‘scared’ Fury is of taking on the WBA, IBF and WBO heavyweight champ and, having called his bluff over the purse split, the Brit is now searching for another way to get out of the fight. ‘As Usyk said, the greedy belly is still hoping to find a way to pull out. We knew before and we know it now,’ Krassyuk told talkSPORT on Monday afternoon shortly after Fury’s fresh demand. ‘As soon as Usyk accepts a no rematch clause there will still be searching for another thing to find and pull out the fight. ‘I tell you why. He bluffed and Usyk called his bluff. This is 100 per cent. He didn’t expect Usyk to accept 70/30. ‘He was not in a training camp and we say the next morning the theatrical performance that he was pretending to jog and fight someone in the ring. ‘It’s all about nothing. He’s not prepared and scared to fight. He will try to find a way to avoid Usyk for as long as possible. ‘We don’t trust him, we don’t believe him. One more thing to know, when we started the negotiations, Fury’s side was the first to ask for the rematch. Fury were the first to ask for the rematch and we supported this.’ Usyk himself echoed those thoughts in an Instagram post later in the day, saying: ‘Hey greedy belly, the rematch clause came from your side not mine. ‘Stop whining and ducking. Be a man, ink the contract or vacate the belt. I need undisputed and not to play your stupid games.’ Asked if he thinks the fight will still happen, Krassyuk continued: ‘I don’t believe anyone will fight. Even if you accept this now, he will still try to find a way out. ‘He just doesn’t want this fight to happen as he knows he’s not prepared for it. It’s only five weeks left, it’s not sufficient for any proper fighter to get prepared for the undisputed heavyweight championship.’ He added: ‘Whatever we accept from Fury, it will not leave us with a fight, he will escape it anyway. His credibility is already shot to pieces… The man is trying to escape. I’m really sorry for Tyson fans in the UK and throughout the world. ‘It’s a shame for a fighter to behave like that. It’s not about money, it’s about fear. For a big man like Tyson, it’s impossible to have so much fear. ‘Usyk wants this fight badly. He cannot fight just by himself, he needs an opponent in the ring. His opponent is ducking him. I don’t feel this fight will happen on April 29, whatever conditions Usyk will accept.’ MORE : Frank Warren confirms Tyson Fury vs Oleksandr Usyk fight is ‘on’ MORE : Oleksandr Usyk accepts Tyson Fury’s 70-30 split offer for Wembley fight on one condition For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 