The announcement of this year’s Glastonbury line-up has been met with backlash following the reveal of its all-male headline acts. Guns ‘N’ Roses and Arctic Monkeys will join Sunday night headliner Elton John in the top slots for Friday and Saturday of the 2023 festival that will take place between June 21 and 25 at Worthy Farm. However, the festival has drawn criticism for its lack of diversity in its headline acts, with only all-male artists confirmed. At this year’s event, 53% of the 55 confirmed acts are male, while only 43% are non-white artists or groups that include non-white members. Organiser Emily Eavis has defended the line-up choices, saying festivals are struggling to secure viable female headliners due to an industry ‘pipeline’ problem. ‘We’re trying our best so the pipeline needs to be developed. This starts way back with the record companies, radio. I can shout as loud as I like but we need to get everyone on board,’ she explained, asserting that the music industry ‘needs to invest in more female musicians to create future headliners,’ she told The Guardian She added the festival is ‘entirely focused on balancing [our] bill’ and that it’s ‘not just about gender, it’s about every aspect of diversity.’ Eavis said rockers Guns N’ Roses were booked after a female headliner ‘changed her touring plans’ leading to her dropping out. Lizzo will open for the band on the Friday night, with the organiser commenting that the solo artist could ‘totally headline’ the iconic event. Eavis confirmed that next year’s event will have two female headliners, with one already confirmed and the other in talks with organisers, adding that both have never appeared at the event before. Criticising the lack of diversity in the acts, angry music fans have branded the bill ‘disappoining’ and ‘so far from leading by example’. ‘That is so disappointing. Hardly a diverse lineup for pyramid headliners,’ one user posted. ‘I love #Glastonbury in a big way; Elton and Arctic Monkeys have special places in my musical make-up. But having three all-white, all-male headliners is SO far from leading by example. Yes there’s diversity on the bill, but that trio topping the (literal) Pyramid is such a shame,’ another added. Others commented on the ‘overwhelming wealth of amazing women’ organisers could have chosen, such as Lana Del Rey who appears elsewhere on the bill. The festival had faced criticism for raising the price of tickets, as general admission now costs £335, plus a £5 booking fee. However, tickets for the festival still sold out at lightning speed even before the line-up was announced. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Glastonbury VIP ticket draw in support of Turkey-Syria earthquake appeal raises over £200,000 in first hours MORE : The 1975’s Matty Healy urges Oasis to ‘stop messing around’  and stop fighting: ‘Grow up, headline Glastonbury!’ 