Suspicion falls upon Love Island star Ron Hall tonight as the islanders believe they’ve uncovered his ‘game plan’ with girlfriend Lana Jenkins. Earlier in the week, the villa played a game where they had to guess how the public rated them as couples. Lana and Ron, both 25, were voted one of the top three biggest game playing couples, which they admitted was a little ‘sore’ to learn. In an awkward moment during the challenge, Shaq Muhammad suggested to Ron that he only made Lana his girlfriend because he knew how much ‘everyone loved her’. Sunday night’s episode will see Ron confront Shaq about his comment, asking his pal: ‘I just wanted to see your thoughts on it or whether you thought there was anything to it or if it was just an opinion on the challenge?’ Shaq tells Ron: ‘For me bro, it’s a challenge and I said before I even made the comment that I would see how it looks from every single side.’ Ron replies: ‘I’m not calling you out on it, obviously it’s sore for me and Lana, and I’d hate it to plant a seed in Lana’s head.’ However, the financial advisor can’t let it go and later discusses the accusations of game playing with Sanam Harrinanan, Kai Fagan, Tom Clare and Samie Elishi at the firepit. ‘When I was a viewer… I thought, the ones who have their drama nice and early and then get comfy and treat it like a holiday, they’re the ones who are probably like, they just cruise,’ he said. ‘I can see why people probably thought, “Oh Lana and Ron are just cruising through”. I’m not bothered by any of that. As I know I’m not, otherwise I never would have made her my girlfriend, it means too much to me.’ The following day, Tom updates some of the other Islanders on what was said by Ron and it leads them to think they’ve discovered his game plan. He tells Casey and Shaq: ‘Last night, Ron basically came out and said his game plan. He said the couples who do well on Love Island are the ones that get all the drama out of the way at the start and then cruise at the end.’ Shaq responded clearly, a little stunned: ‘He said that?’ Over on the terrace Samie also catches up with Rosie and Jessie Wynter on the conversation, and tells them: ‘He said as a viewer watching it before, the couples that have all their trouble at the beginning are fine, they get back together and then they cruise through it and that’s what me and Lana are doing right now, we are cruising.’ Samie adds: ‘I was like, did he just reveal his game plan?’ Elsewhere, Ron finds himself in more hot water after advising Rosie Seabrook to give her partner Casey O’Gorman some space, suggesting that he prioritises spending time with Will Young and Tom. His problems only get worse when Lana learns from Samie how Ron’s conversation at the mini fire pit has been perceived by the other islanders. She tells him: ‘Everyone has taken that as a game plan.’ Ron says: ‘I’m not having people say that they think I’m playing a game…’ How will the rest of the evening unfold in light of this revelation? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 followed by Love Island: Aftersun. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 