Harry Styles has broken his silence on T-shirtgate – you know, when he posted a selfie in the gym wearing a One Direction garm and sent fans into meltdown. In the photo, which was promptly deleted, Harry posed in a T-shirt which clearly showed him and all his other ex-bandmates’ faces in boxes – Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Louis Tomlinson, and previously Zayn Malik – with a sixth square devoted to their abbreviated name 1D. This sent fans into a frenzy, with some naturally speculating whether this was Harry’s way of announcing a reunion. Others weren’t so convinced, and due to the As It Was hitmaker’s quick removal of the post, thought he’d meant to post it to his close friends, and not the whole world. But the star has now revealed why he posted the picture – and everyone should calm down immediately. ‘Maybe, like some people you want to keep something to yourself.. and maybe one day you will accidentally post it to your Instagram Story,’ the star joked to the Auckland crowd in his last concert of Love On Tour. In response, New Zealand fans screamed their lungs out in what looked like a brilliant close to his world tour, which has seen him perform for enraptured crowds across 28 countries. This comes after the megastar paid tribute to his ex-bandmates in his Brit Awards acceptance speech, where he scooped up four awards. ‘I wanna thank my family for being the most supportive, understanding, patient family,’ he said, with his sister Gemma, present. Harry added: ‘I wanna thank my mum for signing me up for the X Factor without asking me. ‘I also wanna thank Niall, Louis, Liam, and Zayn. I wouldn’t be here without them.’ One Direction are the product of The X Factor circa 2010, when the five boys formed a band after auditioning as solo artists. The band split in August 2015 and currently have no plans to reunite (that we know of…). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles makes surprise cameo in music video and we didn’t recognise him at first MORE : Harry Styles sends One Direction fans into frenzy wearing T-shirt of bandmates – before deleting snap 