Eurovision fans who missed out on tickets have been left fuming after people are already trying to resell them for as high as £12,000. Tickets for the event, which is being held at the 11,000 capacity Liverpool Arena in May, were unsurprisingly in high demand, with Grand Final seats selling out within 30 minutes on Tuesday. While there were nine shows to choose from, tickets for all sold out within 90 minutes too. Tickets for the semi-final shows were priced from £30 to £290, with the cost increasing to between £80 and £380 for the grand final shows. But some people haven’t wasted any time, trying to sell their tickets to the event on sites such as viagogo for thousands more than what they purchased them for. One seller is currently trying to slog fans £10,057 for a single ticket to the Grand Final which includes a VIP pass, while another is asking for £3,500 for a general admission standing ticket. Rylan Clark, who is part of the hosting line-up, called out people’s greediness on social media. ‘To the people selling Eurovision tickets at RIDICULOUS resale prices that aren’t proper fans – p****,’ he posted on Twitter. It was a sentiment echoed by many other fans, who were devastated to miss out on tickets. ‘Outrageous. Resale tickets are already available, and at ridiculous prices,’ one person wrote on Twitter. However, viagogo has said it was unlikely tickets selling at these eye-watering prices would sell. ‘Viagogo is a regulated marketplace and we want fans to have the options and flexibility they deserve for buying and selling tickets to live events,’ a spokesperson said in a statement to Metro.co.uk. ‘It’s important to stress that prices can change and are not necessarily an indication of what a fan will spend. ‘Tickets listed at eye-catching, high levels rarely, if ever, sell.  Having just gone on sale, demand for a Eurovision ticket is high, but last year some tickets for the event sold on viagogo for as little as £26.’ They added: ‘We encourage fans to keep monitoring our site for different options.’ A Eurovision statement also said it had ‘switched off’ Ticketmaster’s ticket transfer option, which enables purchasers of tickets to transfer their tickets into the names of others, in order to ‘reduce the ability to resell tickets at inflated prices’. ‘Purchasers who wish to resell their tickets can do so at face value through Ticketmaster’s Fan to Fan Resale platform,’ the statement to ITV said. ‘Any tickets proven to be breaching terms and conditions of sale can be invalidated.’ Ahead of the tickets going up for sale, some people had already said the prices were too high to attend, particularly during the ongoing cost of living crisis. The Eurovision Song Contest airs Saturday, May 13 on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Even Sam Quek couldn’t get Eurovision tickets – and she’s presenting the opening ceremony MORE : Graham Norton feared losing Eurovision presenting job ahead of 2023 competition 