Katie Price has revealed her eldest daughter Princess aspires to be a model. Katie, 44, shares 15-year-old Princess and her brother Junior, 17, with her ex-husband Peter Andre and is also doting mum to Jett, nine, and Bunny, eight – who she shares with Kieran Hayler – and 20-year-old Harvey, whose dad is Dwight Yorke. In a new interview, doting mum Katie has said she’s happy for her daughter to follow in her footsteps and carve out a career as a model, however insisted she ‘won’t let agents’ take advantage of her third-eldest child. The Mucky Mansion star raved: ‘I can absolutely see Princess being a successful model – she’s stunning.’ She added to OK!: ‘I will always be there to support and guide her. I know when agents are taking advantage, so I would always step in if I felt something wasn’t right for her.’ Katie also told the magazine that Princess has seen ‘behind the scenes’ and ‘experienced [modelling] from that point of view’, adding that the teenager’s first-hand experience of the industry means she’ll enjoy getting glammed up for shoots of her very own, which Katie insisted she’ll be on hand to see play out. However, Princess’ dad Peter, 50, is said to have laid out his own rules for his daughter’s showbiz endeavours. Peter admitted he was happy for his little girl to work in the land of the celebrity but that there would be rules to follow as she finds her feet. He told the magazine in a separate interview: ‘Junior was 16 before he was allowed to do any scheduled stuff and Princess is still doing GCSE’s, so she’s only does little tiny things here and there. No scheduled work – nothing like that.’ However, earlier this month, MailOnline reported that Peter and Katie’s mini-me was offered a deal to model for the online fashion brand PrettyLittleThing. Princess was said to have been offered a four-figure contract to co-create with the brand on Instagram and TikTok and was reportedly ‘over the moon’ and ‘so excited’ by the move. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Martin Lewis ‘struggling to understand’ Oscar hype around Everything Everywhere All At Once but don’t worry, he’s been schooled MORE : Painfully awkward moment Kate Hudson has to correct reporter that she hasn’t won an Oscar 