Carrie Johnson has made an impassioned plea to keep Joanna Simpson’s killer behind bars as she recalled her fears at black cab rapist John Worboys being released. She was joined by Ms Simpson’s mother, Diana Parkes, at the launch of a campaign yesterday urging Justice Secretary Dominic Raab to block Robert Brown’s automatic release from jail. The BA pilot bludgeoned Ms Simpson to death with a claw hammer in 2010 as their two young children cowered in a playroom. He was acquitted of murder but admitted manslaughter on grounds of diminished responsibility, and is due to be freed on licence later this year. Mrs Johnson spoke of her ordeal at the hands of Worboys, who was jailed for a minimum of eight years in 2009, and gave evidence against him at his trial. She said: ‘I remember Hetti (Barkworth-Nanton, Ms Simpson’s close friend) and Diana describing themselves as sitting ducks, powerless to do anything, and I knew that feeling from my own experience. ‘When I found out the taxi cab rapist John Worboys was due to be released much earlier than we thought, with no explanation as to why, I remember feeling really scared.’ Mrs Johnson said the case was another instance of the law ‘badly letting the victims down and failing to do its job to protect women’. But she believed there was hope for change, and urged Mr Raab to intervene, saying: ‘Surely, common sense must prevail.’ Mrs Parkes warned Brown will be ‘very bitter’ when he is freed, having lost his well-paid job and children, who she says never want to see him again. ‘Most of his life before prison has been stripped away and he won’t be able to contain his anger and will seek revenge,’ she said. The 83-year-old grandmother said the horrific killing was a ‘life-changing tragedy’ which altered her family’s life forever. Former prime minister Boris Johnson made a surprise appearance alongside his wife at the event, where speakers included shadow domestic violence minister Jess Phillips. Ms Phillips is backing the campaign, saying it was ‘unfathomable’ that Brown, with his history of domestic violence, would be let out of prison. Mr Raab has invited Mrs Parkes to meet with him next week to discuss the case, which he says he will be reviewing carefully. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.