Tyson Fury has turned down an offer of a 60-40 split in favour of the winner for his undisputed showdown with Oleksandr Usyk, leaving the fight in serious jeopardy. IBF, WBO and WBA champion Usyk and WBC champion have been in talks for a historic fight to crown the heavyweight division’s first undisputed champion since Lennox Lewis. Wembley Stadium is the front runner to host the fight on 29 April but Fury’s co-promoter Frank Warren revealed this week there is still no deal in place, admitting they are ‘none the wiser’ as to whether it will go ahead. Warren also revealed there is a deadline set for the end of the week if they wish to proceed with that 29 April date. But Usyk’s promoter Alexander Krassyuk has revealed their offer, which would see the winner walk away with a 60 per cent split of the fight purse, has been rejected. ‘We initially agreed for 50/50. But then Tyson was asking for some bigger money,’ Krassyuk told talkSPORT. ‘So we made it clear that we are ready to go 60/40, but the winner takes 60. That was our latest offer. Asked if Fury turned that down, Krassyuk replied: ‘Yes, exactly.’ Despite the prolonged negotiations, Krassyuk still believes Fury wants the fight but suggested he may not be ‘ready mentally’ for it to take place in April. ‘I am experienced and I’ve been here for a while,’ Krassyuk continued. ‘Normally when a fighter does not want to take a fight, he asks for something impossible so it doesn’t take place. On the other side, I’m really optimistic. ‘Maybe Tyson is not ready yet. Maybe he’s is not ready mentally, maybe he’s not ready physically, whatever, I don’t know and we don’t really care. ‘We want to make it happen. If he doesn’t want it, we can’t make him want it. So what can I say? The fight should happen someday.’ MORE : ‘It makes your legs weak’ – Jake Paul blames wet dream for Tommy Fury defeat MORE : Eddie Hearn: Conor Benn wants to sue the British Boxing Board of Control and never speak to them again For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 