Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is cautiously optimistic that Alejandro Garnacho’s injury is ‘not too bad’ after the winger left Old Trafford on crutches following the side’s draw with Southampton. The Argentine required treatment ten minutes from time when Kyle Walker-Peters’ well-timed challenge left him in a heap in the penalty box. Though the full-back clearly got the ball, Garnacho’s right foot appeared to get caught under the defender. Garnacho managed to stay on for the pitch for a further seven minutes but was then replaced by Fred, with United already down to ten men following Casemiro’s red card. The Argentine then left Old Trafford on crutches and with his right foot in a protective boot. Naturally, that sparked fears among United’s fanbase, but Ten Hag says he’s cautiously optimistic that the injury is not ‘too bad’. ‘He was limping,’ said Ten Hag. ‘He was a little bit limping after a bad tackle so in the end they [Southampton] come with a big, tall striker and I don’t want to go for risks because we were already down to ten [men]. ‘I think it’s not too bad.’ Casemiro’s red card in the 34th minute left United in a difficult position but Ten Hag was pleased with how his side responded to the setback. Though the Saints had their own chances through Walker-Peters and Theo Walcott, United went close through Rashford and Bruno Fernandes. And Ten Hag says the display once again underlined the resilience in his team. ‘Let’s make that point. Once again this team showed big team spirit, supporting each other,’ said Ten Hag.‘Both with 11 and with 10 they play a really good level. We play in week, they didn’t. We had 10, they didn’t. We defended well, had good counters, had good opportunities. ‘The strike from Bruno on the post…I have seen the strike from them on the post. One on one that David saved [too] but overall the performance was quite well but disappointed only to collect one point.’ MORE : Casemiro unlucky and referees inconsistent, claims David De Gea after Manchester United star’s red card MORE : Manchester United’s title hopes are over after Casemiro’s costly red card against Southampton For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 