Last night, fan-favourite couple Kai Fagan and Sanam Harrinanan were crowned the winners of Winter Love Island 2023 in South Africa. The couple first got together when the original girls from the villa were away in Casa Amor, with Kai striking up a connection with newcomer Sanam early on. While Kai was previously exploring a romance with Olivia Hawkins, she also recoupled with Maxwell Samuda… but there was some bad blood between Kai and Olivia when they were reunited. Nonetheless, Olivia claimed she felt ‘happy’ for her ex and Sanam after their victory, as she reacted to the results of the public vote on her Instagram Story. Having worn a striking red dress for the grand finale, featuring a long skirt and halter neckline, Olivia posted a picture of Kai and Sanam being labelled the ‘winners’. ‘Happy for them,’ she wrote on the post, alongside a couple of emojis. Ahead of their win, Kai and Sanam sat down with host Maya Jama to talk about their journey on the series. Sanam accidentally let slip that she ‘loved’ her partner, saying that he was always her ‘number one’. ‘Obviously, he is a very attractive guy but I fell in love with everything,’ she said. ‘Everything about him, I just, I just loved it. I really didn’t think I was gonna be here. I’m going to cry!’ Sanam then realised her slip-up, laughing as the members of the audience oohed over her revelation. Ron Hall and Lana Jenkins were the runners-up of this year’s show, finishing in second place. Third place went to Tom Clare and Samie Elishi, while Tanya Manhenga and Shaq Muhammad finished in fourth. During the final, Kai said that Sanam had ‘blown me away straight away’ when he met her during the Casa Amor portion of the programme. ‘I think it was eyes,’ he said: ‘Now she doesn’t leave my side. I don’t leave her side and I absolutely love it.’ The couple walked away with the enormous joint cash prize of £50,000. Love Island is available to watch on ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers accuse finalist Samie Elishi of ‘stealing’ fellow Islander’s speech idea during finale ball MORE : Which Love Island 2022 finalists are still together and what have they done since the show? 