A mum has told of how midwives gasped when she gave birth to a baby boy weighing nearly 12lbs who was the ‘size of a toddler’ with a head ‘as big as a melon’. Ruby Eden, 24, was originally told by doctors her newborn Teddie was likely to weigh 9lbs. However when he arrived into the world, eight days after his due date on August 1 2022, he weighed a whopping 11lbs 13oz. He then quite literally tipped the scales when nurses went to weigh him as he was too big and almost knocked them over. Ruby and husband Chris, 27, were forced to put Teddie straight into outfits for three-month-old babies as newborn clothes were too small. The couple had been expecting their second child to be on the larger side but said everyone was left shocked by Teddie’s enormous size when he was born. Mum-of-two Ruby, from Warrington, Cheshire, said: ‘I was extremely shocked when I saw Teddie for the first time. ‘He was like a toddler. He was massive. My husband saw him and just said “he’s a chunky boy” as he was stunned. ‘All the midwives gasped when they saw Teddie come out and I wished I had filmed my family members expressions when they met him for the first time. ‘Everyone was just so shocked and confused as to why Teddie was such a big baby.’ Teddie’s size was particularly surprising because Ruby’s bump was smaller than her previous bump when she carried her daughter Delilah-Rose. She prepared herself for Teddie to weigh around 9lbs, the same as her daughter. But Ruby found out he was considerably bigger when she gave birth to him via an emergency C-section the day after her 41-week scan. ‘He must have been hiding the weight somehow,’ she said. ‘I took a newborn size hat in for Teddie to wear at the hospital and there was just no chance it was going to fit his head. ‘It was the size of a small honeydew melon, and the nurse had to fetch me an extra-large baby one. ‘When he was put on the scales in the operating room after he was born, he almost tipped them. Despite being a newborn he seemed too big for them.’ Full-time mum Ruby added: ‘I was never expecting to have a child that was almost 12 pounds. ‘I’m glad I had a C-section and not a natural birth.’ Ruby has since shared her birthing story on TikTok and it has received 1.5 million views and over 207k likes. It’s almost as sensational as when a couple gave birth to miracle quintuplets after already having seven children. Teddie was born with a condition called polyhydramnios which occurs when there is too much amniotic fluid around the baby during pregnancy. He then spent time in and out of hospital at six-weeks-old and lost a lot of weight due to issues with his liver. But now aged seven-months, Ruby and Chris say their son is a healthy happy baby who loves playing with his two-year-old sister. Ruby says she is happy with a family-of-four and won’t be having any more children, but does wonder how big her next baby would be if she were to have another. Ruby, who will celebrate her first wedding anniversary with Chris tomorrow (Sat) added: ‘At six weeks old he was really ill and was in and out of hospital. ‘His liver couldn’t turn the calories he was getting from breastfeeding into glucose. ‘Luckily, he has made a huge recovery since then and is back laughing and playing. ‘He is such a happy smiley baby and me and my husband are so proud of him. ‘He’s still considered an extremely large baby for his age. ‘Me and Chris don’t want any more kids but I would not be surprised if it was another big baby or even bigger than Teddie if we were to have another. ‘There seems to be a pattern in it and they keep getting bigger each time.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 24 hours in Manchester, the staycation spot of 2023 MORE : Mums on the highs and lows of leaving their baby at home for the first time MORE : ‘I’m 21 and sleeping with my mate’s mum, do I tell him?’