Alex Scott has pulled out of presenting Saturday’s edition of Football Focus in a fresh show of support for Gary Lineker. The BBC show, which was due to air at midday, was set to be hosted by Kelly Somers but she subsequently opted against stepping into Scott’s shoes. A source quoted by The Sun said: ‘Alex fully supports Gary and last night decided she would not host Football Focus to show her support for him. ‘Kelly has been brought in to replace her for the episode. Alex was in Media City in Manchester preparing for the show yesterday but after seeing the news play out said she did not feel comfortable.’ Scott became the first permanent female Football Focus host in the show’s near half century history 18 months ago when she took over from Dan Walker. The 38-year-old former England international and Arsenal defender had already distanced herself from the prospect of stepping into Lineker’s shoes on Friday night. Saturday’s Match Of The Day will have no presenters or pundits while Premier League players may not give post-match interviews to the BBC as the fallout continues to the Lineker row. Pundits Alan Shearer and Ian Wright announced on Friday their boycott of this weekend’s highlights programme after the BBC said it had ‘decided’ Lineker would take a break from presenting the show until an ‘agreed and clear position’ on his use of social media had been reached. Fellow former England internationals Micah Richards and Jermaine Jenas – who were all not due to appear this weekend on MOTD – backed their fellow pundits. In response, a BBC spokesperson said: ‘Some of our pundits have said that they don’t wish to appear on the programme while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary. ‘We understand their position and we have decided that the programme will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry.’ The Professional Footballers’ Association, meanwhile, will fully support any players who do not want to fulfil media duties with the BBC after Premier League matches in solidarity with Lineker and the other pundits. A number of players contacted the PFA seeking advice, and the union has subsequently spoken to the Premier League clubs playing on Saturday to establish a collective position. Lineker, 62, has been embroiled in a row over impartiality after comparing the language used to launch a new Government asylum policy with 1930s Germany on Twitter. Earlier, director-general at the BBC Tim Davie – who warned staff about their use of social media when he took on the role at the end of 2020 before guidelines on their use was updated – was asked by BBC News why Lineker had not been sacked. Davie replied: ‘Well I think we always look to take proportionate action and that’s what we’ve done.’ He said he would not ‘add to’ the corporation’s current statement on the matter, but that there had been ‘very constructive discussions’. Reacting to Shearer and Wright’s boycott, the BBC boss added: ‘I absolutely respect people’s right to make that decision, and BBC Sport have to look at the programme they will produce for the weekend as normal.’ The row was sparked by Lineker’s response on Twitter to a Home Office video in which Home Secretary Suella Braverman unveiled the Government’s plans to stop migrants crossing the Channel on small boats. The ex-England striker wrote: ‘There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. ‘This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the ’30s.’ MORE : Gary Lineker’s face projected on stage at Fatboy Slim concert to applause amid BBC row MORE : Match of the Day will have no presenter or pundits after revolt over Gary Lineker suspension