Peter Kay’s Newcastle show was reportedly thrown into chaos when three audience members fell ill. The comic is currently touring the country with his Better Late Than Never tour, his first stand-up run in 12 years which, unsurprisingly, was met with astonishing demand for tickets. Peter, 49, has already performed in cities including Manchester, Liverpool and Leeds, and is now delighting Geordie fans at Newcastle’s Utilita Arena, but things didn’t exactly get off to the smoothest start. The northern star – whose comeback was showered with love after he stepped away from the spotlight due to personal reasons – was left concerned after ticket holders required medical attention this week. He is believed to have halted his latest show when he spotted a fan on the front row had become unwell and needed assistance. According to The Sun, the Care Share star rushed off stage to help. Minutes later, a member of the audience was escorted out of the venue in a wheelchair. An onlooker told the outlet: People near the front started shouting for an ambulance. ‘Peter asked if they were being serious, then he asked for the big lights to go on and stewards ran over to see what was going on. ‘He then went off stage for around 10/15 mins and one person was seen getting wheel-chaired out.’ The funny man then got on with his show, but two more audience members then reportedly become unwell. ‘Peter came back on and continued the show but said “three went down then” and he said he hoped “they were ok”,’ the source added. Following the announcement of his return to showbiz, Peter was overwhelmed by all the support. ‘I’d like to say a huge thank you to everyone who came to the first shows in Manchester. It was incredible to be a part of such a happy experience,’ he said. ‘Everybody deserves a bit of joy. Here’s to a lot more shows to come!!’ Despite re-sellers flogging tour tickets on for hundreds, even thousands, of pounds, the performer had tried to keep costs low. The performer previously promised to match prices from his last arena tour in 2010, emphasising that he wanted to help people amid the cost-of-living crisis. ‘And with the cost of living at an all-time high, ticket prices are starting from £35 – the same price they were on my previous tour in 2010,’ he said. But a tour isn’t the only treat Peter has had for us over recent months, as the star also confirmed the release of his fourth book. Proving himself to be the gift that keeps on giving, Peter announced earlier this month that his memoir, TV: Big Adventures on the Small Screen, will land in September. A tweet on the book’s publisher’s account read: ‘Peter’s hilarious new book will be his first memoir in 14 years and follows his lifelong obsession with watching and working in television.’ It’s expected to chart 40 years of television, ‘from tea-making in Granada, to behind the scenes on Phoenix Nights, Max and Paddy and his Bafta-winning turn as John Redmond in Car Share’. Reps for Peter Kay and Newcastle Utilita Arena have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp confirmed for Jeff Beck tribute concert at London’s Royal Albert Hall, joining Sir Rod Stewart and Eric Clapton MORE : Keanu Reeves earned more money from The Matrix ‘than any other actor has made from a single movie franchise’ 