One of Britain’s loneliest houses has seen its asking price slashed by £50,000. The reason? Because it’s just so remote. 3 Blea Moor Cottages is located in one of the most secluded parts of the Yorkshire Dales, so far from anything else that prospective buyers must walk for 20 minutes to get there. The 1940s property was originally listed by agents last summer for £300,000. However, the asking price has been slashed to £250,000 as the home struggled to sell – even as an Airbnb. The former railway worker’s cottage needs a complete renovation. Paint is currently peeling from the walls, signs of damp are present and there are holes in the floor. Yet, there is potential. It sits on the Three Peaks Challenge route as well as the Settle to Carlisle Railway, so it would make a great abode for trainspotters. Packed with transport history, it was built by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway and is next to the Blea Moor signal box, the most isolated in England that Network Rail still staffs. The home’s postal address is in Chapel-le-Dale, a hamlet in the civil parish of Ingleton, North Yorkshire. Ingleton itself is seven miles away, while the town of Hawes is a little further at 12 miles; quite the hike when you need bread and milk from the shops. Inside, the property offers plenty of space, with a store room, kitchen, pantry, living room and three double bedrooms. Agents Fisher Hopper call it an ‘exciting renovation project in a stunningly beautiful location.’ The Rightmove listing continues: ‘The property presents an interesting investment, with a range of potential commercial opportunities apparent: private holiday home; unique Airbnb style experience; bunkhouse or refreshment stop on the Yorkshire Three Peaks Challenge route. ‘Plans will be subject to the necessary consents – this is in the heart of the National Park – but for the right buyer with vision, there is great potential here.’ Viewers are also advised to be mindful of the ‘unusual nature of the location’ here, and to factor in the 20-minute walk from the nearest parking spot at nearby Ribblehead Viaduct. To cut down the commute, the new owner can purchase vehicle access for Blea Moor costing £125 per year. The unique house was previously owned by reclusive John Myerscough. He used a windmill and generator for power, Calor Gas cylinders for cooking, a stove for heat, and had water transported to the house by trailer. There was a septic tank instead of a mains sewage, but this has since been disconnected. Because the house needs extensive work, it’s not known how exactly kitchen fitters and other utility providers would access the property. Despite this, the footfall is high and the property could work in the future as a stop for walkers. 200,000 people attempt the Three Peaks Challenge each year, with many others tackling the Whernside mountain alone. If you can manage renovating with the basic amenities available here, it could be incredible. Extroverts beware, though, because company is thin on the ground. Check out the property and enquire to view via Rightmove. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : NHS worker adds £100,000 to property value by spending less than £10,000 on transformation MORE : ‘Uninhabitable’ and ‘unmortgageable’ London flat goes on sale for £785,000 MORE : What I Rent: Susana Valente, £1,243 a month for studio flat in Wembley