Kim Jong-un’s daughter has joined him for another public appearance, this time to watch a North Korean military exercise. The pair were photographed sitting next to each other while the army simulated an attack on an unspecified South Korean airfield on Thursday. Kim Ju-ae, believed to be about 10 years old, made a sudden entry into public life in November and has been spotted at her father’s side several times since. There is currently speculation the dictator is setting the youngster up to be his successor. The state denied Ju-ae existed for a while, but now she is often referred to as the ‘most beloved daughter’. Both wore black matching overcoats for the exercise while Kim clutched a cigarette. They were later pictured in arm chairs behind a large table while uniformed military figures watched over. Kim told troops to be prepared at any time to ‘overwhelmingly respond to and contain’ the country’s enemies which he accused of making ‘frantic war preparation moves’, according to the Korean Central News Agency. The state media organisation did not specify what types of weapons were used in Thursday’s exercise. But some of the North’s newer short-range weapons, which would be used to target South Korea, includes multiple rocket launchers that experts say blur the boundaries between artillery and ballistic missile systems. South Korea and the United States are currently preparing to kick off their biggest combined military training exercise in years. They are working together to counter the growing threat of Kim’s nuclear arsenal, which he has aggressively expanded in recent years. Kim changed North Korea’s nuclear warfare laws last year, when he made it legal for the country to authorise pre-emptive nuclear strikes where it may perceive its leadership as under threat. On Thursday, he told his military they need do more simulated drills so they are ready to carry out their two main ‘strategic missions, that is first to deter war and second to take the initiative in war’. Kim has ruled for 11 years now – and both his predecessors, his father and grandfather, ruled until they died. Yo-yong, a top official at the Propaganda and Agitation Department, was even cropped out of footage of Jong-Un and his daughter at a recent football match. Cheong Seong-chang of the Sejong Institute said Kim’s daughter suggests a ‘power struggle’ between the leader’s sister and the First Lady, Ri Sol-ju. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.