A 50-year-old note found by a couple in the fireplace of their home revealed the property once cost just 1% of the price they paid for it. Kathryn Stutely, 49, was digging out the hearth in the house she bought with her partner Neil for £292,000 four years ago, when they noticed a piece of paper folded up into a tiny cube. Signed by a previous owner, it said the five-bedroom home in Devizes, Wiltshire, had been bought in 1971 for just £3,000 – with mortgage payments of £5.50 a week. The writer of the note, 37-year-old Mr E.C. Pearce, was able to buy the house despite the fact his job only paid 65p an hour. He also mentions the solicitor’s fees for the purchase added up to £80. The note says: ‘To who may be interested. This fireplace was bricked up by me on September 1971. ‘I have just bought this house on mortgage for £3000 with a deposit of £300 and repayments of £5.50 per week + £80 solicitors fees. ‘My wage at present is 65p per hour and I go to a Sunday market to make a few bob extra, aged 37 years.’ He signs it off: ‘Hope you find this interesting. E.C. Pearce’ Dated November 21 1971, the handwritten message was jotted down nine months after the introduction of decimal currency. Kathryn said she and Neil had been leaving their own notes around the house as they carried out extensive renovations, and thought it was ‘lovely’ that someone else had done the same half a century before. She said: ‘Amongst all the rubble though there was a weird bit of paper that had been folded up many, many times into basically a small cube. ‘I couldn’t read it at first because I didn’t have my glasses on, but when I unfolded it I noticed there was clearly something written on it. ‘I gave it to my other half to read, and he read it out loud. That’s when we realised what it was.’ Kathryn, who runs a birth and postnatal support business, added: ‘I was glad I’d bothered to unfold it – otherwise I’d have just thrown it away like the rest of the rubble.’ The couple decided to do some internet sleuthing to see if they could work out the identity of E.C. Pearce and learn about his life. They posted on a local Facebook group, and some keen local history fans messaged to say they believed he was Eugene Pearce, who bought the home after marrying his wife Irene Hunt in the 1950s. Kathryn said: ‘Eugene unfortunately died in 2000, aged 66, So we won’t be able to let him know his note was found. ‘However, I’ve chatted to Eugene’s granddaughter who says her mother remembers living there.’ She added: ‘I plan on keeping the letter, but I was very thankful to people on Devizes Facebook group who helped me find out where it came from.’ Two years ago, sweeps working on a chimney in Worksop, Nottinghamshire, found a child’s heartwarming letter to Santa from 60 years before. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.