Parts of the country are already covered in snow – and it is expected to keep falling throughout the week. Scotland, Manchester, Yorkshire, Buckinghamshire and Newcastle woke up to snow this morning, with many other places told to expect the same soon. These include Hull, Durham, Belfast, Londonderry, and the whole of northern Scotland. They are all under a yellow weather warning for snow and ice today with London, Oxford, Plymouth and Brighton covered from tomorrow. While the snow is expected to spread further south tomorrow, it will likely remain in Newcastle and the top of Scotland as well. Almost the entirety of England and Northern Ireland will be under the yellow warning by Thursday. The new areas covered will include Stoke-on-Trent, Liverpool, Manchester, Nottingham and Sheffield. But things are set to clear up for the south of England on Friday, with conditions in Northern Ireland staying the same. The Met Office told Metro.co.uk that while the UK is ‘particularly cold at the moment, it’s not unusual to have a cold spell of weather in early spring’. March 2021 started out similarly cold but did the weather did not bring any snow. The forecaster said the cold snap may last two weeks and temperatures in parts of the UK will not reach double digits until Thursday. The mercury could drop to -15°C in some areas of the Scottish Highlands – where up to 16 inches of snow could accumulate. Met Office chief meteorologist Dan Suri warned about the weather causing travel disruption with some rural communities in the north at risk of being completely cut off. He explained that the UK is facing an Arctic maritime air mass – a low-pressure system – coming in from the North. The lowest temperature recorded in the UK so far this year is -10.4°C, which was recorded at Drumnadrochit near Inverness in the Highlands in the early hours of January 19. Mr Suri said snow is not the only danger this week, stressing that ice poses many risks too. He said: ‘Further south wintry hazards will develop with parts of England and Wales affected by icy patches and snow in places tonight and likely further snow in parts of the south early Wednesday.’ The UK Health Security Agency issued a cold weather warning last weekend and placed north-west England and Yorkshire under a level 3 alert. This means there is a 90% chance of severely cold weather, icy conditions or heavy snow, which could increase the health risk to vulnerable people. The rest of the UK has been placed under level 2. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.