Almost half of UK viewers think that LGBTQ+ and ethnic minority communities are overrepresented on television, according to a survey. Some 44% of British audiences believe that LGBTQ+ people are more represented on our screens than in the population, while 45% said the same about ethnic minorities. Meanwhile, only 26% of Brits thought that ethnic minorities were under-represented, in the poll undertaken by the government body YouGov. More British people shared these views compared to the other countries polled, France, Italy, Spain, Chile, the United Arab Emirates and Australia, the survey revealed. However, more UK TV watchers stated obese people were underrepresented on the small screen, standing at 60%, than the other nations that participated in the study. LGBTQ+ shows that have won plaudits from critics and the public alike include the masterpiece It’s A Sin, penned by Doctor Who’s Russell T Davies and starring Olly Alexander and Neil Patrick Harris. The Channel 4 drama follows the lives of a group of young men who together endure the horror of the HIV/Aids epidemic of the 80s, as well as the pain of rejection and the prejudices that their peers faced throughout the decade. But the Queer as Folk creator has spoken previously about struggling to get It’s A Sin commissioned, which took five years to find a home, as well as the prejudice he faced from some TV execs. Meanwhile, Idris Elba has recently said he doesn’t call himself a ‘Black actor’, claiming society’s ‘obsession with race’ can ‘really hinder people’s aspiration’. After sparking a backlash for the comments, Idris clarified in a tweet: ‘There isn’t a soul on this earth that can question whether I consider myself a BLACK MAN or not. Being an “actor” is a profession, like being an “architect” , they are not defined by race. ‘However, If YOU define your work by your race, that is your perogative. Ah lie?’ Fellow British actor John Boyega shared his thoughts on the Luther star’s statement after another Twitter user wrote: ‘He’s not wrong lmao. Many Black and POC actors have talked about being typecasted into stereotypical roles because of their race.’ The Star Wars actor then replied: ‘I think we should fixate on who is typecasting and putting actors in boxes because of this. ‘Not on making weird adjustments for them. We continuously focus on what we have to do so they don’t do this or that. Very worrying. We BLACK and that’s that.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Black Eyed Peas to headline Brighton Pride 2023 without Fergie – and LGBTQ+ fans are raging MORE : Host of new LGBTQ+ podcast recalls partying with Enrique Iglesias in Cardiff and romancing star’s lighting designer 