The Moon is in sensitive Cancer today, which may have a great effect on your star sign. For Aries, the Moon’s positioning could mean it’s time to focus on yourself and generally be a bit more considerate when it comes to focusing on your needs. The savvy Moon in Cancer may give Geminis some reason to feel reserved, so think carefully before paying up in case you become disillusioned. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for March 1, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 You’re in your stride and raring to go, Aries. Yet you could be inclined to take the path of least resistance. And if you’re offered a treat, trip, meal or pampering session, you may be ready to down tools and go have some fun. With the Moon in sensitive Cancer, it’s a good time to nurture yourself by eating good food, relaxing when you can, and generally being kinder to yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 It’s a good day to bring one of your hidden fears out into the open, and talk it over with a friend or trusted confidante. There’s so much more benefit to doing this, than keeping it under lock and key and feeling stressed out and down about it. Their perspective could be very enlightening, and they might even offer a solution or two. Once it’s out, you’ll feel so much more at peace, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A group or club of like-minded people might appeal so much, that you’re tempted to pay handsomely to enrol. Your zeal and enthusiasm knows no bounds today, and you could find yourself very excited to be a part of this crowd. And yet the savvy Moon in Cancer, may give you reservations Gemini, so think carefully before paying up in case you get disillusioned. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 It’s time to overcome any doubts, and be ready to go big on a bold idea that may take your career or reputation to the next level. You’ll sense that you are onto something special, but you may need to push yourself to get it off the ground. If you know someone who wants to collaborate with you, their presence makes it less likely you’ll give up, and more likely you’ll succeed. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Things are looking up today, as a fabulous blend of influences could bring you an experience that proves to be unforgettable. If you’re on vacation or doing anything that takes you out of your comfort zone, there is potential for an opportunity, a romance or something else, that you’ll really appreciate and that might take your game plan to the next level where you’ve long wanted it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 As Venus and Jupiter are on the verge of merging in a passionate and intense zone, the feelings in your partnership could be rekindled. You might also meet someone who you click with powerfully, and you’ll feel the instant chemistry. There is also potential for a windfall or perhaps news of a business deal. Something bright may be on the cards for you over coming days. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Social occasions could be filled with joy and happiness, whether you’re going on a special date or fun gathering with friends. With Venus and Jupiter holding hands in your sector of relating, encounters sparkle with promise. And you might connect with someone who is so impressed with you, they want you on their team or to be a part of their life. Be ready for a bold offer! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You’ll have extra energy to burn today, so you might want to explore new ways of working out or new trails to walk or hills to climb, as this will give you more options in the future. Better still, go with someone else and you might find this a good way to stay accountable on your fitness journey. And if there’s an area of life that’s overwhelming, now is the time to do something. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The romance factor is high now and over the next day or so, encouraging you to pull out all the stops and take your partner on a surprise date. A new love affair could blossom too. Make it something fresh and different, and you’ll be amply rewarded. This is also a good time for promoting your creative talent to the world at large. Good things can come from doing so. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 There could be a celebration due to an event on the home front. If you’ve just got the keys to a property and are excited about it, you may want to get friends together and toast your new start. With Venus and Jupiter in alignment, this is a good day for entertaining or choosing the décor for a homely makeover. Whatever you’re doing, make time to relax and enjoy the good vibes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Don’t opt for the same old routine, as a lively aspect hints that changing it could put you in the right place at the right time to enjoy a lucky break. It could be an opportunity, an encounter or even a bargain buy. Take a different route to work, go to another café for a coffee and vary your day as much as possible. Plus, you never know what might happen if you trust your intuition. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 There are so many opportunities calling out to you that could enhance your income, with the coming days being a high point. Nobody likes to be short of cash, and if you play your cards right you could generate more of it on an ongoing basis. There may be one opportunity that seems too good to be true, but if you feel it has your name on it, what are you waiting for? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 26 to March 4 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : Venus in Aries makes for drama in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope