The Moon is prominent today which could have a great impact on you star sign. For Aries, the Moon’s angle to energising Uranus, could hint at the chance to increase your income and your reputation. Meanwhile, for Gemini, the Moon in charismatic Leo adds a buoyant note to activities, especially as its uplifting ties could suggest most people will be in a good mood. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for March 4, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Be prepared for an opportunity that could come and go in a flash. The Moon’s angle to energising Uranus, hints at the chance to increase your income and your reputation. If it shows up and feels right, then go for it, Aries. The Leo Moon encourages you to do something fun, rather than get stuck into weekend chores. Something that gets you out in the fresh air is perfect. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 If you feel restless today, it’s very likely due to a lunar tie spurring you onwards and upwards. Getting bored of your everyday routine and lifestyle? If so, you may wonder why you put up with it. With electric Uranus ongoing in your sign, the call to embrace change has been ringing out loud and clear for a while now, and every step you take is forging a new you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 There’s a convivial atmosphere showing, that makes this a great day for social events and get-togethers of all kinds. The Moon in charismatic Leo adds a buoyant note to activities, especially as its uplifting ties suggest most people will be in a good mood. If you have a plan or project on the go, this is a great time to connect with others for help and advice, or to market your work. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 As the Moon glides through Leo and your shopping zone this weekend, you may be ready for some retail therapy. With some positive aspects on the go, you’ll be very happy with what you get as it’s likely something you’ve been looking for, for a while. The Moon then goes on to angle towards Uranus, and it’s at this time you might make an impulsive purchase you’ll regret. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 As the Moon triggers trendsetter Uranus in a prominent zone, you may be reminded of your mission to accomplish something remarkable. Do you want to stand out from the crowd? If so, this might spur you on to get moving on a key ambition. Is something holding you back? It may be that you haven’t set a definite goal or made a plan. Do so, and everything can change, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Have difficulty understanding someone’s motives? Mercury, newly in Pisces, could bring a few revelations. Wondering if a relationship is good for you or not? You may soon be about to find out. Once understanding dawns, don’t wait around, Virgo. You have an uncanny ability to root out secrets by getting people to open up. Someone may share something that delights you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 This looks to be a good weekend for a party or big event, as the fun-loving Leo Moon can coincide with a delightful atmosphere. And if you’re going on a special date, it looks to be everything you hope for and more. The Sun and Mercury in your wellness zone, could inspire you to get into shape. With a plan and some discipline, you could do well and reach your targets. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The Sun and Mercury in your leisure zone, put the emphasis on self-expression, creativity and romance. If you get an entrepreneurial idea, then go for it Scorpio, after all what have you got to lose. Plus, the Moon in a prominent sector, suggests you’ll stand out from the crowd. If there’s something you want to promote or you have a message to share, this is a good time to go ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Ready to reshuffle your priorities? The Moon/Uranus tie, can inspire you to rethink your day and make it more interesting. Perhaps you prefer to study more, are keen to start your own business or work towards a promotion. Maybe you’re looking for better health or time to relax? If you have an inkling to move forward with anything, thinking out of the box can make it a success. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Today could be a tad distracting, but you’ll discover something that might be a bonus. You’ll be led on a trail to new opportunities, information or an understanding that enlivens and ramps up your potential. Mercury in your communication zone, brings many opportunities to liaise with others. And by using your intuition, you’ll get the best deals or win during key negotiations. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Stoic Saturn moves out of your sign and into your money zone next week. For now, it’s in the last degree of Aquarius, so you may be feeling some pressure to resolve an issue or get closure on a situation. There might also be an urgency to get something completed that’s important to you, and can help enhance your reputation. There’s plenty of time, but it might not feel like it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Trust your gut, and doors could swing open for you. Upbeat lunar ties encourage you to talk about ideas that may be different to anything you’ve discussed before. Whether these relate to your money or to other equally important issues, getting them out in the open can net you support from unexpected quarters. Every connection you forge could be a source of treasure. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 26 to March 4 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : Mars retrograde slows everything down – your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the period