A nine-year-old dog who has spent more than 500 days in kennels is looking for his forever home. In September 2021, ‘shy but sweet’ beagle cross Charlie arrived at RSPCA Brent Knoll Animal Centre. For the past 18 months, the adorable dog has watched fellow rescue animals arrive and leave the centre to go to new families. Sadly, however, Charlie has not found an owner yet himself. Staff at RSPCA are now calling Charlie ‘Britain’s loneliest dog’ due to the amount of time he has spent living at the centre. ‘It’s safe to say that this boy is a special lad and is the team’s favourite,’ said Andy Cook, the branch’s Behaviour and Welfare Advisor. Andy added: ‘He is loving life at RSPCA Brent Knoll Animal Centre and joins the team every morning for tea break.’ ‘However, as much as we all adore Charlie, we would love nothing better than to see him in a wonderful new home. He’s such a playful and affectionate dog who deserves to find his special place in someone’s heart and home. ‘We can’t understand why he’s not yet been adopted and really hope that someone out there will give this gorgeous rescue dog the second chance he needs.’ Before his arrival at the centre, Charlie had lived in a home where he witnessed domestic abuse and confrontation. Because of these previous experiences, he can be anxious around unfamiliar people, especially men. But this hasn’t deterred Charlie’s ability to love. Once he becomes comfortable, he adores nothing more than being around human friends. The rescue centre has described his ideal home as an adult-only abode, or somewhere with older children of secondary school age. Charlie needs an experienced owner who can help with his nervousness and help him build his confidence. ‘Alongside cuddles and snuggles, playful Charlie also enjoys ragger and squeaky toys, as well as running around with zoomies and rolling around on the floor with his toys,’ the centre added. ‘Charlie is anxious around dogs so would like to enjoy a life where he can be exercised away from other dogs.’ Could you be the one to change his life? Find out more about Charlie on the RSPCA website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Hero dog leads firefighters to baby trapped in bedroom of burning house MORE : Adorable dog who was ‘left for dead’ learns to use prosthetic leg MORE : ‘Bear brought me back to life’: Woman credits dog for helping her through mental health journey