Sunday’s Match Of The Day 2 will run for a reduced 15 minutes as the Gary Lineker impartiality row continues to disrupt programming. Meanwhile, coverage of the Women’s Super League match between Chelsea and Manchester United today aired without a pre-match presentation, and with world feed commentary used instead of regular BBC presenters. Match Of The Day aired for only 20 minutes on Saturday without accompanying commentary or analysis from pundits following a boycott in ‘solidarity’ with former England player Lineker. Uncertainty over Match Of The Day 2 grew yesterday, when Match Of The Day aired for only 20 minutes without accompanying commentary or analysis from pundits following a boycott in ‘solidarity’ with former England player Lineker. Then, main presenter Mark Chapman was absent from his BBC radio duties and Jermain Defoe announced he had pulled out of appearing as a pundit on the highlights show. For a second day, Radio 5 Live also replaced its usual live sports coverage with pre-recorded content, such as the podcast Sport’s Strangest Crimes. The station did provide match commentary from its two scheduled Premier League games on Sunday afternoon but the sports presenter admitted it had been a ‘very difficult decision’ to come on air. Ahead of the Fulham game against Arsenal, Alistair Bruce-Ball said: ‘It’s been a very difficult decision to make personally – I can assure you it’s not been taken lightly – but I’m a BBC staff member, I’m a radio commentator for this station and, just like yesterday, we are here to provide our football service to you, our audience.’ Former BBC executive Peter Salmon, who was previously controller of BBC One and director of sport, told Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg the situation is ‘complex’ and Lineker is a ‘major figure’. He added: ‘Twenty-five years in Match Of The Day – he’s more than just a TV presenter, he’s a national figure. ‘He’s got views, he’s got passions, he’s been involved in looking after Ukrainian refugees. It may be that Gary’s outgrown the job and the role in the BBC. ‘Twenty-five years in, before that Des Lynam, Gary took over, he’s been brilliant. Sometimes there’s a point at which you cross the line.’ Despite criticism, though, BBC general director Tim Davie, while apologising for the chaos, has vowed not to resign. He did add that it had been a ‘difficult day’, saying: ‘I’m sorry audiences have been affected and they haven’t got the programming.’ In an interview in Washington DC, he continued: ‘As a keen sports fan I know to miss programming is a real blow and I’m sorry about that. ‘We are working very hard to resolve this situation and make sure we get output on air.’ Lineker initially made headlines after criticising the government’s immigration policy. The football pundit compared the UK government’s language around migrants to the language used in 1930s Germany, on his personal Twitter account. As a result and causing great controversy, the BBC asked the 62-year-old to step back from hosting duties ‘until an agreement is reached on his social media use’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC’s Laura Kuenssberg comes under fire for ‘extraordinarily biased’ reporting of Gary Lineker impartiality row MORE : BBC commentator explains ‘difficult decision’ to continue on Radio Five Live amid Gary Lineker row 