The King will offer Prince Harry and Meghan a place to stay at Buckingham Palace when they visit the UK after they were evicted from their UK home, according to a new report. The couple may be offered Prince Andrew’s old suite, where he is said to have brought model girlfriends back and slept with a teddy bear collection. The olive branch is to be extended after they were told to remove their belongings from Frogmore Cottage, Daily Mail reports. Charles reportedly made the decision the day after Harry’s explosive memoir Spare hit shelves. He is said to think Harry ‘crossed a line’ with the book – with accusations made against Camilla taken as ‘the last straw’. Yet, a Sussex spokesperson has confirmed Harry and Meghan have been invited to his coronation in May. They refused to say if they will accept. Frogmore Cottage has reportedly been offered to shamed Prince Andrew, who is believed to be ‘resisting’ the move’. He would prefer to stay in his 30-room Royal Lodge mansion in Windsor where he has lived for more than 20 years. Charles is said to be chopping the estimated £249,000 payout his brother used to receive from the Queen’s private fortune every year. The ‘substantial cut’ will mean he will no longer be able to afford the upkeep and running costs of his mansion and he is predicted to be ‘out by September’. An insider previously claimed that his ex-wife, Sarah, Duchess of York, was ‘distraught’ as she has been living with him at the Royal Lodge. This residence may be given to the Prince and Princess of Wales and their three children, it’s understood. The family is currently living in the much smaller Adelaide Cottage in Windsor. They are said to be ‘very happy’ there, but it has been deemed ‘unsuitable’ long term. Adelaide Cottage may be given to Andrew’s youngest daughter, Eugenie, who is pregnant with her second child. She was renting Frogmore from her cousin Harry, who she is said to be still close to, despite his tensions with many other members of the family. The big shuffle comes as the King makes an effort to create a ‘slimmed-down’ monarchy. It’s understood Charles won’t leave his brother or other non-working royals homeless or broke. But he simply wants family members to ‘use their own money to pay for things’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.