Have you ever been to Hong Kong? Maybe this year you will – and for free too. That’s because the Hong Kong government is giving away a whopping 500,000 tickets to tourists worldwide, totally free of charge. That’s half a million travel dreams come true. What’s the catch, we hear you ask? Suspend your disbelief, but there actually isn’t one. The scheme aims to boost tourism in the country, with visitors offered the gratis getaway no strings attached. Hong Kong saw one of the strictest lockdowns during the pandemic and has struggled with tourism over the last few years due to civil unrest, so it’s hoped this will entice holidaymakers to consider the destination. Introduced by leader John Lee Ka-chiu, the project is part of the ‘Hello Hong Kong’ campaign which will end up costing the region HK$2 billion (£212 million) to run. Airline Cathay Pacific kicked off the launch, saying it will be giving away 80,000 fares to passengers from South-East Asian countries. Chinese travellers will be able to sign up from April 1, while Brits and the rest of Europe will have to wait until May 1. Set your alarms now folks, as it’s likely to be popular. The airlines involved in the scheme include Cathay Pacific, HK Express, Hong Kong Airlines and Greater Bay Airlines. Even better news, it’s not just the flights that are on offer, but plenty of things to do as well. You can get discounts on restaurants, shops, museums and more. You’ll even get a free drink at selected bars. So how do you sign up? According to the Discover Hong Kong website, you can book your trip with one of the online travel portals and travel agents around the world. Check out the list of participating partners here. If you manage to grab the free flights then you can sign up for the discounted amenities on arrival to Hong Kong. Simply visit one of the Tourism Board Visitor Centres once you get there to collect your visitor consumption voucher in person. Happy days. Do you have a story you want to share? Email MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk to tell us more. MORE : ‘We earn more money travelling the world than we did from our jobs back home’ MORE : Feast on these incredible snaps from the National Geographic Traveller Photography Awards