A formerly prominent lawyer has been found guilty of murdering his wife and younger son. Alex Murdaugh, 54, was convicted on all four counts by a jury on Thursday. He faced two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife Maggie, 52, and son Paul, 22, in their family rural estate on June 7, 2021. He also faced two counts of possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime. The jury came to a verdict after deliberating for almost three hours and after hearing from more than 70 witnesses over five weeks. Maggie and Paul were discovered with multiple gunshot wounds close to the dog kennels at the estate in Moselle. Alex called 911 to report their deaths. Alex’s family stood by him in the aftermath of the murders and testified in his defense. Alex did not seem to show emotion as the verdict was read, and remained standing afterward. He was silently escorted in handcuffs out of the Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro. His older son, Buster, sat with his hand covering his mouth in the courtroom. The verdict comes a day after the jury visited the estate. Lead prosecutor Creighton Waters told jurors in his closing arguments on Wednesday that Alex was the only person ‘who had the motive, who had the means, who had the opportunity to commit these crimes’. Waters cast Alex as adept at lying and anticipating how jurors would absorb the case. ‘This is an individual who was trained to understand how to put together cases, complex cases. He’s been a prosecutor,’ said Waters. ‘He’s given closing arguments to juries before. So when you have a defendant like that, be thinking about whether or not this individual is constructing defenses and alibis.’ The defense team argued that the state did not meet the burden to prove Alex guilty and accused prosecutors of only looking at their client in who committed the crime. Defense attorney Jim Griffin in his closing arguments on Thursday raised evidence that investigators did not collect some DNA, fingerprints and foot imprints, and played clips of witnesses for the prosecution testifying that Alex loved his wife and son. ‘Even if the financial day of reckoning was impending, if it was right there, he would not have killed the people he loved the most in the world,’ said Griffin. ‘There’s no evidence that he would do that.’ Alex faces 30 years to life in prison for the murder charge. Prosecutors previously said they were seeking a life sentence without the possibility of parole. His sentencing was not carried out on Thursday ‘given the lateness of the hour and the victims’ rights that must be taken into consideration’, said Judge Clifton Newman. The court is set to reconvene at 9.30am Friday for the sentencing. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.