After months of speculation, waiting and eager anticipation, the UK’s entry for the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest has finally been announced – and it’s Mae Muller! The announcement was made on Thursday March 9 on Zoe Ball’s BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show, with presenter Rylan Clark coming on the air to join in the celebration. The big reveal of the UK’s act comes after tickets went on sale for the Liverpool-based competition this week, with fans clamouring to get onto Ticketmaster so that they could bag themselves seats at the live semi finals and grand final. The majority of the contestants taking part in this year’s Eurovision, as well as the songs they’ll be performing when the spectacle begins, have already been revealed. Ahead of the UK’s act officially being unveiled to the public, it was claimed that the selection as to who would be following in Sam Ryder’s footsteps had been leaked. Speaking on Radio 2 with Zoe and Rylan, Mae, 25, revealed that she’d known that she would be representing the UK for two months. Her track for the competition is called I Wrote A Song, her first solo release of 2023. ‘This is the most surreal thing,’ Mae said on the radio, while Rylan added that he reckons once Eurovision fans listen the song, they won’t be able to stop hearing it in their heads. Zoe also pointed out that Mae was born the same year that the UK last won Eurovision, in 1997. Meanwhile, Mae revealed that the day before she was confirmed for the competition, former competitor Sam sent her some voicenotes with some tips on what she can expect. Reporting that Mae had been chosen ahead of the official announcement, a source told the Daily Mail: ‘Mae is an extraordinary talent and there is little doubt that she will do the country proud and hopefully replicate the success and euphoria that Sam brought to last year’s competition. ‘A lot of time and effort has gone into picking the best singer for the job, she might not be a household name yet and of course the people who selected her are expecting people to ask who she is but they think the nation will love her, as will those across Europe.’ Mae has worked with an array of artists throughout her career, including rapper Aitch and DJ Sigala, as well as performing as a support act for Little Mix. Having appeared in the music video for Mika’s song Grace Kelly in 2007 when she was a child, she released her debut studio album, Chapter 1, in 2019. That same year, she supported Little Mix on their tour LM5: The Tour, before heading on her own national tour for the first time. Mae has achieved huge levels of success on streaming with her music, with her 2022 track I Just Came To Dance being streamed on Spotify more than 2.5million times as of March 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : After Sam Ryder’s Eurovision success, it’s time to give a British alt-pop girl a go MORE : Eurovision tickets being flogged for up to £12,000 after host Rylan Clark lashes out at ‘ridiculous prices’ 