Gary Lineker has hit out at the ‘ridiculously out of proportion story’ that has arisen over his comments criticizing the government’s asylum policy. The Match of the Day presenter blasted the newly announced controversial policy to stop illegal boats carrying migrants from reaching the UK on Tuesday. He’s since faced intense backlash, and rumours circulated surrounding disciplinary action by the BBC. However, he has now confirmed he’ll be back on our screens on Saturday, commenting on how ‘overwhelming’ it has all been. In a tweet on Thursday, Lineker wrote: ‘Well, it’s been an interesting couple of days. ‘Happy that this ridiculously out of proportion story seems to be abating and very much looking forward to presenting @BBCMOTD on Saturday. ‘Thanks again for all your incredible support. It’s been overwhelming.’ The footballer-turned-pundit had responded to a video by Home Secretary Suella Braverman on Twitter in which she called to ‘stop the boats’ with a new Illegal Migration Bill, calling it an ‘immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s.’ ‘Good heavens, this is beyond awful,’ he wrote. ‘There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. ‘This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?’ When asked by reporters on Thursday if he stands by his tweet, Lineker replied: ‘Course’. When asked ‘Do you fear getting suspended?’ he replied: ‘No’. His comments were widely condemned by Tory politicians, who urged the BBC to take action. It was later reported that Lineker had been spoken to by the BBC following the comments, with some reports claiming his job could be at risk, while Braverman has been asked to respond on interviews with the likes of Good Morning Britain and BBC Breakfast. Braverman later said she is ‘obviously disappointed’ about his comments. ‘I think it is unhelpful to compare our measures which are lawful, proportionate and indeed compassionate to 1930s Germany,’ she said. ‘I also think we are on the side of the British people here. ‘It’s plain for anyone to see that the British people have had enough of this situation of thousands of people coming her illegally at huge cost to the taxpayer and undermining our laws and in fact the British generosity,’ she added while appearing on BBC News Breakfast on Wednesday. Braverman added: ‘That needs to stop. We need to take necessary steps now to ensure that if you are coming here illegally you will be detained and will be removed and that is what this bill will do.’ Match of the Day airs Saturday at 10pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gary Lineker ‘won’t face any disciplinary action from BBC’ over Nazi Germany comments MORE : Gary Lineker ‘doesn’t fear suspension by BBC’ as he stands by Nazi Germany comments 