The full-length trailer for the live action remake of The Little Mermaid dropped during Sunday night’s Oscars, but not everyone was a fan. In fact, the new glimpse of the hotly anticipated flick left some people ‘horrified’, with many pointing out how ‘scary’ Sebastian the crab looked in the trailer. Voiced by Daveed Diggs, the chirpy crustacean is a friend of Ariel’s and famously accompanies her to the ocean’s surface in the Disney classic, but it seems people weren’t ready to see the critter in live action form. Shortly after the trailer aired, Disney fans flooded Twitter not just to gush about the film’s star, Halle Bailey, but also to say that Sebastian had sent shivers down their spines. One person wrote: ‘That Little Mermaid trailer is horrifying. What the hell is Sebastian?! You would have thought that after Lion King Disney would have learned that putting dancing and singing cartoon characters into realistic animals doesn’t work. But nope. Here we are with an actual crab.’ Another person tweeted: ‘I’m sorry I know it’s a live action but Sebastian being a full ass crab has sent me into a different dimension dvsjdvdj,’ while someone else said: ‘Sebastian being an actual real crab scares me.’ Other comments included: ‘Knew it was gonna be weird having an anatomically correct crab for Sebastian, but didn’t know just how weird’ and ‘Congrats to Tamatoa from Moana for no longer being the most horrifying Disney crab.’ The new two-minute trailer opens with dramatic storm scenes as Ariel (Bailey) rushes to save Prince Eric (Jonah Hauer-King) from drowning. As he’s tossed from his burning ship into the dark depths of the ocean, Ariel is seen rescuing him and taking him to safety on the beach. Remaining faithful to the Disney classic, Ariel is seen gazing tenderly at him on the beach before being frightened away by his men coming to find him. The trailer also offered a first glimpse of Javier Bardem as King Triton with a magnificent beard and chest plate. But clearly, nothing quite compared to poor old Sebastian’s appearance. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Disney for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Andrew Garfield becomes a meme again within first few minutes of Oscars thanks to his face MORE : Why did Tom Cruise not attend the Oscars after being hailed for ‘saving’ cinema with Top Gun: Maverick? 