Jonnie Irwin made his return to A Place In The Sun over the weekend amid his terminal cancer battle. The 49-year-old TV presenter, who revealed in November 2022 that he is battling terminal cancer, hosted a live show for the BBC programme in Manchester on Sunday. Over the weekend, Jonnie shared a picture on Instagram of clothes laid out ready on his bed, including a woolly hat, scarf, socks and a warm coat. He wrote: ‘Selecting wardrobe for @aplaceinthesunofficial LIVE Tomorrow in Manchester. It’s an early start and as I’m not fit enough to run for the train atm I’m prepping the night before. My wife can’t quite believe it! ‘Cold weather calls for wool, wool, and more wool. It’s also are rare thing for @jasmineharman and myself to both be there on a Sunday so please coming along and we’ll hopefully see you there. @mcr_central.’ Fans were quick to reply with kind messages, with one follower urging him to keep wrapped up warm. ‘Jonnie I watched you today on a place in the sun then escape to the country you are a fabulous presenter I hope your feeling well it is cold here in Manchester get your woolies on,’ they replied. Another fan added: ‘Best of luck today Johnnie! Delighted to hear you’re teaming up with your old pal Jasmine for a day of doing what you two do so well, inform educate and entertain.’ One other person wrote: ‘Enjoy being back with the team. Have fun doing your job again.’ Last month, Jonnie revealed he had begun hyperbaric oxygen therapy amid his battle with terminal lung cancer. Alongside photos of a bridge in Newcastle and a zip-up portable chamber, Jonnie wrote on Instagram: ‘And at the end of this walk…is this…hyperbaric oxygen therapy (sic).’ A hyperbaric chamber provides patients with pure oxygen to breathe. Due to the extreme air pressure, patients’ lungs are able to take in an increased amount of oxygen. Jonnie was diagnosed with lung cancer in August 2020, and he was told that he terminally ill after filming an episode of A Place in the Sun in Italy. He previously said: ‘Within a week of flying back from filming, I was being given six months to live. ‘I had to go home and tell my wife, who was looking after our babies, that she was on her own pretty much. That was devastating. All I could do was apologise to her. I felt so responsible.’ MORE : Jonnie Irwin reveals plans to ‘speak to wife and children’ after death following terminal cancer diagnosis MORE : A Place In The Sun’s Jonnie Irwin ‘given hope in an otherwise hopeless situation’ from cancer survivor following his terminal diagnosis 