A man who left his job as a delivery driver now earns more than £35,000 a year working as a professional flatpack furniture assembler. Mohammed Amin, 28, was looking for more ways to make money in his previous job when he decided to buy himself a van. He began earning extra money by completing odd jobs for people such as building and removing furniture. But when he quickly saw demand grow for furniture building services, he realised he could turn it into a full-time job. Mohammed left his delivery driver days behind and now rakes in roughly £3,000 a month to put up sofas, tables, and desks for DIY-shy customers. The jobs can take him anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours each time. The handyman, from Whitechapel, in east London, said: ‘You can be working for a company and build up their empire, most jobs that require a man in a van I will take on and the odd other jobs I have been doing involve assembling and dissembling furniture. ‘If people need help changing a room around I do a bit of that too, I thought, ”I can do this. I can make a lot of money.” ‘It came to the point where I didn’t want to work for anyone and I wanted to get out there and get the job done.’ Mohammed started his side hustle in early 2022 after being urged sign up to Airtasker, a local services marketplace. He was able to leave his previous venture just four months in after earning more than £12,000. The DIY-expert estimates to have done around 330 tasks for people since starting just over a year ago. He manages the steady salary working just 30 hours a week and was even recognised as one of Airtasker’s Top Taskers in 2022 for his services on the app.  Mohammed mainly takes ‘day jobs’ that can be quickly completed in order to maximise his daily work rate. Mohammed continued: ‘Most of my jobs are a man in a van job, I am very hands-on. ‘I dissemble and reassemble furniture, if people need to move items, I take that on too. ‘I quit my old job as I started to see that I can do more jobs and earn more doing what I do now compared to my old job.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.