Love Island star Davide Sanclimenti might not have proposed to Ekin-Su Culculoglu on their romantic holiday to the Maldives, but he’s said marriage plans are in their future. The couple, who won the eighth season of the reality series last year, have sparked speculation of an engagement several times, however Davide, 27, says he will be waiting a little longer to get down on one knee. During their holiday, the couple posed for photos during a sunset, with fans questioning whether they were announcing some news with the romantic snaps. But Davide has now reminded people that he only met his girlfriend, 28, six months ago, and still wants to take time to get to know each other better. ‘Even if we are so close, the reality is that we [have] known each other six months, so it would be nice to see at least a two-year relationship before you commit for life,’ he said. ‘This is what I always will delight with fans to understand, that even if everything is perfect, it seems a dream, you need to be realistic. ‘And before you get engaged for life, I think it would be wise to wait two years at least, you know, so you can discover more about the other person,’ he told the Daily Mail. He added: ‘We have always been true and genuine with ourselves, so when we came out [of Love Island] it could either go very bad or could either go very well as it’s doing.’ Speaking about their holiday, he shared that it had given them two weeks where they could relax without any work commitments. ‘Just time for me and Ekin, time for good food and sun,’ he said. ‘Because after the show, there’s always been someone from my side or from Ekin’s side and we could never have time for ourselves, you know, quality time.’ The trip came after Eki-Su was eliminated from Dancing on Ice earlier this month. On her very first episode on the show, she became the target of over 100 Ofcom complaints, with viewers taking issue with her sexy routine and risqué bodysuit. When asked about the backlash, Davide said he didn’t see the problem. ‘If I am the boyfriend then for me the outfit is fine. It’s completely covered,’ he said. ‘Why people should speak, you know? She was more naked on Love Island in a bikini!’ He added: ‘People are more naked there than on Dancing On Ice so I feel like it shouldn’t have been an important aspect.’ While the couple clearly enjoyed themselves on their holiday abroad, it seemed like there might have been trouble in paradise when Davide shared on social media that someone posing as a maintenance worker had tried to gain access to their home while they were away. He then suggested he had contacted the police to investigate further. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Davide Sanclimenti reveals Dancing on Ice producers wanted him to compete on the show with Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu but training commitments were too much MORE : Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu calls for donations in Turkey appeal after family members are forced to sleep outside 