The upcoming final season of The Crown may be wrapping up years before the end of Queen Elizabeth’s reign, but new photos from the set appear to show scenes depicting King Charles’ rise to the throne. Since premiering back in 2016, the Netflix drama has followed the late Queen’s role leading the monarchy, with Imelda Staunton to continue playing her in the sixth season. Although the creators have already confirmed the final episodes will wrap up during the 1990s, it appears like some scenes will show a flash-forward where Elizabeth watches on as her son takes over after her passing. Fans are set to see the Queen walking through a Union Jack filled street as revellers run around her as if she is not there. Grim faced, she appears to look on gloomily as a portrait style sign at The Queen’s Head pub is taken down and replaced with one of King Charles and renamed The King’s Head. Footage of the sure-to-be emotional moments appeared online after students at London School of Economics filmed Imelda, 67, as she recorded the scene near their university building in Central London. The cast and crew of the series have been seen filming around the capital in recent weeks, with one scene last week recreating an iconic moment in the Royal Family’s history. Notable cast members including Imelda, Jonathan Pryce (King Charles), Dominic West (Prince Charles) and Lesley Manville (Princess Margaret) were seen, as well as the two actors taking over the roles of Prince’s William and Harry, as they filmed scenes set during the Queen’s Thanksgiving service for her 50th wedding anniversary in 1997. In other photos from set, the Duke of Edinburgh was shown waving towards the cameras as the Queen, who is wearing a striking blue outfit, looked on smiling. The filming of the family event took place in Greenwich, with other cast members also in attendance including Claudia Harrison, who plays Princess Anne, and Marcia Warren, who plays the Queen Mother. The event on November 20 1997 marked the first time the Royal Family had appeared at the Westminster Abbey in London since the funeral of Princess Diana two months earlier. The death of Diana will also feature in the next season; however this inclusion has seen the creators come under fire for filming ‘distressing’ scenes that are said to show her being covered in blood in hospital, and in an open casket after her death. However, Elizabeth Debicki, who plays the late Princess, has previously said the entire cast and crew were also doing ‘their utmost to really handle everything with such sensitivity and truth and complexity’. Metro.co.uk has contacted Netflix for comment. The Crown is streaming on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What crown will King Charles III be coronated with? MORE : Helena Bonham Carter reckons The Crown should have ended years ago: ‘It’s no longer a historical drama’ 