Mrs Brown’s Boys will be back on screens later this year with a miniseries set to air for the first time in a decade. The long-running BBC series, which sees Brendan O’Carroll star as matriarch Agnes Brown, is typically known for its popular Christmas specials which air each December. It’s been 10 years since fans were treated to an actual Mrs Brown’s Boys series, with the last one airing in 2013. However, Brendan, 67, has announced there will be a short run later this year with scenes being filmed in spring for the four episodes. The comedian said in a statement: ‘This mini-series was actually planned for 2021. Having been thwarted twice, firstly by Covid-19 and then by a post-Covid shortage of studios, it’s fantastic to, at last, have the chance to make it happen.’ He then warned: ‘Fasten your seatbelts and hold on to your hats!’ BBC bosses are equally delighted to have the show back, with Josh Cole, head of comedy at BBC Studios, and Steven Canny, executive producer, saying: ‘There’s no one quite like Mrs Brown. An absolute force of outrageous wit and slapstick that has audiences hooked and belly laughing. It’s great to be back.’ Jon Petrie, director of comedy, added: ‘BBC Comedy are pleased to announce that after a decade since the last full series of Mrs Brown’s Boys, millions of viewers around the UK will be thrilled to hear that Brendan is bringing Agnes and the family back together for a brand-new mini-series of his award-winning show.’ However, not everyone will be pleased to see the return of the long-running comedy, as many viewers called for the series to be axed after a ‘painful’ New Year’s special in 2022. The episode, titled Mammy’s Hair Loom, was one of four to be shown and saw the once loved fictional character navigate life in Finglas for the second time in a couple of days. Reacting to the special, one viewer wrote: ‘Don’t understand why people like #mrsbrownsboys it’s not funny. There is nothing funny about a bloke in a dress unless it’s Rupals Drag Race Please someone explain why our licence fee is spent on rubbish like Mrs BB [sic]’. Another penned: ‘A five year old could write a better script than this. How the f**k is this being recommissioned year after year?? #MrsBrownsBoys [sic]’. ‘Not even 24 hours in to 2023 & already Mrs Brown’s Boys is on TV!!! That’s this year ruined! Thanks a lot BBC [sic],’ one viewer despaired. However, not all comments were negative reviews with some of the show’s audience applauding it for its comedic efforts. All 43 previous episodes of Mrs Brown’s Boys are available to enjoy on BBC iPlayer while viewers await the new mini-series. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Everything Everywhere All at Once cast and crew sweep Independent Spirit Awards with 7 wins MORE : Kelsey Parker to support Siva Kaneswaran as he pays tribute to Tom Parker on Dancing On Ice 