Jeremy Paxman has revealed he was rushed to hospital after suffering chest pains. The veteran broadcaster, 72, has recalled the frightening moment he was hit with a sudden pain in his chest while at home. He said he was not initially too worried as he believed heart attacks are usually accompanied by tingling in the arms, but his partner insisted he go to hospital. ‘I was minding my own business, watching a family of squirrels chasing up and down the tree outside my window, when I was seized by a pain in my chest,’ he wrote in a column for Saga Magazine. ‘I have read enough to know that heart attacks are usually accompanied by pains down the arm… I assumed I was all right.’ His girlfriend however insisted they go to hospital, which they did via taxi due to ambulance strikes taking place on the day. Jeremy heaped praise on his German-born cardiac specialist for looking after him, and by midnight he appeared well enough that his partner left for home to take the dog out. However the couple’s medical issues were only just beginning, as Jeremy revaeld that she stepped out of the taxi at their home and fell ‘straight into a hole dug for gas-mains repairs, breaking her ankle..’ After spending the night at home, she headed into A&E the next morning to get her broken ankle looked at, and the couple then left hospital together. But just hours later, Jeremy writes, his partner became convinced he was ‘breathing oddly.’ ‘Suddenly, with no warning, I was attacked by my chair and thrown against the leg of my desk.’ The broadcaster hit his head hard against his desk, noting there was ‘an awful lot of blood on the floor and down the back of my shirt.’ This time Jeremy took an ambulance to hospital, joking he was shown to his ‘usual bed’ and brought for a CT scan before being ‘wired up to the familiar machines.’ The former University Challenge host added that he was allowed home around midnight and did not need to stay the night, despite his head being ‘glued together’ and looking like he had been ‘involved in a rather vicious punch-up.’ He took the time to praise all those who had helped him and his partner in the dizzying 24 hours, saying he felt ‘ very lucky to have received such excellent treatment from a workforce genuinely world-recruited.’ Jeremy’s full column can be found in the March issue of Saga Magazine, out now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : University Challenge viewers obsess over Jeremy Paxman’s adorable festive jumper MORE : Jeremy Paxman reveals his plans for retirement now he’s finished filming University Challenge 