Dame Deborah James’s documentary filmed until her final weeks will air this spring on BBC Two. After a nearly six year battle with bowel cancer, Dame Deborah died aged 40 in June 2022. The BBC podcast presenter, campaigner and blogger known as ‘Bowel Babe’ had been diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in 2016 and was told early on that she may not live beyond five years. Charting her cancer journey on her Instagram account as well as her podcast; You, Me and the Big C Dame Deborah also raised more than £6million for Cancer Research UK in the final weeks of her life. The feature-length film is set to feature never seen before mobile phone footage, James’ collection of Tik Tok videos, Instagram posts, You Me and the Big C podcasts, family videos and her voice notes. Commissioning editor of BBC Storyville, Lucie Kon said: ‘Deborah worked with us on this film right up until the last few weeks of her life and was adamant that it was finished even though she wouldn’t be around to see it through. ‘It’s an incredibly powerful and beautiful piece – emotional, intimate and unique.  With enormous warmth and good humour, the documentary echoes the powerful, honest and direct way that Deborah communicated, as if she were talking to a friend or confidant.’ James’ Bowelbabe Fund for Cancer Research UK has raised more than £7.5 million through its online appeal and her posthumously published book How To Live When You Could Be Dead has continued to bring in funds from sales. Dame Deborah’s sister, Sarah Wieczorek, also spoke about the late campaigner during a BBC live special, saying she could ‘never settle’ and would do things to the ‘best’ of her ability. Saying that her sister was ‘the same as she’s always been’ during her cancer battle and public fundraising efforts, she added: ‘I don’t think the cancer changed her actually, either. So that was the nice thing. It was her personality [in her public work].’ Sarah said she would particularly remember her sister’s ‘spontaneity’ and her laugh. Her brother added: ‘I think it’s not, like, specific images, kind of just the annoying – but very caring – things [she did]. Make sure that you kind of live everything really well.’ BowelBabe: In Her Own Words airs this spring on BBC Two. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC officially drops long-awaited Race Across the World series 3 trailer MORE : Autumnwatch petition to save beloved programme reaches 150,000 signatures as creator accuses BBC of ‘ignoring’ fans 