The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have reportedly confirmed they have been invited to King Charles’ coronation. But Prince Harry and Meghan have refused to say whether they plan on attending on May 6. A Sussex spokesperson told The Times: ‘I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty’s office regarding the coronation. ‘An immediate decision on whether The Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time.’ Buckingham Palace has been contacted for confirmation. It comes following months of speculation over whether the couple would be welcome at the historic event. It appeared uncertain after Harry wrote a memoir and the couple did a Netflix show that carried a string of claims about the Royal Family. In his book Spare, the duke claimed the Prince of Wales physically attacked him in a row over Meghan. He also seemed to confirm reports of a rocky relationship between his wife and the Princess of Wales by sharing texts showing a tense exchange over a bridesmaid dress. Charles was accused of not hugging his son after Princess Diana died in a car crash, while Harry said he feared Camilla, the Queen Consort, would be his ‘wicked stepmother’. The Royal Family hasn’t commented on any of the claims, but the King is said to have been ‘hit hard’ by the allegations. Reports suggest he believes Harry has ‘crossed a line’, which led him to evict his son and his wife from their UK home. Harry and Meghan’s spokesperson confirmed earlier this week that a ‘request’ had been made for them to give up Frogmore Cottage. Last night, Harry sat down with ‘trauma expert’ Dr Gabor Maté for a revealing 90-minute conversation. He said he always ‘felt different from the rest of his family’ and opened up about his upbringing in a ‘broken home’. The duke also spoke about his drug use, saying marijuana ‘really helped’ him cope with his mental health struggles, while cocaine ‘did nothing’ for him. The war in Afghanistan and the attitudes of British soldiers towards the conflict was also discussed. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.