We have our 2023 Dancing On Ice winners, people! After a nail-biting final of showcases and perfect 40s with The Vivienne, Joey Essex, and Nile Wilson, there could only be one couple to lift the trophy. And it was Nile and professional partner Olivia who secured the title of Dancing On Ice champions 2023 in a truly spectacular moment. Drag queen The Vivienne – real name James Lee Williams – and partner Colin Grafton were announced earlier on as third place, narrowly missing out on the chance to skate Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean’s iconic Olympic routine. And after two gorgeous boleros from tearful gymnast Nile and pro Olivia, and Towie’s Joey and partner Vanessa Bauer, it was certainly a tough one to call. Understandably, winner Nile was left in a real state of shock when his name was called by host Phillip Schofield. He delivered a heartfelt acceptance speech as he thanked audiences at home for their support. ‘If Dancing On Ice has anything to say of entertainment, we’ve got 11 human beings all different shapes and sizes stood on this stage tonight with an allocated time to get good at something and we proved that we can do that,’ he said. ‘So what an inspirational show. If you put your mind to something and you work hard you can achieve anything you want.’ He also thanked everyone who voted for them and said he will be spending the night celebrating with the people who he ‘loves the most’. Runner-up Joey was also full of praise and congratulated the couple following their win, saying: ‘I’m so happy for Nile and Olivia. I missed a few steps but literally, the best time of my life, thank you, everyone.’ Viewers of the popular ITV skating show were thrilled that the sportsman won, after over one million votes were cast in the final alone. ‘Yes they won! Congratulations Nile & Olivia well deserved’, one viewer tweeted. ‘Huge congrats Nile and Olivia you were amazing from show one’, penned another. ‘Yessssssssss!! So happy, loved watching Nile skate he made it look effortless every week and tonight’s final was amazing, well done to Joey coming runner up I wanted it to be out of those 2 to win so I’m so happy!!’, tweeted another thrilled fan. Nile started off the final with a pirate-style showcase, choreographed by Jayne and Chris themselves. The routine earned them four 10s from the panel, after Nile showed off his gymnastic abilities and performed a handstand on parallel bars suspended in the air as well as the infamously difficult headbanger, the first time a male celebrity has attempted the move. After the performance, he said it was an ‘honour’ to have the routine choreographed by judges and former Olympic champion skaters Jayne and Chris. The night continued to be an emotional one for Nile, as he struggled to hold back his tears after performing his version of the Bolero. ‘We got to skate the most iconic ice dance of all time. And I knew this was Oliva’s dream as well. What an absolute pleasure, what a process it’s been. We’ve put our all into it and we gave 110% and you can see how much it means to us,’ he said proudly. But, reality TV royalty Joey certainly gave Nile a run for his money, having also earned a perfect 40 after he embodied the Greek hero Hercules for his first routine. The star performed a walkover and a backflip with his skating partner Vanessa while dressed in a white toga. Their Bolero later earned glowing praise from the judges too, as Chris told Joey: ‘You have come so far. I remember when we saw you on the ice way back when you couldn’t stand up, you were falling all over the place, it didn’t look like it was the job for you. ‘You’ve made us look silly because you’ve come here, you’ve gone through all the competition, you’ve got to Bolero and you finally performed that with emotion.’ Sadly, The Vivienne didn’t get to skate the famous 1984 routine, but she went out smiling after making history as the first drag queen on the show. ‘It’s been the most amazing experience,’ she said following her elimination. ‘I’m so used to living out of a suitcase on a tour bus or somewhere and this has given me structure in my life and I’ve got fit and I’ve met the most amazing friend in Colin.’ The final also saw the cast of 2023 return for one last routine, with the likes of Michelle Heaton, Mollie Gallagher, and Darren Harriott back on the ice to delight the crowd one final time. Dancing On Ice is available to stream on ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean unable to perform on Dancing On Ice final for the first time ever MORE : ‘My late mum was looking down on me during Dancing On Ice,’ says Joey Essex 