A hunter is on trial after killing and skinning two German shepherds he mistook for coyotes last November. Michael Konschak, a 61-year-old hunter from Carmel, New York faces felony charges of forgery and evidence tampering, as well as misdemeanor charges for illegal hunting and resisting arrest. The owners of the slain dogs and animal rights activists are hoping prosecutors will also charge him with animal cruelty. Erin Caviola, of Ridgefield, Connecticut, said that her 10-year-old German shepherds Cimo and Lieben both went missing on November 18. They somehow escaped their yard’s six-foot high fence and ran off into the surrounding woods. Caviola believes that a bear may have damaged the fence. The family keeps an apiary in the yard, and they believe the predator was trying to get at their beehives. The family began plastering the neighborhood with missing dog posters and working with local animal control to help locate the dogs. ‘We would drop everything the second we received a possible sighting and rush to the scene, only to be disappointed,’ Caviola wrote in a victim impact statement later read to the judge. ‘We would drive home frustrated, crying, feeling like we let down our innocent dogs who loved us unconditionally.’ Almost a month later, a stranger contacted Caviola and told her that he believed a man had posted photos of their dogs on Facebook – shot, skinned, and beheaded. Caviola looked at the photos and confirmed that they were Cimo and Lieben. She immediately called the police to open an investigation. The man who posted the photos on December 11, Michael Konschak, was hunting on a neighbor’s property on November 18 when he shot the dogs with a crossbow. The Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection eventually took over the case, and prosecutors charged him on January 10. He was slapped with additional charges on January 18 when investigators realized he forged the hunting registration documents needed in the state. Prosecutors also charged him with attempting to conceal evidence. In a post on Change.org, Caviola said that the hunter first tried to take the dogs to a taxidermist, who turned him away. He then ‘had their remains scattered throughout various locations in Connecticut and New York State,’ Caviola said. Although the family has recovered most of their remains, they say the hunter still has not returned the dogs’ heads. Konschak argued that the deaths were accidental and applied for accelerated rehabilitation – a program for first-time offenders that would have seen his charges cleared upon completion. Konschak’s first court hearing was held on Wednesday in a packed courtroom in Danbury. Supporters and animal rights activists also protested with signs outside the courthouse. The hunter apologized to the family, and claimed he mistook the dogs for coyotes when he shot them. ‘Please know that it was never my intent that morning to harm the victims’ pets,’ Konschak told the judge. However, prosecutors argued that there were inconsistencies with the hunter’s story. They argued he should have been able to tell the animals were pets immediately, as Cimo was neutered and Lieben had a hysterectomy scar. Eventually, a judge in Danbury Superior Court denied Konschak’s request. He is due back in court on April 12, when he will enter a formal plea. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.