A survivor of a crash in Cardiff that killed three people says he is ‘gutted’ at the loss of his friends. Shane Loughlin, 32, was in a car with four others as it veered off the road at 2.03am last Saturday. The vehicle had been hidden by trees for 46 hours before being spotted just after midnight on Monday. In a statement released through a friend of Shane’s, the crash survivor said he ‘can’t believe’ what happened and added he is ‘gutted’. A Facebook post, shared on behalf of Shane, reads: ‘Only just found out what happened just want to say sorry to everyone and Thank you everyone who helped with the search party and thank you for everyone wishing me well I’ll be back soon love you all. ‘Rip Rafel, Eve, and Darcy. ‘Can’t believe it gutted is an understatement heart goes out to all families and friends of the people that has passed. Long way to recovery mentally and physically but we’ll get there.’ Eve Smith, 21, and Darcy Ross, 21, lost their lives alongside Rafel Jeanne, 24. Shane and Sophie Russon, 20, had been found alive but badly injured in the wreckage next to their dead friends. Police say the appeal is for witnesses who may have seen the vehicle and there is no suggestion that another vehicle was involved in the collision. Assistant Chief Constable Jason Davies of South Wales Police said: ‘The investigation is making good progress in piecing together the events leading up to the collision. ‘Specialist officers will continue to carry out a detailed investigation which will enable us to provide the facts of what happened during the early hours of Saturday morning. ‘Our thoughts continue to be with the families and all those affected by this tragic incident. Family liaison officers are supporting the families involved at what must be a hugely difficult time for them.’ Police say the last confirmed sighting of the friends was at 2am on Saturday. The group had visited a social club known as The Muffler in Newport on Friday night and later got into the car and drove 38 miles to a caravan park in Porthcawl. There was an alleged noise complaint at the Trecco Bay camp but officers ‘don’t believe it played any major part’ in the later events. The five friends were not discovered in the overturned car until just after midnight on Monday. Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hoborough of Gwent Police said: ‘This is an extremely sad situation, and our thoughts are with the families and friends of each of the young people involved. ‘We will continue to support the investigation and would ask members of the public to refrain from speculation during this period.’ Gwent Police and South Wales Police will be investigated by the Independent Office for Police Conduct over their handling of the case. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.