Chef Poppy O’Toole had viewers in hysterics after accidentally using an historic X-rated slang word live on television during Saturday Kitchen. The 28-year-old TikTok star appeared on the BBC One morning show alongside Britain’s Got Talent judge and newly-announced Eurovision host Alesha Dixon. Chatting with host Matt Tebbutt during her cooking segment, the Young MasterChef judge was casually discussing her quick rise to fame thanks to social media when she got her words mixed up. Recalling how she’d been made redundant at the start of lockdown, Poppy explained how she had started her TikTok account, which now boasts four million followers, ‘on a quim’. ‘Is that the right word?’ she asked as Matt hastily corrected her with ‘on a whim’. ‘What’s a quim?’ she then asked laughing, as Matt replied: ‘Let’s move on!’ ‘Quim’ is an antiquated ‘vulgar’ slang word for female genitals, according to the Collins Dictionary, which was first recorded as being used in the 17th century. Since then, it’s rather fallen out of favour. A few moments after Poppy’s accidental ‘Q-bomb’, Matt returned to the matter with an apology, explaining: ‘You may have heard a word Poppy used a little bit earlier – she genuinely didn’t know what it meant. ‘I will explain to her, I promise, what it means after this show, so apologies for everyone who did know about that at home.’ Poppy, who looked genuinely confused by the apology then laughed: ‘Am I getting cancelled? What have I done? Nooo!’ However, her slip-up had viewers in stitches at home. ‘One of the funniest moments ever on @SaturdayKitchen this morning,’ tweeted one, while another posted: ‘Loving Saturday #filth Kitchen on the BBC.’ ‘Millions of #SaturdayKitchen viewers now Googling meaning of word #quim,’ added another. ‘I feel like a naughty child!!!’ admitted another fan for laughing over the blooper. Show producer Amanda Ross also took to Twitter and shared: ‘Never on the last 17 years of #SaturdayKitchen have I had to apologise for something half the audience didn’t understand! ‘Made me really feel my age!’ She added: ‘Let’s revive the #Quim as it’s obviously discrete thank you @poppy_cooks.’ ‘Quim’ previously had a bit of a comeback after Loki labelled Black Widow a ‘mewling quim’ in 2012’s Avengers Assemble while imprisoned onboard the SHIELD helicarrier. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price hints at single status despite ex-fiance Carl Woods’ huge tattoo of her face: ‘No drama, no crying’ MORE : Elizabeth Hurley shares loving Paris memory with ex-fiancé Shane Warne to mark one year since his death aged 52 