Manchester United’s slim title hopes evaporated after they were held to a 0-0 draw against Southampton at Old Trafford following a controversial sending off for Casemiro. After a quick start to the game, United should have been ahead when Marcus Rashford missed a simple chance to slot past Gavin Bazunu. But the game was turned on its head when Casemiro was sent off following a VAR review for a challenge on Carlos Alvaraz. After initially being given a yellow, Antony Taylor upgraded his decision to a red as the tackle was deemed dangerous. That robbed United of its impetus and gave the Saints a foothold in the match, what with their man advantage. The Saints should have taken the lead through Theo Walcott following the red card but he saw his close-range header saved at point blank by David De Gea. The visitors hit the frame of the goal twice in the second half; first through a textbook James Ward-Prowse free-kick and then from a Kyle Walker-Peters effort on his weaker foot. United had chances of their own but Bruno Fernandes’ dipping effort was tipped on to the post by Gavin Bazunu to leave the Red Devils looking below them, rather than above. Here’s how the players fared… A much-improved game in possession for the Spaniard, who was poor with the ball on Thursday night. Made crucial saves against Walcott in both halves, which kept his side in it. Had his crossbar to thank after Ward-Prowse’s free-kick looked destined to go in. Came into the side after impressing as a second half substitute against Real Betis on Thursday but struggled in the first half against Sulemana and a poor clearance nearly resulted in Walcott goal. Made amends early in the second half when he cleared off the line following a deflection off Scott McTominay and provided much-needed energy after the interval. Was loose in possession from the start but the sending off seemed to sharpen his focus. Should have scored from a set-piece in the 34th minute. Cautioned early on for an unnecessary foul but showed his experience in the second half to deal with mounting Southampton pressure. Made some excellent interceptions and his use of the ball was typically good. Has looked increasingly tired in recent weeks, which is understandable given the fixture congestion United have faced. Did his best to get forward but failed to make an impact. Could do with a rest this week with Betis and Fulham coming up. Whether you feel it was a red card or not, there can be no debating the needlessness of Casemiro’s challenge on Alcaraz. The Brazilian’s decision to go to ground – when he could have stayed on his feet – gave the referee a decision to make and he left his team-mates down to ten with an hour to play. Not only did Casemiro leave his side up against it, but he’ll now miss the next four domestic matches as it’s his second red card of the season. Selected to play a deeper role in central midfield and showcased his range of passing with three fantastic passes to Rashford and Antony in the first 25 minutes. The afternoon could have been so different – and far simpler – for United had Rashford stuck away a routine chance 15 minutes into the game. Fernandes played in the winger, who had more time than he realised when he came round on to his favoured right foot but he failed to put the effort past Bazunu. Rashford then failed to take a through ball into his stride, which would have put him clean through on goal. After 26 goals this term, he’ll be disappointed. Given a chance to shine in an attacking midfield role and showed early signs of promise but Casemiro’s red card saw him drop deeper into midfield. Failed to bid on an improved performance against Real Betis on Thursday, when he scored a sumptuous goal. Taken off with 18 minutes left on the clock for Garnacho. Taken off just before half-time and didn’t get to build on what was a strong start following Casemiro’s sending off. Came on for Weghorst to beef up the midfield and did well to block off service to Alvaraz and Adams. Showed good willingness to run at the Saints defence but was hurt after a good challenge from Walker-Peters, which impacted him for the rest of the game. Was starved of service but made several runs in behind. Not on the pitch long enough to make an impact either way. MORE : Casemiro to serve four-game ban for Manchester United after red card vs Southampton MORE : Tory MP says MOTD without commentators or pundits was ‘best in years’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 