Flowers are blooming and the sun is shining – so you’d be forgiven for thinking spring is here. The longer days have been a much-needed boost for many Brits after a prolonged cold snap. But winter is making another comeback, with the Met Office warning of snow over the next week. The entire UK will get colder later this weekend with a ‘northerly airmass’ to blame for plummeting temperatures. Scotland, Northern Ireland and the East coast of England could all see the white stuff. A Level 2 Cold Weather Alert has been issued for for the whole of England. In a statement on their website, the Met Office said: ‘The area of high pressure currently located over Scotland will move away to the West at the start of next week, allowing a northerly airflow to sweep across the UK. ‘The introduction of an arctic maritime airmass will bring snow showers to Scotland, Northern Ireland and along the East coast of England from Monday. ‘The snow showers will predominantly impact northern and eastern areas; however it will be cold across the UK, with widespread freezing conditions overnight.’ Deputy Chief Meteorologist, Chris Almond, said: ‘Although we’ve moved into meteorological Spring there will be a distinctly wintry feel to our weather next week. ‘Very cold air will spread across the UK bringing snow showers even to sea level in the north on Monday and these snow showers could spread further south on Tuesday. ‘With freezing overnight temperatures and the risk of ice it is likely weather warnings will be issued for Monday and Tuesday once the detail of potential impacts becomes clearer, so keep an eye on the Met Office forecast.’ The UK Health Security Agency has issued a Level 2 Cold Weather Alert for the whole of England and is likely to be reviewed and extended in the coming days. In other weather news, England has had its driest February in 30 years with experts warning that there could be a potential drought across the country. This month was the eighth driest second month since 1836 with an average of just 15.3mm of rainfall. The south and east of England were the driest in the UK, with only 3.5mm of rain in Essex (8% of the UK average). England is one hot dry spell away from widespread drought conditions, according to the National Drought Group which issued the warning. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.