Who could forget Dick and Dom, the children’s TV icons who provided a laugh a minute with their in Da Bungalow shenanigans? Well, in a real blast from the past, the presenting duo are making a comeback, hitting the road with a tour, 17 years after their heyday on CBBC. Dick – real name Richard McCourt – and Dom – real name Dominic Wood – are celebrating their whacky show’s 20th anniversary by performing in venues around the UK, brining In Da Bungalow to life. From interactive games to covering the audience in Creamy Muck Muck, the show is bound to be real trip down memory lane for anyone in the crowd. Not only will they be sliming the audiences, the stars – also known for Diddy TV and The Legend of Dick and Dom – promise fans ‘the messiest night out in the UK’ with games such as Musical Splatues, Pants Dance, and, of course, Bogies! It’ll be the ultimate nostalgia hit, but now aged 45, the hosts are having to train hard to keep up with the pace of their younger selves. Speaking to the Glasgow Times, Dick said: ‘It’s mad that 20 years have flown by, a click of the fingers and here we are bringing it back to the stage.’ Dom added: ‘One of the maddest things is the average age of the viewer back then when we started was 10, so these people are now 30, so that’s just crazy. ‘We’re going to the gym a lot because we have to get in peak physical fitness because we’re both around 45 and so we have to go to the gym a lot to make sure that we can physically handle it.’ Dick & Dom In Da Bungalow kicks off on March 11 at Birmingham Town Hall, concluding on May 14 in Cardiff’s New Theatre. The duo burst onto our screens in the early 2000s, with their Bafta-winning show running for five series between 2002 and 2006. Dick and Dom went on star in their own films and programmes after Bungalow came to an end, and have also been DJing ever since at major festivals. And if you’re wondering what else they’ve been up to, the comedy double act have also lent their voice to another cause – politics. Never ones to hold their tongue on kids’ TV the pair have remained true to themselves, frequently taking to Twitter to lay into the goverment. Most recently, ahead of the resignation of Conservative Prime Minister Liz Truss, the pair branded the government ‘twisted f***s’ after Westminster descended into chaos. They also called for a ‘general election now’ following several sackings in the cabinet, before Rishi Sunak was appointed Tory Party leader. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price causes ‘major headache’ for Channel 4 bosses as she ‘quits’ TV comeback at last minute MORE : Idris Elba says it’s ‘stupid’ to criticise him for not calling himself a ‘Black actor’ 