Jena Malone has said she was sexually assaulted during filming for The Hunger Games movies in an emotional Instagram upload on Wednesday. Sharing a picturesque image that showed the star soaking up the sun in the French countryside, the actress penned a lengthy caption outlining her experience. Jena stood in the middle of a golden-hued field and revealed it was a snap taken on the last day of filming for one of the popular films that also stars Jennifer Lawrence. The 38-year-old played Johanna Mason in Catching Fire and the two-part flick Mockingjay. Not naming names, she began detailing her alleged assault and added a ‘trigger warning’ for fans: ‘This photo was taken right after I wrapped mocking Jay part two and I had to say goodbye to everyone on set. ‘We were shooting in a beautiful estate in the countryside of France and I asked the driver to let me out in this field so I could cry and capture this moment. ‘Even tho this time in Paris was extremely hard for me , was going thru a bad break up and also was sexually assaulted by someone I had worked with , I was so full of gratitude for this project, the people I became close with and this amazing part I got to play [sic].’ She carried on, sharing: ‘A swirling mix of emotions im only now just learning to sort thru. ‘I wish it wasn’t tied to such a traumatic event for me but that is the real wildness of life I I guess. How to hold the chaos with the beauty. I’ve worked very hard to heal and learn thru restorative justice , how to make peace with the person who violated me and make peace with myself. ‘It’s been hard to talk about the hunger games and Johanna Mason without feeling the sharpness of this moment in time but I’m ready to move thru it and reclaim the joy and accomplishment I felt. ‘Lots of love to you survivors out there. The process is so slow and non linear. I want to say im here for anyone who needs to talk or vent or open uncommunicated spaces within themselves. ‘Please dm me if you need a safe space to be heard [sic]’. Fellow Hunger Games actress Willow Shields responded to her co-star’s words and wrote: ‘This post has me at a loss of words. I understand and I hope that though the process is so slow you are okay Jena [sic]’. Metro.co.uk contacted Jena’s reps and Lionsgate Films for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : First teaser for Hunger Games prequel The Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes drops and we’re hooked already MORE : The Hunger Games to return to cinemas with prequel The Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes’ release date confirmed  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 