Molly-Mae Hague has shared an update on being a new mum to mark daughter Bambi turning six weeks old, revealing that she feels she’s been ‘winging it’ so far. The former Love Island star also admitted she was ‘surprised’ by how ‘super-challenging’ she had found it adjusting to motherhood, in a post where she was keen to reassure other new parents. She and her partner Tommy Fury, both 23, announced the arrival of little Bambi on January 23, with Molly having a natural birth down in London, which was induced to help her along ahead of Tommy’s big boxing match with rival Jake Paul. The influencer and Pretty Little Thing creative director took to her Instagram stories to share a black and white photograph of herself wearing white pyjamas. ‘Hair washed and fresh pjs on,’ she wrote on the picture, harking back to Bambi accidentally vomiting on her salon-fresh hair last week. In a lengthier caption, she began: ‘Bambi is 6 weeks old on Monday. My little best friend for life. ‘The last two days have been the first time I’ve felt like I’m slightly getting my life back in order. ‘Up until this point I’ve literally just been winging my way through each day, not finding it particularly easy at all (to be honest)… waking up in the morning/going to bed at night thinking “here we go again”.’ The new mum then added that new born life is ‘absolutely no joke!’ She continued: ‘So many people said to me “it gets easier” and I’ve had days where I really didn’t believe them or see how it would get easier, but I’m finally starting to see that it does! ‘We’ve got a little routine in place now and whilst it doesn’t go to plan every day and every night, it’s really helped me feel like I have a slight understanding of how the days and nights might look.’ Sharing the reason for her honest update, she added: ‘I just hope this comforts any new mums/dads out there that are finding those first few weeks super challenging. I can’t explain how much they took me by surprise. ‘But it truly does gradually get easier day by day.’ Alluding to a lengthier update at some point in the future, she signed off with: ‘Can’t wait to have a huge catch up with you all on YouTube when I can find the time and feel ready to film a video! I miss chatting to you all so much.’ Last weekend, dad Tommy sealed a victory against YouTuber Jake Paul in Saudi Arabia, a win he went on to dedicate to his little girl. Having shared a video of the emotional moment he returned home to his girlfriend and daughter, Tommy has explained how everything he does from now on is for his family. ‘It was a great payday for me,’ he began during an interview on Good Morning Britain on Thursday, before correcting himself. ‘Well, not for me, I should say. Everything I make now is to raise my little girl Bambi. ‘Everything I do now is to make sure that she’s happy and has a good life for herself. Anything I can do to make sure she has that, that’s enough for me.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon washes ‘greasy’ hair for first time in 3 weeks since giving birth to daughter Belle MORE : Saturday Kitchen viewers in stitches after chef accidentally uses historic X-rated word on live TV in innocent slip-up 