Emma Raducanu is set to make her return to the WTA Tour to play the 2023 Sunshine Double after recovering from a recent illness. The British tennis star has not featured since her second-round exit at the Australian Open and withdrew from this week’s ATX Open with tonsillitis. But Raducanu will now get back to action as Indian Wells gets started next week as she looks to upset the odds and land her first title since the 2021 US Open. After Indian Wells, Raducanu will play the Miami Open after it was confirmed on Thursday that she had been handed a wildcard for the WTA 1000 event. Indian Wells – where Raducanu has received a direct entry following the withdrawal of a few players ranked above her – and the Miami Open make up the Sunshine Double and Raducanu will be looking to return to the top of her game after encouraging signs in 2023 so far. The 20-year-old, who was previously ranked inside the world top 10, massively struggled with form and injury last year but her game has visibly improved since working with new coach Sebastian Sachs. That was evident in her narrow defeat to Coco Gauff at the Australian Open in which Raducanu missed two crucial set-point opportunities to force a decider. Picking up a trophy at Indian Wells or the Miami Open seems unlikely given her current rank of world No.80 – but after winning the US Open in 2021 as a qualifier – anything is possible for Raducanu, who spoke about her aims for the season in January. ‘For 2023 my goal is to stay healthy for longer,’ she said. ‘I’m looking forward to working hard because I’ve got a better idea of what to expect now. ‘So I’ll be less like a deer in the headlights. For a results goal I’d say it’s to win a title, and three I’d say is to be playing fearless tennis. Just not thinking about consequences. Just going for it.’ MORE : Emma Raducanu will 'absolutely' win more Grand Slams and it is 'only a matter of time' MORE : Tim Henman reveals one key thing Emma Raducanu must do to win her second major title 