Talks are underway for Katie Taylor and Chantelle Cameron to meet in Dublin on 20 May with Eddie Hearn believing ‘there is a very good chance’ the fight goes ahead. Undisputed lightweight champion Taylor was set to take on Amanda Serrano in a rematch in her first professional fight on home soil on that date only for an injury suffered by the Puerto Rican to derail those plans. The Bray fighter is eager for the show to go on however and in a rare public challenge, called out undisputed super-lightweight champion Cameron on Thursday – with the Briton eagerly accepting. With Taylor vs Serrano II shelved until August or September, Hearn has now confirmed all parties are keen to agree a deal with talks also underway with broadcaster DAZN for a huge Ireland vs England clash between the undefeated fighters at Dublin’s 3Arena. ‘Katie will fight anyone. I guess the only fighter there has ever been a question mark over whether she would fight her or not is Chantelle Cameron. But behind the scenes I know Taylor has always been up for that,’ Hearn told Metro.co.uk. ‘Once Chantelle got in a position for that to be a mega fight, that’s the fight. Amanda Serrano is injured and not ready and I don’t think Katie wants to wait for that fight which could now be August or September. She wants the homecoming fight, let’s make it happen. ‘Now we are in talks with DAZN to see if we can make it happen. Both sides have agreed, they haven’t agreed on the money yet but that is something we hope we will be able to overcome but I think there is a very good chance you see that fight on 20 May.’ Taylor, 36, has reigned as undisputed lightweight champion since 2019. Cameron meanwhile wrote her name into history last November, unifying The Ring Magazine, IBF, WBA, WBC and WBO super-lightweight belts with a dominant victory over Jessica McCaskill to become the UK’s first female undisputed champion. Taylor briefly moved up to super-lightweight in 2019, picking up the WBO title at 140lbs, and indicated in her Instagram callout she is ready to move up again in a bid to become two-weight undisputed queen. While both are keen to get the fight on, there is not yet an agreement on whose titles will be on the line but Hearn remains confident a deal will be struck. ‘When we say, “it’s a simple fight to make,” of course it is never simple. But whenever both fighters genuinely want it, it is unlikely it doesn’t happen. ‘We know Chantelle, her trainer, her team, we know Katie very well so we should be able to find a way to make it happen.’ Whether it will be contested for Taylor’s lightweight titles or Cameron’s super-lightweight titles, Hearn added: ‘It’s going to be one or the other. Katie is happy to go up but Chantelle boxed at lightweight for a long time, she can make 135lbs. ‘But she may say I want to challenge for her [Katie’s] belts. That is probably the biggest sticking point in this, the weight and whose undisputed championships will be on the line. We have to speak to both teams and see which way we go.’ Eddie Hearn spoke alongside boxing partner Frank Smith on the latest episode of the Rockwater podcast. Listen here for the full podcast. MORE : Katie Taylor vs Amanda Serrano II OFF as Puerto Rican fighter suffers injury blow MORE : ‘We dance again in 2023’ – Amanda Serrano accepts Katie Taylor challenge for Croke Park showdown For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 