Dancing On Ice audience members were left baffled as they spotted a big blunder during Sunday night’s final show. Fans on Twitter noticed a mistake in the filming during the second portion of the skating show as former contestants took to the ice to show off their skills. The disastrous moment occurred when Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield moved to the side of the rink to deliver their next introductions. Eagle-eyed fans noticed some familiar faces lingering in the crowd in the form of Regan Gascoigne and Brendan Cole. Confusion ensued after the pair were then spotted performing on the ice in what appeared to be a pre-recorded clip. One fan took to Twitter to expose ITV’s blunder and shared the clip with the caption: ‘Did anyone see this – they were sat there behind Holly and Phil #dancingonice [sic]’. Other viewers reacted underneath the footage that showed the former competitors enjoying the final from the sidelines. ‘It’s so funny how Brendan and Reagan are sat there applauding themselves coming onto the ice! [sic],’ a user tweeted. Another penned: ‘It’s funny how holly and Phil look at the ice as if they are there when we clearly see there in the background [sic]’. An audience member further commented: ‘I saw it and it’s been bugging me ever since. Some parts must be pre-recorded [sic]’. The mistake came before the winner was crowned on the ice during the final episode of the 2023 season. Nile Wilson and his skating partner Olivia Smart were named the champions of the competition after a dazzling final which saw a string of perfect scores. The Olympic gymnast, 27, saw off competition from reality star Joey Essex, who came second, and drag queen The Vivienne, who finished in third place, during Sunday’s grand finale. After being declared the winner, Nile said: ‘If Dancing On Ice has anything to say of entertainment, we’ve got 11 human beings all different shapes and sizes stood on this stage tonight with an allocated time to get good at something and we proved that we can do that. ‘So what an inspirational show. If you put your mind to something and you work hard you can achieve anything you want.’ He also thanked everyone who voted for them and said he will be spending the night celebrating with the people who he ‘loves the most’. Dancing On Ice is available to watch on ITV X. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nile Wilson and Olivia Smart crowned champions of Dancing On Ice 2023 after nail-biting final against Joey Essex and The Vivienne MORE : Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu defies haters as she slips back into sexy ensemble for Britney Spears routine in Dancing On Ice final 