The BBC has shut down reports it was going to pull an episode of Sir David Attenborough’s new series Wild Isles over concerns it could anger rightwingers. The 97-year-old, who has traveled worldwide to educate about a fascinating array of habitats and animals, is exploring challenges within the British Isles for the first time. It had been claimed that an additional sixth episode had been due to air on BBC One but was removed from the broadcaster’s schedule to avoid a backlash from the Tory government and right-wing supporters. Instead, The Guardian reported the bonus episode, which was about the destruction of wildlife in the UK, would only be available on iPlayer. However, a spokesperson for the BBC has blasted the claims as ‘totally inaccurate’ and insisted there is ‘no sixth episode.’ They told Metro.co.uk: ‘Wild Isles is – and always was – a five-part series and does not shy away from environmental content. ‘We have acquired a separate film for iPlayer from the RSPB and WWF and Silverback Films about people working to preserve and restore the biodiversity of the British Isles.’ The separate film is thought to examine the concept of rewilding. Rewilding, which is controversial among some right-wing supporters, sees land restored to its uncultivated state, allowing nature to become more ‘self-willed. Sir David previously spoke to Chris Packham for Winterwatch and was asked if he had always wanted to make a series about British wildlife. The national treasure said: ‘Well, yes, and it’s just internal BBC politics. ‘I joined [the BBC] in 1952, and television was restricted to London only. Bristol had a Natural History Unit on the radio but it didn’t have television. The veteran presenter continued: ‘So we had a great meeting and they said: “Look here, you’re doing natural history and I think we should come to some agreement on this, because when television comes here we want to do natural history television. Tell you what, we’ll do British natural history, and you can do all this stuff in Africa.” ‘And I said, “That suits me down to the ground” so this is a great ambition fulfilled. Metro.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir David Attenborough kept away from chicks over fears of bird-flu while filming new BBC series MORE : Sir David Attenborough narrating immersive BBC Earth Experience – and it’s launching soon 