Stephen Bear’s fiancée Jessica Smith has said she will ‘always’ support him, after he was sentenced to 21 months in prison following his revenge porn trial. The disgraced reality TV star was sentenced on Friday (March 3) at Chelmsford Crown Court after he uploaded a video to OnlyFans of him and ex-girlfriend, Love Island’s Georgia Harrison, having sex without her permission. Now, Smith has shared a video of her partner speaking outside the court, taken this morning. ‘I love you. I’ll always be by your side, stay strong babe,’ she wrote on Twitter. She added the that the ‘truth will come out’, claiming Bear, 33, never had a ‘fair trial.’ Smith accompanied her partner to court every single day throughout the trial, during which he maintained his innocence. In the new clip, the former Celebrity Big Brother star tells the camera: ‘See, in this country, I think the saying is, innocent until proven guilty. ‘And unfortunately, in this whole turn of events, through the media, what’s been printed, written about me, they already see me as this monster. ‘So, how can we possibly give a fair trial, just to adverse media?’ He proceeded to lay into the jury: ‘Secondly, at the very beginning, before the jury was picked, they were asked a series of questions and one person should be accountable for contempt. Hopefully I can speak to the police about this and all the evidence because, if you’ve got one bad apple, the whole jury should be strung out, in my opinion.’ Bear added that the ‘only good thing’ to come from the situation was that he got a ‘psychiatric report’ written about him, which he says diagnosed him with ADHD, depression, and anxiety, which he wants to get ‘treatment’ for. ‘Going through mental health is really hard, and I live with this every single day,’ he added. Bear concluded by vowing to give his ‘side of the story’, which he hopes will give people a ‘different opinion’ on him and ‘spin the narrative’. Ahead of the star’s sentencing, Judge Christopher Morgan previously warned him that ‘all options’ were open to him, which included jail time. He has now also been given a restraining order to not contact Harrison for five years, and after being ordered to sign the sex offenders register he will be subject to notification requirements for 10 years. Judge Christopher Morgan, sentencing, said Bear ‘wished to exploit the economic value of the recording’ of himself and Harrison having sex. ‘I’m sure that you recognised the enhanced economic value to you by having Georgia Harrison, a well-known reality TV and social media personality, in the video,’ the judge added. ‘She would have been known and recognised by many people.’ He said that the defendant caused Harrison ‘extensive humiliation and embarrassment’. Following his sentencing, Bear said to the court: ‘Have a good weekend everyone.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Georgia Harrison ‘relieved’ as Stephen Bear sentenced to 21 months in jail for sharing private sex tape MORE : Georgia Harrison splits from mystery boyfriend following Stephen Bear revenge porn trial 