Selena Gomez has asked people to be kinder and revealed her ‘heart has been heavy’ lately. Speaking to fans this week, the 30-year-old star also told her social media followers that she ‘loves’ them and thanked them for her support. Selena’s comments come after her perceived ‘drama’ with Hailey Bieber and Kylie Jenner made headlines. Taking to TikTok on Sunday, the Only Murders in the Building actress shared a makeup tutorial with her 55million followers. Although she didn’t caption the post, she mingled with fans in the comment section below her video, writing: ‘Thank you and love you all so much. I’m deeply grateful for each and every one of you humans. You make me unbelievably happy.’ The Rare Beauty founder added: ‘Please, please be kinder and consider others’ mental health. My heart has been heavy and I only want good for everyone. All my love.’ Selena has had a rollercoaster few weeks after reclaiming her crown as the most followed woman on Instagram from Kylie. However, the pair were dragged into alleged drama on social media shortly after, when the Kardashians star was accused of mocking the Lose You To Love Me singer on Instagram – after she had joked that she laminated her eyebrows too much. The 25-year-old uploaded a screenshot of a FaceTime call between herself and Hailey, where they had zoomed in on their brows, leading many to connect the two incidents. Kylie quickly attempted to squash the claims, penning: ‘This is reaching. No shade towards Selena ever and I didn’t see her eyebrow posts! ‘U guys are making something out of nothing. This is silly [sic].’ Selena jumped in to share her support, writing: ‘Agreed @kyliejenner It’s all unnecessary. I’m a fan of Kylie!’ She later spotted an older video of Hailey appearing to shade best friend Taylor Swift and defended the Love Story singer in the comments below, adding: ‘So sorry, my best friend is and continues to be one of the best in the game.’ After fans picked up on the comment and flooded the model’s Instagram page with hateful messages, Selena announced that she would be taking a backseat from posting and stepping away from social media. ‘I’m very happy, I’m so blessed. I have the best friends, the best fans in the whole world. I just couldn’t be happier,’ she said on TikTok. ‘I’m good. I love who I am, I don’t care, I’m good. ‘I’m going to be taking a second from social media, because this is a little silly. I’m 30, I’m too old for this. ‘But I love you guys so much and I will see you guys sooner than later. I’m just going to take a break from everything.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Resident Evil 4 remake is twice as big as Village at 67 GB MORE : How John Cena inspired Guinness World Record holder with Asperger’s to take on new challenges  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 