British broadcaster GB News has been hit by losses of £30 million in the first year since it launched after bringing presenters including Eamonn Holmes Nigel Farage and Laurence Fox on board. The free-to-air channel was launched in June 2021, becoming Britain’s first television news start-up for more than 30 years. Set up with the aim of broadcasting ‘original news, opinion and debate’, it’s been described as right-leaning on political issues. But now, figures from the news channel’s company accounts show it sunk deeper into a loss in the year to May 2022. It had £30.7 million in a pre-tax loss over the period, on revenues of £3.6 million. The majority of its revenues – over £2.9 million – came from advertising. However, despite the losses, GB News said its directors were ‘satisfied’ with the results for the year, and expected growth in the future performance of the company. The broadcaster paid more than £11 million in wages and salaries to its staff during the year, many of who include Conservative MP’s who have been given platforms to present their own shows. These include Lee Anderson, as well as fellow Tory politicians Jacob Rees-Mogg, Esther McVey and Philip Davies. Former UKIP and Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage was one of the first to join the broadcaster, hosting its prime-time Sunday morning show. However, GB News has faced several controversies since going to air, including an advertising boycott from several brands like Ikea, Kopparberg and Octopus Energy who decided to pull their adverts from the channel. It’s also been the subject of Ofcom investigations, the first coming in November 2022 when it was found to have breached its radio licence by not reading aloud the full list of candidates in the Erdington by-election. Within the channel’s first year Ofcom were prompted to launch five separate investigations into its broadcasts. As of August 2022, more than 2,300 complaints about GB News programmes have been lodged with Ofcom. Just this week it was also ruled that an episode of the Mark Steyn show, who was a presenter until earlier this year, broke its broadcasting rules and was ‘potentially harmful and materially misleading’. In the episode Steyn was found to have made an ‘incorrect claim’about health data providing evidence of a link between the Covid vaccine and higher rates of infection, hospitalisation and death. The GB News TV channel had an average monthly reach of 2.3 million viewers in the year to May, while the radio station had 415,000 listeners in the third quarter of the year. The company said this made it the fastest-growing radio station in the UK market. Last year GB News secured a new £60 million cash injection from its existing backers, Dubai-based investment group Legatum Ventures and one of the UK’s most prominent hedge fund managers, Sir Paul Marshall. Metro.co.uk has contacted GB News for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lee Anderson becomes latest Tory MP to get his own show on GB News MORE : Piers Morgan’s TalkTV show Uncensored down to just 59,000 viewers and beaten by Nigel Farage 