National security is at risk after the UK has allowed ammunition supplies to fall to ‘dangerously low levels’, it was warned. The Commons Defence Committee said the country’s stockpile, which has dwindled since Nato allies have supplied Ukraine with defence weapons in its war against Russia, may take up to a decade to rebuild. ‘It is clear that the UK and its Nato allies have allowed ammunition stockpiles to dwindle to dangerously low levels,’ it said. ‘Whilst Russia is also facing the diminution of its stockpiles, other adversaries are able to maintain and potentially increase their own. ‘This inability to replenish UK stockpiles therefore puts at risk not just our ability to resupply Ukraine but also to counter any threat to our own security.’ The committee of MPs urged the Ministry of Defence (MoD) to draw up an action plan to restore stockpiles, suggesting the current process of procuring armaments is ‘not fit for purpose’. ‘The MoD produced a strategy aimed at improving the way that it engages with industry and allies almost two years ago and yet we have been told it will take at least a decade to replenish (and then increase to a sustainable level) UK ammunition stockpiles,’ it said. ‘We therefore recommend that the department produce an action plan of how it intends to grow defence industrial capacity and reduce the time taken to replenish UK stockpiles.’ It added such a strategy needs to be both ‘resilient and scalable’. Committee chair Tobias Ellwood said: ‘Russia’s invasion of Ukraine should be a wake-up call for the West. Safety, security and democracy are hard won and easily lost. ‘A powerful, resilient armed forces, standing shoulder-to-shoulder with our allies overseas, is the best deterrent against aggression.’ Ukrainians recently started training in British Challenger 2 tanks, which are expected to arrive in the country by the end of March ready for an anticipated Russian spring offensive. Defence secretary Ben Wallance previously admitted ‘defence for the last 30 years was hollowed out’, but said the government had upped spending by billions. He added the problems were not unique to the UK, telling BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: ‘Ukraine has exposed across Europe – including in France and in Germany and other nations – our own vulnerabilities.’ It was also reported Mr Wallace was embroiled in a row with the Treasury, with Mr Wallace said to be pressing for a £10 billion increase in defence spending in next month’s Budget. He denied to Sky News he was threatening to resign. Nato secretary general Jens Stoltenberg also urged allies last month to urgently step up production, saying Ukraine was burning up munitions faster than the West was able to supply. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.