WWE has confirmed Rey Mysterio as the first inductee into the Hall of Fame class of 2023. The 48-year-old legendary masked luchador made his name in ECW and WCW before making his WWE debut in July 2002, taking his career to another level as he went onto win the WWE, World Heavyweight, Cruiserweight, WWE Tag Team, SmackDown Tag Team, United States and Intercontinental Championships over the next two decades. Rey was officially announced on Friday’s episode of SmackDown with a video package highlighting his influential run before he made his way to the ring to cheers from the crowd. He didn’t get long to soak up the adulation though, as The Judgment Day music hit and his son Dominik Mysterio came out flanked by Rhea Ripley, Finn Balor and Damian Priest. Dom ripped into his soon to be Hall of Fame father, branding him a ‘washed up old man’ one week after he ripped up one of his iconic masks and laid him out with a clothesline. He asked his dad how many birthdays, Christmases and ‘soccer games’ his missed ‘all to make this Hall of Fame career’. Led by Santos Escobar, Legado del Fantasma came down to back up Rey, leading to a huge six-man tag match against Judgment Day with Zelina Vega and Rhea Ripley at ringside for their respective teams. Rey himself stayed at ringside for the match, looking on as Escobar – who has voiced his admiration for the legend lately – and his team fought Dom and his allies. Regardless, it’s confirmed and the Master of the 619 will take his place in the Hall of Fame on March 31 after Friday Night SmackDown in Los Angeles. It remains to be seen who will induct Rey, while all signs are pointing to him having a match against his son at WrestleMania that weekend. He is the first name to be announced for this year’s HOF ceremony too, with more iconic stars set to be announced over the next few weeks. WWE SmackDown airs Friday nights on BT Sport. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Thirsty’ Vanessa Hudgens flirts with Snoop Dogg’s ‘stolen’ WWE Golden Title belt MORE : Ex-WWE star Stevie Richards, 51, walks unaided for first time in five weeks amid health battle: ‘Inspirational’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 