EastEnders is reportedly gearing up to expand the iconic set with a new backlot in a bid to create a number of new filming locations. The BBC One soap, which moved production to a brand new set last year, is planning on adding three new sets, amid claims that planning documents have been submitted to the local council. Metro.co.uk understands that these plans will provide for additional filming locations on-site, creating new creative opportunities for production and writers, reducing the need for crew to film on-location in the process. ‘These plans are part of the continued redevelopment of the Elstree site and sit within the existing budget as set out in 2018,’ a spokesperson told us. The proposals include a new large warehouse set, a collection of shops and houses, as well was an area featuring nine shipping containers, which will be situated where the old Albert Square set previously was. The allotment and park areas are also in talks to be expanded to provide the long-running serial drama with more outdoor space for filming, according to The Sun. EastEnders moved production to its brand new set last January, replacing the former Square, which was built in 1984 and was only intended to be used for two years. It was, however, no longer fit for purpose, which is what prompted the building of a new one, with the older one later being knocked down. The iconic filming location, however, could be put to good use if the new set plans go ahead. Coronation Street and Emmerdale have expanded their sets in recent years, with the former adding a Precinct location last year. EastEnders airs Mondays to Thursdays at 7:30pm on BBC One. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : 12 soap spoiler pictures: EastEnders Jay cheating scandal, Coronation Street Stephen’s next victim, Emmerdale Leyla kidnapped, Hollyoaks’ life-changing trip MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Whitney confronts friends for ‘ignoring’ Zack’s grief in lost baby messages