Amy Barlow’s (Elle Mulvaney) life will be turned upside down in upcoming Coronation Street episodes as she realises that she has been raped by Aaron Sandford (James Craven). This horrrifying event is something that will stay with Amy for years, and Elle Mulvaney pointed out how important it will be for Coronation Street to show that. ‘I think that probably one of the most important things about the story is the long term, because something like this doesn’t just happen to somebody and then they forget about it a week later. That isn’t really how things like this work. ‘So seeing how the character goes on over the next few months, years, even in future relationships, how that’s going to affect things. How is she going to interact with people differently? I think that’ll be really interesting to look at.’ The actress revealed that Amy’s ordeal will cause her to ‘rebuild herself into a different person’ as she tries to heal going forward. ‘Amy’s always been very headstrong, very bolshy, so I think it’ll be interesting to see the effect that something like this has on her’, Elle explained. ‘Obviously it feels like somebody’s taken something from her which has never really happened before, apart from when she was spiked she felt like that for a little bit but after finding out it was Max and it was a misunderstanding her worries settled down a bit. ‘Something like this happening to her by a friend has just completely destroyed her trust so it’ll be interesting to see how that rebuilds itself over time and how Amy comes back from this and will rebuild herself into a different person. ‘She will still have her personality but this will always be with her and this is something that she’s going to live with, and she’s going to learn to live with and will have to make herself come back from this and will have to build up from square one.’ Amy was already in a vulnerable position after boyfriend Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) supposedly dumped her, though viewers will know that he was trying to protect her from evil dad Damon (Ciaran Griffiths). That, followed by the assault from Aaron, will surely have an effect on her attitudes towards men, as Elle revealed. ‘Potentially, I think this is very damaging for her. I think she’s definitely going to have some sort of trust issues towards men and that’s why I mentioned about potential future relationships and how is that going to affect her because she’s been dumped by her boyfriend who has lied to her supposedly – Amy obviously doesn’t know the truth – and then by Aaron, who was one of her best mates.’ However, it isn’t just men that Elle thinks Amy will lose trust in, but people in general. ‘I feel like her trust in general is going to go down because even though Aaron is a boy he was primarily her friend. I feel like it’s more of a general thing that her guard’s going to go up a lot more.’ MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: Huge shock for Fiz, Amy confronts rapist, Justin closes in on Daisy MORE : Coronation Street star Rob Mallard warns evil Justin may tear Daniel and Daisy apart forever