Arsenal will look to generate further summer transfer funds through sales with as many as six players set for possible exits. The Gunners are maintaining their Premier League title charge this despite only three clubs using fewer players than Mikel Arteta this term. West Ham United midfielder Declan Rice is thought to be the club’s top priority with the Arsenal boss also keen to bring in another central midfielder, a winger and a new left-back in the summer. A move for Rice could alone cost up to £100million with The Times reporting the club will consider moving on a number of players to raise the transfer budget. Among those is Kieran Tierney, who has been strongly linked with a move to Newcastle United. With the Scotland international struggling for first-team chances due to a string of injury problems and the arrival of Oleksandr Zinchenko last summer. The north London side hope to recoup the £25m they paid Celtic in 2019. Arsenal are also likely to find new clubs for Albert Sambi Lokonga and Nuno Tavares. Both players joined the club in 2021 but have failed to leave a lasting impression with Tavares joining Marseille on loan in the summer. Lokonga followed in January, linking up with Patrick Vieira at Crystal Palace. Arsenal face dilemmas with two of their young stars that could result in them cashing in at the end of the season. Florian Balogun has enjoyed a superb loan campaign with Reims where he has scored 15 Ligue 1 goals in 24 appearances. The report adds the 21-year-old is unlikely to be satisfied with a third choice role back at the Emirates, with Eddie Nketiah currently serving as Gabriel Jesus’ chief understudy. Arteta will also have to made a decision over one of the club’s other talented academy graduates in Emile Smith Rowe. Injury has limited the attacking midfielder to just 107 minutes of action this season following a groin problem. Granit Xhaka meanwhile has entered the final 18 months of his contract at the Emirates which expires in 2024. Arteta has been reluctant to discuss talks over a new deal for the  30-year-old, remarking ‘not yet’ when asked for an update at last week’s press conference. MORE : Oleksandr Zinchenko’s move to Arsenal shows Manchester City were naive to Gunners’ threat, claims Jamie Carragher MORE : West Ham striker Michail Antonio predicts Man Utd will win Premier League title ahead of Arsenal and Man City For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 