Rihanna has shared a photo of the ten-month-old son she shares with boyfriend A$AP Rocky and people are losing their minds over how cute it is. The pregnant hitmaker, 35, poked fun at the fact she’ll be taking her bump along to this month’s Oscars ceremony while her firstborn will be staying at home. Rihanna – who is nominated in the best original song category – captioned her heart-melting snap: ‘my son when he found out his sibling is going to the Oscars and not him.’ In the photo, Rihanna and rapper Rocky’s son – whose name has not been publicly shared – looked up at the camera with tears in his eyes. Needless to say, the picture almost caused her 145million strong Instagram following to implode, with comments like: ‘He’s so sweet,’ ‘His lil face’ and ‘So cute omg’ quickly racking up in the comment section below the doting mum’s post. Another Instagrammer quipped: ‘I’m completely available to baby sit him FOR FREE,’ while someone else commented: ‘HE IS SO PRECIOUS!’ The Umbrella crooner also posted a throwback video of her son watching the music video for her track Lift Me Up. Lift Me Up, from Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’s soundtrack, is the hit that earned Rihanna her first ever Oscar nod. The sweet photos follow reports that the soon-to-be mum-of-two is delaying making new music in order to marry her boyfriend. A source told Radar the musician is currently focused on her pregnancy and later marrying Rocky, the father of her children. They said: ‘Throwing a wedding and having another baby are Rihanna’s main focus at the moment. ‘Agreeing to do the Super Bowl definitely reinvigorated her love of performing, but it still doesn’t compare to what she has at home. Luckily, A$AP’s on board, too.’ The source added that the wedding will be ‘over-the-top,’ and that the star wants to tie the knot in her native Barbados. Rihanna and Rocky welcomed their first born in May last year and are currently expecting their second child. Following her headline-grabbing performance at the Super Bowl half-time show, Rihanna is also set to next perform at the 2023 Academy Awards. It will be the first time Rihanna has ever performed at the Oscars. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders star Kellie Shirley, 41, welcomes baby boy after sharing ‘shock’ over pregnancy MORE : Mollie Gallagher and Siva Kaneswaran miss out on Dancing On Ice final following intense double elimination  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 