A BBC News report was interrupted by a passer-by shouting ‘Bring back Gary Lineker’ in the background of filming. Amid the ongoing controversy surrounding the broadcaster asking Lineker to step down from hosting Match Of The Day after his criticism of the Government’s immigration policy, members of the public and celebrities alike have been rallying around in support and solidarity. Football Focus and Final Score have been cancelled as more presenters refuse to host, while a petition calling on Lineker to be reinstated to the flagship programme has reached well over 100,000 signatures. During a BBC News report on Saturday, when the situation was being explored, a shout was heard from behind the camera as a passer-by called out: ‘Bring back Gary Lineker’. The broadcaster continued without interruption, however the moment did not go unnoticed online as the clip began to circulate. It all began when the footballer-turned-pundit responded to a video by Home Secretary Suella Braverman on Twitter in which she called to ‘stop the boats’ with a new Illegal Migration Bill, calling it an ‘immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s.’ He later insisted that he stood by his tweet, and said he would be returning to host Match Of The Day on Saturday. However, the BBC on Thursday issued a statement saying: ‘Gary Lineker to step back from presenting Match of the Day until agreement reached on social media use’. A BBC spokesperson said: ‘The BBC has been in extensive discussions with Gary and his team in recent days. We have said that we consider his recent social media activity to be a breach of our guidelines. ‘The BBC has decided that he will step back from presenting Match Of The Day until we’ve got an agreed and clear position on his use of social media. When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none. ‘We have never said that Gary should be an opinion-free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC cancels Football Focus as chaos over Gary Lineker row continues MORE : Football Focus and Final Score replaced by Bargain Hunt and The Repair Shop leaving baffled BBC viewers in hysterics 