Gogglebox star Ellie Warner has delighted viewers by revealing the gender of her baby in an adorable filmed moment. The reality star, 32, announced the exciting news of her pregnancy earlier in December during a shock on-air announcement in an episode of the Channel 4 series. It’s Ellie’s first baby with boyfriend Nat, who was left fighting for his life following a car crash last year, prompting her to take a break from the show. She’s since been sharing updates with fans, and has now shared the gender of her baby. Appearing on Friday’s episode alongside sister Izzie, the duo were joined by Ellie’s young niece and nephew. ‘Are you going to say hello to the baby boy?’ she asked them, adding: ‘Do you know that the baby can hear you?’ After her nephew hilariously replied that he wasn’t going to introduce himself to his cousin ‘yet’, Ellie then asked him: ‘Are you happy you’re going to have another boy cousin, Bobby?’ He sweetly replied that it’s ‘all he wants’. ‘Better than a girl?’ Ellie laughed, as Bobby agreed. Ellie announced her happy news in December, talking to her sister about an early pregnancy scan. She said: ‘So I went for a scan on Saturday,’ remarking to Izzi that she thought the baby looked like a ‘jelly alien’. ‘When I showed mum the picture, she went, “Oh, can I take a picture?”‘ Ellie recalled. ‘You didn’t even look at it for two minutes.’ ‘I did!’ Izzi retorted, before adding: ‘I’ll stare at it a bit longer just to make you happy.’ Gogglebox airs Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox’s Jenny Newbie leaves viewers and pal Lee Riley in stitches as she whips out ‘chicken fillet’ padding inside bra MORE : Gogglebox’s Abbie Lynn shrieks with joy as she’s asked to be godmother to bestie Georgia Bell’s baby in adorable moment 