Richard Keys has questioned whether Arsenal should have had the opportunity to snatch a dramatic winner in their Premier League clash against Bournemouth as they scored after the allotted injury-time. The Gunners appeared set to slip up in the title race after relegation-battlers Bournemouth stunned the Emirates Stadium by taking a 2-0 lead. Gary O’Neil’s side scored the second fastest goal in Premier League history after just nine seconds and doubled their advantage on 57 minutes. But Arsenal halved the deficit through Thomas Partey and equalised with 20 minutes remaining through right back Ben White. Still, it looked as though Arsenal would have to settle for a point until Reiss Nelson rifled home a dramatic 97th-minute winner with the last kick of the game. Sports broadcaster Keys has previously criticised Arsenal for ‘over-celebrating’ but said he had ‘no problem’ with the scenes at the Emirates as substitutes and coaches ran on the pitch to celebrate. But Keys did question how Arsenal had the opportunity to score in the 97th minute after only six minutes were added on for injury-time. ‘I’ve no problem with this [Arsenal’s celebrations] because that’s a dramatic way to win a football match,’ he said on beIN SPORTS. ‘I would ask about the time of the goal as 97 minutes had been played. I think Bournemouth will have reason to think, “where did you find that time?” The referee will have a reason. ‘It was a dramatic afternoon and this is developing, for me, into an Arsenal season and they keep passing every test that they have been set.’ Keys’ beIN SPORTS colleague Andy Gray added: ‘There were six minutes added on, you can see that in the top corner, and we were just approaching the 98th minute when Reiss Nelson scored.’ Arsenal’s comeback win sees them restore their five-point lead at the top of the Premier League, after Manchester City reduced the deficit earlier in the day with a 2-0 victory over Newcastle United. On Arsenal’s remarkable win and Premier League title challenge, Gray said: ‘They keep going at it. They keep winning late and dramatically. ‘Not only here but at Aston Villa recently, winning stuffily and not great against Leicester. They are answering the questions right now and I said it will be a case of can they hold their nerve when it gets to the last ten games?’ Arsenal match-winner Nelson, meanwhile, said he was ‘absolutely buzzing’ after coming off the bench to star in a vital win. ‘When the ball came out to me I was thinking “please give me one chance”, he told BBC Sport. ‘I’m buzzing, really happy. ‘We need moments like this if we want to go all the way. We will keep going day-by-day, game-by-game. As an Arsenal fan, I’m just delighted with the result.’ MORE : Mikel Arteta explains why he subbed off Emile Smith Rowe in dramatic Arsenal win MORE : Gary O’Neil names the best team in England' and reacts to Arsenal celebrations For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 