Bloating is one of the main symptoms of ovarian cancer, and yet women are more likely to try a diet change over seeing a doctor about the issue. Research by Target Ovarian Cancer shows that 55% of women in the UK would switch up their eating habits if they experienced persistent bloating, whereas only one in three would contact their GP. Women are more likely to trial probiotic yogurt, cut out gluten, or even a new diet regime, instead of speaking to their GP about persistent bloating. The charity say this is unsurprising as there is ‘alarmingly’ low awareness of ovarian cancer symptoms – just 20% of women know persistent bloating is a sign. They want people to stop referring to it as a ‘silent killer’ too, as this adds to the perception that symptoms aren’t recognisable. Kate Mitchell, 43, was diagnosed late with limited treatment options available to her. She said: ‘If I had understood the symptoms of ovarian cancer a bit better, I may have gone to my GP, and I wouldn’t have been diagnosed with stage IV ovarian cancer in A&E.’ Dr Charlotte Bădescu, a GP based in North-West England, said: ‘We know that there is still work to be done in terms of raising awareness, both amongst the general public and healthcare professionals, so that we all understand the potential symptoms of ovarian cancer. ‘For some patients, it can be uncomfortable approaching your GP with your health concerns, but it’s so important that if you are experiencing persistent bloating, abdominal or pelvic pain, new urinary symptoms, or feeling full earlier than usual, that you make an appointment.’ As it stands, two thirds of women are being diagnosed late, which makes the cancer harder to treat. This Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month, Target Ovarian Cancer is calling for better understanding of the signs – so women know it’s not an issue of dieting, rather a potentially serious health one. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘It seemed like fresher’s flu, then I was diagnosed with ovarian cancer aged 19’