Jake Paul has blamed a wet dream he had the night before his fight against Tommy Fury for his defeat. The YouTuber-turned-boxer suffered the first loss of his professional career to the former Love Island star in Saudi Arabia on 26 February, falling to a split decision defeat on the judges’ scorecards. In the aftermath, the 26-year-old insisted illness in fight camp, jetlag and an arm injury all contributed to the defeat. But ‘The Problem Child’ has now revealed he was undone by another issue. Jake’s brother Logan made the reveal on his IMPAULSIVE podcast. ‘Do you think your wet dream played a part in it at all? I do want to talk about it,’ Logan asked, with their mother having sharing the news with him. ‘I know you didn’t want to because mum said “Jake had a wet dream the night before his fight”. I sparked up and said ‘No f*****g way, I had a wet dream the day of the KSI fight. ‘Essentially what you do is you don’t release in order to build up that testosterone in your body to make you angry.’ Jake said: ‘You have two weeks of testosterone built up and so the reason a wet dream happens is because your body needs to release that energy, it knows in your mind, ‘This is not good.’ ‘I f****d myself. But yeah it makes your legs weak. For the viewers, that’s why it’s bad, it makes your legs weak.’ Asked if the wet dream is why he lost his fight against Fury, Jake added: ‘I think it’s one of many reasons.’ Paul and Fury have already discussed a rematch and could meet for a second time this July. ‘A re-match is something that I would do, it is something that I believe in. We only did 8 rounds,’ Fury told Good Morning Britain last week. ‘I’m ready to go out there and do a re-match, I owe that to myself. I believe in the rematch I’ll definitely stop him. ‘I’ve never been the eight rounds before so you’re just a bit wary about what’s in your tank and how the fight will go. But now I’ve been in the ring with him once I know what to expect.’ MORE : Tommy Fury and Jake Paul need to repay the sport of boxing they claim to be a part of MORE : Tommy Fury accepts Jake Paul rematch as promoter Frank Warren explains next moves for former Love Island star For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 