Montana Brown has shared a ‘disturbing’ story with fans and urged solo travellers to take extra caution. The former Love Island star, who announced she’s expecting her first child in December, explained the scary situation unfolded during a recent trip to LA. The soon-to-be mum-of-one, 27, revealed that a stranger put a tracking device in her bag without her knowing and warned ‘apparently this is a thing’. Filming herself sitting in the back of a car on Tuesday, the reality star wrote across the footage: ‘Keep watching for a bit of a disturbing story. Please be careful if you’re travelling on your own as people [are] clearly out there being weird.’ She then explained: ‘I have a story for you that happened to me when I flew to LA. I need to share it with you, because it’s quite creepy.’ Montana went on: ‘I landed in LA and I got this notification on my phone being like, “there’s an AirTag on your person which doesn’t belong to you and it’s from nobody in your contacts, so someone can see your location”. ‘And I was like, hmmm, this is weird. Rummaged around, didn’t see anything.’ She added: ‘Then when I went to the loo after I’d gone through security, I found an actual AirTag in my bag that was tracking my location. ‘So just beware when you’re travelling because apparently this is a thing.’ The scary encounter comes months after Montana announced the adorable news that she is pregnant with her first child with boyfriend Mark O’Connor. Writing on Instagram just before Christmas, she excitedly shared: ‘Baby O’Connor coming next summer.’ In an accompanying clip, the loved-up couple frolicked on the beach while Montana cradled her bump. Stars and fans were overjoyed with Montana’s delightful news, with fellow Islander Maura Higgins writing: ‘Congratulations.’ Great British Bake Off contestant Candice Brown penned: ‘Eeeeeeeekkkkkkkk congratulations lovely lady!!!! So happy for you’, while singer Mahalia said: ‘MONTANA!!!!!!!!!!! OMFGGGG.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hoda Kotb ‘profoundly touched’ over support after daughter’s worrying hospital visit MORE : Where are the original Gogglebox cast members now as beloved show celebrates 10th anniversary? 