This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you pick your cuticles? Do you have dry skin around your nails? Do your manicures never seem to last long enough? If you answered ‘yes’ to any of those questions, a dry manicure could be for you. This kind of manicure doesn’t use any water or liquid products to exfoliate and clean up the nail – everything is done dry. Grooming the nails this way involves using tools to scrape off dead skin, push back the cuticle and smooth down the nail to remove any ridges. That all gets dusted off to reveal a squeaky clean nail – all with the absence of water. That’s the only difference to a traditional manicure. Otherwise, you can expect the same treatment. See how it’s done. (If you’re squeamish, maybe don’t watch the below). Usually manicures involve a light soak, but this skips that step entirely. So why would you opt for a dry manicure? Well, there are some surprising benefits to doing it this way. Just like hair is more vulnerable to damage when it’s wet, nails can be too, as they absorb the water and ‘swell’ just like a strand of hair would. This explains why dry manicures can last longer, as the nail hasn’t gone through this process. Wet manicures might lead to any product applied on top chipping faster. Water is also an easy place for bacteria to form, which is another reason why some may choose to avoid it. Although, traditional manicures certainly aren’t bad for you – using water makes the skin softer, and therefore easier to manipulate and remove dead skin. A dry manicure may pinch slightly more for this reason, in comparison. So which should you go for? Neither are bad options, but if you pick at your cuticles often, a dry style might be able to remove more dead skin. Want to try it yourself at home before booking your next nail appointment? Try these products. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Watercolour nails are the new mani trend you don’t need a steady hand to master MORE : Nude nails are absolutely everywhere – here’s how to get the look at home