Joseph Quinn was put in an awkward position while answering questions at London Comic Con this weekend, when one fan asked if Eddie Munson could return for Stranger Things season 5. One of the most devastating moments in season 4 of the Netflix show was undoubtedly when Eddie met his (supposed) demise in the Upside Down, having been attacked by the gruesome demobats when sacrificing himself in the fight against Vecna. Many viewers across the globe are hoping that the Metallica-playing high school student could somehow be resurrected in the upcoming final outing, but his fate is yet to be confirmed for good by the Duffer Brothers. On Saturday March 4, the 29-year-old attended Showmasters’ London Comic Con, where hordes of people gathered to see him and he posed for fun photos with adoring fans. He later took part in a live Q&A, which is when someone took the mic to ask about Eddie’s potential future in the Netflix series, asking the question that many had undoubtedly been hoping would be raised. Taking on the challenge of having to address if Eddie could be back for the fifth season, Joseph began his reply by admitting: ‘You got me there.’ He then admitted that while he doesn’t know what the Duffer Brothers have planned for the rest of the show, he’d ‘love’ to come back if possible. ‘I mean, they’re shooting soon! I don’t know… I’d love to be – I died,’ he said. ‘I think it’s probably unlikely. That’s my honest answer.’ In a sweet moment, Joseph then told the young fan who’d asked the question: ‘That was so great, well done. Round of applause.’ Several Stranger Things fans reacted to Joseph’s cryptic answer on Twitter, with one writing: ‘Why would Joseph say he doesn’t know if he will be in season 5 if they will start filming soon? Why doesn’t he say “no I will not” then??’ Another remarked that they sensed ‘hesitation’ from Joseph over how to respond to the question – but considering the amount of secrecy that surrounds Stranger Things, we don’t blame him! Stranger Things is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eddie Munson-mania still going strong at London Comic Con as Stranger Things star Joseph Quinn sparks mayhem among fans MORE : Stranger Things stage show coming to the West End and consider us spooked  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 