Geri Horner’s Monday was slightly more exciting than most, as she spent it brushing shoulders with royalty. The Spice Girls icon, who turned 50 last year, looked elegant in an all-white ensemble as she attended the annual Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey on Monday (March 13). Geri was all smiles as she engaged in conversation with fellow guests, with the Princess of Wales and Queen Consort both close by. The Wannabe singer brought the spice to the ceremony as she showed off her famous ginger locks in loose waves. She kept it smart in a long coat with gold button detailing, flared trousers and towering nude heels, carrying her essentials in a Gucci handbag. Also in attendance was former X Factor winner Alexandra Burke. The Bad Boys hitmaker also seemed to get the white memo, as she donned a blazer and trouser combo. Alex, 34, who became a mum for the first time last year, threw a grey coat over her shoulders for added warmth amidst the March chill, and beamed as she entered the historic London church. Meanwhile, TV presenter Denise Lewis opted for a vibrant look, dressed in head-to-toe pink. The 50-year-old sporting star stood out from the crowd in a structured blazer and turtle neck, with her own medal hanging from the front of her pocket. Having been held at Westminster Abbey since 1972, the Commonwealth Service celebrates the people and cultures of the Commonwealth nations. Today’s service included musical performances from saxophonist Yolanda Brown, West End stars Roshani Abbey and Nuwan Hugh Perera, and the all-female Amalgamation Choir, from Cyprus. Guests of honour among the 2,000-strong congregation also included the Commonwealth secretary-general, the Prime Minister of Samoa, high commissioners, senior politicians and dignitaries from across the UK and the Commonwealth. Kate Middleton joined Prince William to attend the high-profile event, looking elegant in a patterned navy ensemble complete with earrings previously owned by Princess Diana. The Prince and Princess of Wales accompanied King Charles and Camilla, as well as Princess Anne, for the important date in the royal calendar. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Austin Butler and girlfriend Kaia Gerber cosy up at Oscars afterparty after he revealed why she wasn’t at main event MORE : Rihanna and A$AP Rocky attend Beyonce’s Oscars after-party looking incredible as per 