A woman believed to have been the oldest living person has passed away in South Africa aged 128. Mother-of-seven Johanna Mazibuko died at her home in Jouberton, in the country’s North West Province, on March 3. She would have turned 129 in May, local media reports. Thandiwe Wesinyana, her caregiver and daughter-in-law, told News24 that a stroke may have been the cause of her death. The entire community has ‘lost a mother,’ she told the outlet. ‘We loved to pray together and spent most of our days drinking tea and talking,’ she said. ‘I don’t know who I’m going to have fun with anymore. ‘A wound has opened, my heart is sore, and I am shattered. The community is saddened. We’ve all lost a mother.’ According to those close to her, Johanna grew up on a maize farm in South Africa, but never went to school and could not read or write. Although she was never officially verified as the world’s oldest woman by Guinness World Records, documentation exists which states she was born in 1894. In the years since, she has lived three centuries and witnessed British colonialism, apartheid and two world wars. She celebrated her 128th birthday on May 11, 2022, and said the secret to her advanced age was a diet of wild spinach and fresh milk. Speaking to News24 on her most recent birthday, she said: ‘I am amazed at why I am still here after so many years. Why am I still here? People around me have been dying. ‘When will I die? What’s the point of being alive? The world has tired me because I am just sitting here doing nothing,’ she added. The oldest of 12 children, three of which are still alive, Johanna has 7 children, two of whom have outlived her, and has over 50 grandchildren. Her death is being mourned throughout South Africa. Reminiscing on her time growing up, Johanna said: ‘We lived so well on the farms. There were no problems then. I can’t remember my childhood well but I do remember a locust infestation. ‘There were ones we could catch and eat. It was like you are eating meat. We would just fry them and eat the like that just on their own. ‘I grew up healthy eating mostly fresh milk and wild spinach. Now I eat modern food. I am used to it but I miss the food I grew up on’. She later married an older widower named Stawana Mazibuko after his first wife died, but cannot remember exactly when. ‘That man treated me very well and made me forget about my life before him. I did not want for anything.’ After she got married, Johanna earned her living by doing domestic work for owners of farms and worked through the years. As she grew older, she employed Thandiwe Wesinyana to be her carer. The pair have lived together since 2001 and have become firm friends. Thandiwe said: ‘I can’t sleep when I am not next to her. When I come back, she will also say she couldn’t sleep. She says she just sits by the window looking at the gate and wondering when I will be back.’ Johanna’s wider community in South Africa have tried to find a way to have the elder formally recognised by the Guinness Book of Records. The village’s prophet, OJ Madikong, is among those who have tried to share her story. He previously told News24: ‘I believe Mazibuko could have long since been put in the Guinness book of Records. The whole world would know, but we know that it is never late. ‘As long as we as people in Africa know that there is such a person, we are happy that there is someone with 128 years, whether they try to hide her or what but we know there is.’ According to Guinness, the world’s oldest living person is US-born Maria Branyas Morera, who is currently 115 years old. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.