After weeks of steamy snogs, hideaway antics, Casa Amor bust-ups and meme-worthy moments, we have our Winter Love Island winners of 2023! Following Will Young and Jessie Wynter’s dumping in the semi-final, the finalists consisted of Kai Fagan and Sanam Harrinanan, Ron Hall and Lana Jenkins, Shaq Muhammad and Tanya Manhenga, and Tom Clare and Samie Elishi. But there could only be one winning pair – and it was Kai and Sanam! Host Maya Jama dropped into the South African villa for one last time to announce the news to the happy couple, with past Islanders all seated for the show. We also got a glimpse of the lovebirds’ last day in paradise, as they declared their love for one another during a romantic ball before sharing a final dance. Then, the public vote meant Shaq and Tanya finished in fourth place, following a turbulent time on the show and a grilling from Shaq’s sister when the families arrived. But she admitted she was expecting a frosty reception, and they’re ready to start a life together on the outside. Meanwhile, Tom and Samie came in third, gushing over their favourite qualities in one another and declaring that they were ‘official’. Finally, Ron and Lana narrowly missed out on that £50,000 prize, finishing as runners-up. They too had a rocky road to the final, but recently became boyfriend and girlfriend, so something tells us they’re too loved-up to care about not winning. It was Kai and Sanam’s night, though, as they shared a look of disbelief after hearing Maya call their names. Love Island fans were equally as thrilled, after championing Kai and Sanam for the win for weeks. ‘WE DID IT GUYS WE MADE KANAM WIN’, one Twitter user celebrated. ‘YES the right couple won!’, exclaimed another. Getting all emotional over the teacher and social worker’s connection, one fan penned: ‘They’re such a stunning couple, congratulations to Sanam & Kai. The best couple won. It’s not about how long you’ve been together but genuine chemistry & connection. I hope your love continues to grow!’ Sanam’s victory also makes her the first Casa Amor girl to win the ITV2 dating show, after she coupled up with Kai when he chose her over Olivia Hawkins. Love Island is available to stream on ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan reveals she ‘feels wrong’ watching Love Island with her partner Bobby Kootstra as contestants are too young MORE : Love Island viewers praise Shaq Muhammad’s family for helping him ‘see the light’ after turbulent relationship with Tanya Manhenga 