The director of a ‘man with a van’ business and his employee were fined for illegally fly tipping household waste. Stuart Allison, 53, and his cousin Steven Hutton, 44, were sentenced yesterday at Glasgow Sheriff Court after previously admitting an environmental breach. The procurator fiscal depute told the court large scale dumping was discovered at Dalsetter Crescent, which is a dead end, in Glasgow over summer 2020. Huge amounts of household waste and a large quantity of tyres were found by environmental health officers, and police found some items containing names and addresses. After visiting three addresses and speaking to occupants, the residents said they had all found a ‘man with a van’ on Facebook and had paid him to remove various unwanted household items, including a sofa, bed, washing machine, dryer, TV and a hoover. They had made payments to either the bank account of Allison, of Bearsden, or paid the sum in cash to Hutton, of Coatbridge. CCTV from a nearby business in the area showed two vans, which could be traced back to Allison, involved in the unauthorised dumping of waste. The homes of Allison and Hutton were searched in December 2020 and both men were arrested and their phones seized. Analysis of their messages showed they knew they were fly tipping some waste on occasion rather than disposing of it lawfully. In an interview Allison said he was the director of four businesses and did not have a waste management licence for any of them. Hutton confirmed he had worked for Allison, but had recently been sacked. He told police he ‘had dumped waste in nearly every street with a dead end in Glasgow’. Much of the waste in Dalsetter Crescent was destroyed in a fire on July 24, 2020, but there is no suggestion either of the defendants were involved. Glasgow City Council staff said the volume of waste was significantly reduced by the blaze, but the debris consisted of 51 tonnes of tyres and 17 tonnes of household waste. The extent of the fly tipping could even be seen from aerial photos – and it gives this area in Birmingham dubbed ‘one of Britain’s grottiest streets’ close competition. The total cost of the removal of all the waste was £10,000, with the cost of removal of the household items at approximately £1,900. The tyres – which Allison and Hutton were not responsible for – made up most of the cost and someone else was previously convicted and imprisoned for that instance of fly tipping. Allison was fined £750 and ordered to pay £1,900 compensation for the clean-up. Hutton was also fined £750 and both had to pay a £40 victim surcharge. Fiona Caldwell, who leads on wildlife and environmental crime for the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service, said: ‘Fly tipping causes the public real and legitimate concern. ‘It is criminal behaviour which creates an eyesore and is costly to clear up and one that the local council must often carry. ‘The deliberate and criminal actions of Stuart Allison and Steven Hutton show a clear disregard for the environment and undermines legitimate waste management companies. ‘There is no excuse for illegal dumping of waste and, as with this case, where there is sufficient evidence of a crime and if it is appropriate and in the public interest to do so, we will prosecute.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.