Susanna Reid has called out Prince Harry over his latest interview, lambasting the fact that he filmed a ‘live therapy session’ that people could pay to watch. Since stepping down as a working member of the royal family with his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, the Duke of Sussex has conducted several interviews opening up about his life. In his latest engagement, the 38-year-old sat down with physician and author Dr Gabor Maté in a virtual event, discussing ‘living with loss and the importance of personal healing’ in a conversation that was available to stream online. The prince spoke about topics including use of psychedelics, the war in Afghanistan and the attitudes of British soldiers towards the conflict. On Monday’s Good Morning Britain, Susanna shared her views on Harry’s one-on-one with the physician, stating to her co-host Richard Madeley: ‘Did you refer to it as an interview?’ ‘He gave an interview didn’t he? With a shrink,’ Richard replied. With an expression of shock on her face, Susanna added: ‘It’s not an interview – it’s a live therapy session.’ The presenter continued: ‘It’s a live-streamed therapy session. We were just saying, Andrew [Pierce] and Kevin [Maguire], that the complaint about invasion of privacy becomes weaker and weaker when you allow a livestreamed, ticketed, paid-for event which is about as intimate as you can get discussing your own personal thoughts with a counsellor. Don’t you think?’ Susanna then speculated that the ‘justification’ of the event might have been ‘to normalise therapy and for Harry to see himself as someone who’s destigmatising the discussion of mental health’. In a statement released by a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex last year, they outlined that the couple ‘never cited privacy as the reason for stepping back’ from their roles as senior working members of the royal family. The statement, which came amid the release of the couple’s Netflix docu-series, read: ‘This distorted narrative was intended to trap the couple into silence. ‘In fact, their statement announcing their decision to step back mentions nothing of privacy and reiterates their desire to continue their roles and public duties. Any suggestion otherwise speaks to a key point of this series. ‘They are choosing to share their story, on their terms, and yet the tabloid media has created an entirely untrue narrative that permeates press coverage and public opinion. The facts are right in front of them.’ During Harry’s recent conversation with Dr Gabor, it was suggested that the prince has attention deficit disorder (ADD). Dr Gabor, author of The Myth Of Normal: Trauma, Illness & Healing In A Toxic Culture, told the duke that he drew the conclusion that he could have ADD after reading his memoir Spare. ‘When I read your book as a clinician – you can agree or disagree – but I come up with several diagnoses that seem to go on in the book,’ he said. ‘Whether you like it or not, I diagnosed you with ADD, okay? It takes one to know one, I share that diagnosis.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richard Madeley denies he ‘got the sack’ from Good Morning Britain while explaining horror accident that led to absence MORE : Susanna Reid absolutely horrified by news government considered asking public to kill their pet cats to stop Covid spread 