Perrie Edwards has been lapping up the LA sunshine over the last few weeks and marked the end of her trip by sharing a fun video compilation of her time on the USA’s west coast. Snippets of the clip show the star, 29, recording vocals and spending time in a music studio, driving fans wild with anticipation. Beneath doting mum Perrie’s new video, many of her 17.2million followers were quick to share their excitement over the prospect of solo music from the Little Mixer, with a slew of social media users simply saying they ‘can’t wait for PE1 [Perrie Edward’s first solo album]’. Other comments included: ‘Ooohh girly these vocals about to be so fire,’ ‘WE CANNOT WAIT BUT WE WILL FOR YOU,’ ‘PE1 IS COMING!’ and ‘How much longer do we need to wait? I’m ready to stream stream stream!’ Perrie captioned her post: ‘LA was fire! Creating music & memories just makes me so happy!’ Last month, the singer was joined in the City of Angels by her Little Mix bandmate and close pal Jade Thirlwall, with the pair sharing fun photos of their time abroad together. Perrie even brought along her son Axel – who she shares with Liverpool football player fiancé Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain – to catch up with her famous friend. Jade, 30, uploaded adorable snaps to her Instagram story in which she was carrying Axel on her hip and grinning from ear to ear. Jade herself commented on the pictures of her day out with her bestie, writing: ‘No one else I’d rather have a Yorkshire with while sweating our tits off,’ and ‘Omg jerrie reunion!!!! [sic]’. Their reunion came after fellow Little Mix member Leigh-Anne Pinnock admitted she was struggling to be away from her family as she spent time in the star-studded city to work on her solo music career. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who was Erin Maroney Fraser? Saturday Night Live pays tribute to late writer after her death aged 53 MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Amy caught in violent attack 