The love triangle in Wednesday proved extremely divisive among fans of the Netflix series, with Jenna Ortega’s lead character seemingly torn between two romantic interests. The actor has now spoken out about how little that storyline ‘made sense’ from her point of view, detailing how she had to step in on several occasions to make changes to the script. The 20-year-old was a recent guest on Dax Shepard’s podcast Armchair Expert, which is where she opened up about her experience of ‘putting her foot down’ behind the scenes when she disagreed with decisions that were made about the Addams Family fan-favourite. ‘I don’t think I’ve ever had to put my foot down on a set in a way that I had to on Wednesday, because it’s so easy to fall into that category, especially with this type of show. Everything that she does, everything that I had to play, did not make sense for her character at all,’ she shared. ‘Her being in a love triangle made no sense. There was a line about a dress that she has to wear for a school dance, and she said: “Oh my god I love it. I can’t believe I said that – I literally hate myself.” And I had to go: “No.”’ Jenna explained that there were certain times on set where she ‘even became almost unprofessional in a sense where I just started changing lines’. ‘The script supervisor thought I was going with something, and then I’d have to sit down with the writers and they would be like: “Wait, what happened to the scene?” And I would have to go through and explain why I couldn’t do certain things,’ she stated. ‘I grew very, very protective of her, but you can’t lead a story and have no emotional arc, because then it’s boring and nobody likes you.’ Last year, Jenna received high praise when she revealed she had refused to say the line about the dress that Wednesday wears to the Rave’N dance. Speaking at a Netflix Q&A, the Golden Globe nominee shared: ‘I remember there’s a line where I’m talking about a dress and initially she was supposed to say: “Oh my God I’m freaking out over a dress, I literally hate myself.” ‘And I was blown away because that sounded like… it was just a bunch of little things like that. I felt like we were able to avoid a lot of dialogue in an attempt to make her sound human.’ Some Wednesday fans have expressed their admiration for Jenna over her decision to speak out about the divisive love triangle, with the protagonist forming connections with both Tyler (Hunter Doohan) and Xavier (Percy Hynes White). ‘She’s right Wednesday being in a love triangle was dumb and useless to the character. I’m glad Jenna said something,’ one person tweeted. ‘The way Jenna despises the love triangle in Wednesday is so real actually and her reasoning is all true too ! there was no need for that arc it did not align with her character at all and made the show not as great as it could’ve been,’ another remarked. Wednesday is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jenna Ortega ‘so devastated’ after being forced to turn down You season 4 MORE : Jenna Ortega ‘pulled’ her own hair out due to gruelling Wednesday filming schedule  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 