Elon Musk’s brain implant company, Neuralink, could be far away from human testing despite Musk’s claims of them being imminent. The company, founded in 2016, sought permission for human trials from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the first time in early 2022, which was rejected, according to a Reuters report. Seven current and former employees told Reuters that the reasons for the rejection included major safety concerns about the device’s lithium battery. The regulator was worried about the potential for the implant’s tiny wires to migrate to other areas of the brain and questioned whether and how the device could be removed without damaging brain tissue, the employees said. A year after the rejection, Neuralink is still working through the agency’s concerns. Three staffers said they were sceptical the company could quickly resolve the issues. Neuralink has not disclosed details of its trial application, the FDA’s rejection or the extent of the agency’s concerns. As a private company, it is not required to disclose such regulatory interactions to investors. In December last year, Musk said that a wireless ‘brain chip’ developed by Neuralink could begin human clinical trials in six months. Musk said that the company was developing brain chip interfaces that could allow disabled patients to move and communicate again, as well as restore vision. ‘We want to be extremely careful and certain that it will work well before putting a device into a human,’ Musk said during a much-awaited public update on the device. Speaking to a crowd of select invitees in a presentation at Neuralink headquarters that lasted nearly three hours, Musk emphasized the speed at which the company is developing its device. During the hours-long November presentation, Musk said the company had submitted ‘most of our paperwork’ to the agency, without specifying any formal application, and Neuralink officials acknowledged the FDA had asked safety questions in what they characterized as an ongoing conversation. Musk and other Neuralink officials did not respond to requests for comment on the company’s device or its dealings with the FDA. The agency declined to comment on Neuralink, citing laws keeping commercial information private. Neuralink’s regulatory struggles stem largely from its culture of setting goals for breakthroughs on extremely ambitious timelines and viewing regulators as obstacles to innovation, according to more than a dozen current and former company employees. While Musk’s leadership style, might work with his electric carmaker Tesla, the same might not be true in developing medical devices to be tested on humans, said the staffers. Musk, who also runs electric vehicle manufacturer Tesla, rocket firm SpaceX, and social media platform Twitter, is known for lofty goals such as colonizing Mars and saving humanity. His ambitions for Neuralink, are of the same grand scale and if successful could turn humans into cyborgs who can fend off the threat from sentient machines powered by artificial intelligence. At a public event in 2020, Musk said: ‘You’ll be able to save and replay memories…. The future is going to be weird.’ Such high-flying ambition has contributed to Neuralink’s estimated worth of more than $1 billion, far higher than its competitors, according to four people familiar with the private valuation. At a Neuralink public presentation in 2021, the company unveiled a monkey with a brain chip that played a computer game by thinking alone. While Neuralink repeatedly missed internal deadlines to gain FDA approval to start human trials, competitors have already beaten them to it. Brain implant company, Synchron, have already implanted a brain chip in a patient in the United States for the first time after US regulatory clearance for human trials in 2021. It has also completed studies on four people in Australia. MORE : Neuralink accused of illegally moving hazardous germs from monkey brains MORE : Musk’s Neuralink investigated over killing 1,500 animals in botched tests