Ever wondered if you’re shaving your pubes more or less than the average person? No? Well you’re about to find out anyway. In a study of 1,560 English-speaking 18- to 25-year-olds, published in Anzjog, 69.4% reported participating in grooming behaviour, with a similar amount of men choosing to shave their pubic area as women. Just under three quarters (71%) shave their pubic area once every month. Data was collected for two similarly aged cohorts, occurring in 2014 and again in 2021. Interestingly, it found that women were less likely to shave down there in 2021 than they were nine years ago. Also, in 2014, no men responded to the survey, whereas 65% said they engaged in pubic hair grooming in 2021, showing a gendered shift. ‘Traditionally, men have not engaged in depilatory behaviours, as the presence of body hair was considered masculine, attractive and virile,’ researchers wrote. ‘However, more recently it appears that the hairless physicality of males has been embraced, perhaps as exposure to pornography has increased with greater opportunities to engage in sex with the use of dating software applications.’ According to the study, the most popular reasons reported for pubic hair grooming habits were religion, seeing a doctor, preferring a neater or cleaner look, and relief of discomfort. Both men and woman said they preferred oral sex if there was less or no pubic hair. Women who reported grooming their pubic hair were more likely to watch pornography and more likely to consider cosmetic surgery or Botox. Finally, on how people choose to get rid of their pubic hair, the most popular method was the handheld razor, which is likely due to financial reasons. Seriously, who is paying for waxing in this climate? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Does your ex keep talking about you on social media? This should be your next move MORE : Kate Middleton looks sophisticated in matching jacket and skirt combination for Commonwealth Service MORE : Grandad says his 92-year-old Easter egg is the ‘oldest in the UK’