Elizabeth Banks rushed onto the stage with a touch too much enthusiasm at the 2023 Oscars on Sunday night, tripping up on her way to the podium. The 49-year-old filmmaker and actress was on hand to present the award for best visual effects but tripped as she took to the stage. However, despite heels and a voluminous gown, she luckily quickly managed to steady herself, making it more of a blink and you’ll miss it moment. The actress then jokingly styled it out by taking a succession of slow pantomime steps as she grinned at the audience before making it to the podium in one piece. Joined by a person wearing a bear costume in reference to her recent film Cocaine Bear, she quipped: ‘Oh my God. He tripped me.’ She the pointed out that his was pretty much what she would have been left with – a man in a bear suit, ‘probably on cocaine’ – if she didn’t have the magic of VFX available to her for the movie. Elizabeth also appeared to be struggling with her voice during the introduction, sounding strained and rasping as though she had either lost or was a little under the weather. At one point, she acknowledged and apologised for her scratchy voice, but didn’t give any further details. The award, unsurprisingly, went to the team for Avatar: The Way of Water for their groundbreaking VFX on the James Cameron-helmed sequel. The Way of Water is now officially the third-highest grossing film of all time, clearing the way for the team to get cracking on films four and five following the third, which is already in post-production. Talking to Metro.co.uk on the red carpet at the Baftas last month, the team teased a few details of what could be expected in the later movies. As Joe Letteri claimed ‘You know more about it than we do!’, Eric Saindon joked: ‘We know there’s going to be blue people,’ before confirming details of the new ‘evil’ fire tribe, which Cameron first mentioned when saying the next film would show the Na’vi ‘from another angle’. ‘Yes [Cameron] has said that. Oona Chaplin’s character. We’ll see when we get started – well, we are started!’ Letteri continued: ‘There’s some pretty terrific scenes in there, actually. Something to look forward to.’ After spending five years on the sequel, the VFX team confirmed that Avatar 3 is ‘a little shorter timeframe’. ‘A lot of the development that took place for Way of Water will obviously be used in the following films,’ verified Daniel Barrett. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lady Gaga is total icon after rushing to help fallen photographer on star-studded Oscars 2023 red carpet MORE : Oscar-winner Jamie Lee Curtis weighs in on ‘complicated’ question of gender-neutral awards categories ‘as mother of transgender daughter’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 