Ian Wright and Alan Shearer have pulled out of Saturday’s edition of Match of the Day in ‘solidarity’ with Gary Lineker. It was confirmed on Friday that Lineker would ‘step back’ from presenting the BBC show ‘until an agreement is reached on his social media use’. The announcement comes after Lineker made comments criticising the government’s new asylum policy. The BBC say this breached their guidelines as Lineker is a freelance employee, having hosted Match of the Day since 1999. The BBC added that Lineker should ‘keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies’. But Lineker has received widespread support on social media and his Match of the Day colleagues Wright and Shearer have pulled out of Saturday’s show in response to the BBC’s decision. Former England and Arsenal striker Wright tweeted: ‘Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I’ve told the BBC I won’t be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity.’  Premier League record goalscorer Alan Shearer followed suit, saying: ‘I have informed the BBC that I won’t be appearing on MOTD tomorrow night.’ Earlier this week, Home Secretary Suella Braverman outlined the government’s plans to ban people arriving in the UK illegally from ever claiming asylum. Ms Braverman said this would combat a rise in the number of people crossing the Channel, but Lineker described it as an ‘immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s’. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak defended the proposals and said stopping the arrival of small boats was a ‘priority’ for the British people, but many opposition MPs and charities have condemned the plans. Lineker’s comments led to a swift response from the BBC, who said: ‘When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none. ‘We have never said that Gary should be an opinion free zone, or that he can’t have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies.’ Lineker played for Leicester City, Everton, Barcelona and Tottenham as well as earning 80 caps for England and becoming the Three Lions’ fourth-leading goalscorer with 48 goals. Since retiring, he has become a respected presenter and is the BBC’s highest paid star, having earned around £1.35m in 2020. The 62-year-old has previously housed asylum seekers and publicly called for better rights and protections for refugees. Following the BBC’s announcement on Lineker, former BBC presenter Dan Walker tweeted: ‘I used to sit in for Gary Lineker on MOTD… not sure I’d fancy it this weekend. What a mess!’ MORE : Why did Gary Lineker ruffle more feathers than the actual small boats policy? MORE : Piers Morgan calls Gary Lineker ‘victim of Jeremy Clarkson style witch hunt’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 