Micah Richards claims Arsenal will be ‘demoralised’ after Manchester City maintained the pressure on the Premier League leaders with a narrow victory at Crystal Palace. The Gunners were hoping for a favour from Arsenal legend Patrick Vieira and his Palace side at Selhurst Park but Erling Haaland’s late penalty settled the affair. Crystal Palace, who risk getting dragged into a relegation battle, frustrated the defending champions for 78 minutes until Michael Olise conceded a penalty for a late challenge on Ilkay Gundogan. Haaland made no mistake from the spot, scoring his 28th goal of the season to cut Arsenal’s lead at the top of the table to two points. Mikel Arteta’s side, aiming to win the Premier League for the first time since 2004, can restore their five-point lead on Sunday when they make the short trip to west London to face Fulham. Speaking after Manchester City beat Crystal Palace, ex-England defender Richards told Sky Sports: ‘Man City have not been at their best but they’re managing to win games. ‘If I go back to the time I was in a title race, you would watch the other games, Arsenal would have watched that tonight. City not playing at their best but still getting the three points through a late penalty, that’s demoralising at times. ‘Our title race was against Man United and that psychological battle going around in your head is really tough.   ‘What Man City have that Arsenal don’t is the experience of being there and doing it. They know the level they are and how far they can go. ‘Arsenal don’t have that at the moment. I thought Arsenal would challenge this season because of the fresh ideas and the passion. ‘But Man City may have a psychological edge so it’s about whether Arsenal can focus on what they need to do. They’ve been in good form too so it will be interesting.’ Manchester City have now won five of their last six games as they bid to defend their Premier League crown. Following City’s hard-fought win in south London, Pep Guardiola said: ‘My experience is that every time we come here it has been very tough. ‘Always I have the feeling when we come here, we play really good thinking how good they are. So I am very pleased.’ For Crystal Palace, the defeat leaves them just four points above the relegation zone, though five teams are between the Eagles and 18th-placed West Ham. MORE : Mikel Arteta gives Martin Odegaard update ahead Fulham v Arsenal MORE : ‘I wish I never left!’ Willian reveals Arsenal regret after Chelsea decision For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 