Madonna seemed to have found love once more as she cosied up to a new man following her recent break-up. The 64-year-old megastar reportedly split from her ex-lover Andrew Darnell, 23, last week after five months together. Finding a new flame of his own, Andrew is also said to have moved on from the pop singer with someone closer to his own age. The Like A Prayer hit maker didn’t waste any time putting herself back out there as she appeared to be getting closer with boxer Josh Popper, 29. Claimed to be enjoying each other’s company, the pair are said to have become entangled while Josh was training her children at New York City’s Bredwinners gym. Dating rumours swirled after the songstress appeared in Instagram pictures that showed the duo cuddling up to each other at the boxing ring. The images saw Madonna gripping her supposed new man’s biceps as he flexed his muscles for the camera. She donned a floor-length silk black coat and kept her dark sunglasses on as she posed with the athletic sportsman. Her auburn hair was parted in the middle and hung in loose waves down her back. Madonna penned a caption to the post that read: ‘In a male driven culture, there are always exceptions,’ and followed it up with a picture of herself wrapped around a punching bag with the words: ‘Hard to ignore the reality… that most women get demolished.’ News of her blossoming love life came after she paid tribute to her late brother Anthony Ciccone on Monday. Uploading a message to her Instagram story, the chart-topper shared a black and white image of her brother in a group of friends and left heart-felt words of praise for her sibling. She typed: ‘Thank you for blowing my mind as a young girl and introducing me to Charlie Parker, Miles David, Buddhism, Taoism, Charles Bukowski, Richard Brautigan, Jack Kerouac, expansive thinking, outside the box. ‘You planted many important seeds’. Ciccone’s death was announced on Sunday by Joe Henry – who is married to Madonna’s sister Melanie Ciccone – however, his cause of death is yet to be revealed. Metro.co.uk contacted Madonna’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna grateful to focus on tour after older brother’s recent death MORE : Madonna pays heartfelt tribute after brother Anthony Ciccone dies aged 66: ‘You planted many important seeds’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 