Jennifer Coolidge continues in her seemingly effortless mission to win the internet, this time blessing us with an exquisitely kooky photo shoot directed by the Daniels. The directing duo, Daniel Kwan and Daniel Schinert – known collectively as the Daniels – are the brains behind the most nominated film at this year’s Oscars, Everything Everywhere All at Once, which boasts 11. Meanwhile Jennifer has enjoyed a fantastic awards season run herself with an Emmy, Golden Globe and Critics Choice Award to her name following her triumphant turn as Tanya in HBO hit TV show The White Lotus. It’s like a buzzy match made in heaven, which the delightful pictures of the 61-year-old Legally Blonde break-out star in various couture pieces gleefully posing with weapons and destroying small city sets, seem to attest to. According to the Daniels, there was no other choice for the photo shoot tribute to the campy Japanese genre Tokusatsu, which blessed us with such cinema icons as Godzilla, Mothra and Giant Robo. In one set-up, Jennifer tramples gleefully all over a miniature city wearing a green and black spotted Valentino Haute Couture jacket and Thom Browne heeled lace-up shoes. Another shows her in a black and pink bowed dress, holding impressive looking swords and posing with Power Rangers-inspired sidekicks. Want Jennifer in a purple frilled tube dress carrying a dog-shaped handbag or resplendent in a black gown with Gucci jewelled cape and a Laurel DeWitt crown, blasting a lobster-shaped foe with a glitzy staff? You’re covered there too. Despite having never worked together and only briefly met for the first time at the Critics’ Choice Awards in January, the Daniels were sure on their leading lady. Kwan told W magazine: ‘Of all the people who are having a moment right now, she felt like someone exciting to put on the cover of a magazine.’ Schienert also revealed that they are always keen to work with more seasoned actors, fresh off working with the likes of Jamie Lee Curtis, 64, and 60-year-old Michelle Yeoh on EEAAO, both of whom were Oscar nominated. He added: ‘I’m prejudiced against young people. I have problems with our youth-obsessed culture and beauty standards, so anytime we can shake things up a little, I’m all for it.’ The directors, who are both 35, reveal that they ‘still feel just like babies’. During their day in Corriganville Park an old movie-set ranch in California’s Simi Valley, Shotgun Wedding star Jennifer recognised their youth – and genius. She revealed: ‘They were like these sort of child prodigies who are super, super smart and just super creative. I’ve never been asked to do a shoot like this: I have weapons, take down small cities, pick up cars and throw them. ‘I don’t know if I will ever be this surprised again.’ Not done with her praise, the American Pie and Promising Young Woman actress added that it was ‘one of the best things I have ever been involved in’. We’ve got to admit it’s up there. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Colin Farrell recalls ‘lesson in humility’ late friend Dame Elizabeth Taylor gave him as he praises Irish ‘sense of civic duty’ MORE : Selling Sunset’s Jason Oppenheim teases ‘difficult situations’ in explosive new season  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 