A man with multiple sclerosis so bad he cannot cut up his own food has been classed as ‘fit to work’ by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Phillip Loughney has been struggling to get his classification changed since 2018, when two missed appointments with the DWP triggered the current mess. The 32-year-old, who relies on an electric wheelchair to get around and is unable to leave the house alone, had to cancel the meetings because of his illness. But this resulted in his Employment Support Allowance (ESA) being cut off for three months, leaving him to rely on food banks and charity to survive. ‘This was the lowest period in my life and I survived mostly on a wholesale box of ramen noodles with occasional poached eggs for protein,’ the former DJ from Liverpool said. When he eventually got his ESA reinstated, he was placed in the ‘working group’ category – he believes this is because he expressed an interest in volunteering at Alder Hey Children’s Hospital one day. Phillip asked for his situation to be reassessed but says this request was ignored. He was transferred from ESA to universal credit in 2020, where he remains ‘limited capability for work’ category. This means he still has work requirements so he ends up having to continually provide the DWP with sick notes to prove his degenerative condition. He was even sent job listings for him to work as a full-time carer. Phillip is confined to a single ground-floor room equipped with a hospital bed and a commode as his MS has caused him to lose almost all mobility. He said: ‘Imagine me as a carer, trying to help people sit up and roll out of bed. I need two people to help me out of bed myself every morning. ‘It’s so absurd, and it doesn’t help. It makes me miserable to see all these ways of making money I don’t have access to. ‘I’d love to work, because I want to help people. I just want to live an independent life.’ Phillip, who was diagnosed with MS in 2016, had to move back to his family home in Old Swan, Liverpool, in last October because his health deteriorated further And yet, he seems unable to get his ‘fit to work’ category changed. He claims he has only had one health assessment over the phone since 2018. ‘They say they will get round to it,’ he added. Phillip opened up about how the whole situation has affected his mental health too. He said: ‘It’s embarrassing to even have to talk about benefits; nobody wants to live this way. I’m disabled, and it feels weak to even admit it. I didn’t want to be in this system. ‘I want to work and pay taxes, and instead I’m fighting for the barest scraps to have a remotely normal life. ‘I don’t have a life at the moment. My mum is caring for me, though I should be caring for her at this age. I’m very depressed because of it. ‘It’s very difficult to live with, and my parents have to see it. There’s no way they can’t. I don’t want them to have to look after their 32-year-old son.’ Philip recieves £650 per month in universal credit – an amount which will have been partially determined by his ‘fit to work’ classification. This is not enough for him to afford the downpayment on accessible rented accommodation – and because he lives with his parents, he does not qualify for help from Liverpool Council. On top of this Phillip, like many other disabled people, has extra living costs. His electric wheelchair alone cost £1,800, his motorised bed cost around £2,000, and further accommodations, such as adapted kitchen and bathroom items and a ‘life alarm’ button add up to hundreds of pounds. The DWP said: ‘We apologise unreservedly for the inconvenience and distress caused to Mr Loughney. We have arranged a Work Capability Assessment for Mr Loughney to ensure any errors in his claim are corrected and we have contacted him directly to update him.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.