The Moon is squaring Jupiter, meaning that it could be a time for more optimism and diplomacy. The face-off could leave Taurus feeling upbeat and others also feeling good, even if their values clash. Meanwhile, Virgo could begin to see the benefits in letting go their grudges against a person in authority. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for March 5, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Co-operation is key. You may see how you and others could benefit from embarking on a plan or project as a team, rather than going at it separately. When you pull together, you’ll travel further in a shorter time. With the Moon in Libra, lunar ties reveal you’ll find it easier to liaise, negotiate and collaborate. These congenial influences also enhance a romantic date or social event, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may need to make allowances for others who don’t see things the way you do, and who could be a tad difficult at times. The Moon/Jupiter face-off can assist you with being upbeat, leaving others feeling good, even if your values are at odds. A focus on the sign of Aries, can inspire you to dream big. You have the ability and the talent, you just need to go for it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Saturn, newly in a high-flying zone, is encouraging you to dig deep into your reserves of power and strength, as this may be the only way you can succeed at something you have set your heart on. If you thought it was going to be easy, this stoic planet is telling you that it will be if you’re prepared to change. You may be way out of your comfort zone, but you’ll soon get used to this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Giving your home or living area a crucial makeover? This is the perfect time. if you’re keen to make space for new projects. If you enjoy crafts or have been thinking about setting up a small business or exercise area, the current alignment can bring ideas bubbling to the surface. Considering some bigger changes? It’s wise to ask family members for their opinion first. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If you’re still feeling your way into a situation that you’ve never encountered before, you might be nervous of what to expect. The coming days can find you becoming more confident and willing to make mistakes as you gain experience. If you need help, ask for it, Leo. The Moon in Libra encourages you to connect with others who have been there and succeeded greatly. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may have a personal issue with someone in authority, but today you’ll begin to see the value in letting any differences go, and instead making a sterling effort to get on with this person. You’ll be better off with them on your side than being in constant conflict. The reason for this may become clear over coming days, when you might need their help in securing an opportunity. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Moon in your sign boosts your ability to play the diplomat and be tactful when necessary. Have you held back from saying things that need to be said? This can change, with a desire to be more open and share your feelings. If you’re fed up with a situation, you may be ready to say something. The emphasis on bold and feisty Aries can help, and not a moment too soon, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Ready to reorganise your daily routine? If you can see the benefits it would bring, including more free time, then think about it. There may be other options on the horizon that are of interest to you, and juggling your commitments could be necessary to allow you to participate. But don’t begrudge yourself opportunities for relaxation and self-care, Scorpio. Make these non-negotiable. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 This is not the time to doubt yourself, as key influences suggest you could do well. Yet you may swing between a can and can’t approach. If you give way to fear, you could miss out on an opportunity to further your plans or key goals. It really comes down to changing your mindset from one that might be pessimistic, to one that reflects your buoyancy and optimism, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 If you’ve been overthinking a certain issue, you could feel anxious at your lack of progress. You might be so eager to do the right thing, that you end up doing nothing. But a lively link involving expansive Jupiter, could change this by boosting your confidence and inspiring you to go for it. If you don’t move beyond your doubts and fears, you’ll never get anywhere, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Lunar ties suggest a lively encounter might lead to interesting developments. The seed of a new friendship may be planted, and with constant care could turn into a supportive association that opens your mind to new ideas and opportunities. If you share similar interests, then time could see you forging a much stronger bond that becomes an inspiration to you both, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may be going through the motions regarding an activity. If you are, ask yourself if it’s necessary. It could be habit that makes you do it. A little conscious reflection might bring the realization that there are other options. And life is too short to be involved with anything that you don’t really want to do. What would a perfect day look like? Think about it, and go from there. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for March 5 to March 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : The Full Moon in Virgo urges you to review your routines – your star sign’s tarot horoscope