An NHS cardiac physiologist, from Fairford, Gloucestershire, has used her passion for DIY and interior design to transform her property into a dream home. Liz Goulding bought the 1960s house two years ago when it was dated and dirty  – with grubby magnolia paint, ancient floral wallpaper and blue toilets. But since – with the support of her husband, Daniel – the 38-year-old has redecorated the home for her two sons: eight-year-old Jackson and three-year-old and Spencer. The NHS worker says she managed to do the majority of the work on one day every week, while her kids were in school. Liz decorated her kids’ rooms in styles to reflect their personalities and even knocked through an old brick fireplace with a hammer and chisel – which she said was the hardest part of the renovation. She also kept prices low by buying from charity shops and auction sites – which reduced her costs by around 80%. Liz said: ‘It was clear that there was a lot of work to be done to make it into the home we imagined. To keep costs down, I undertook almost all of the work myself. I taught myself how to do it using YouTube and trial and error. ‘I got a huge sense of satisfaction from achieving good results myself. I have learnt so much along the way. ‘My husband is a big fan of mid-century, well-made furniture that’s built to last. He is now so impressed with my ability to upcycle them into modern furniture. ‘He lets me get on with the work that I undertake and trusts my instincts. ‘My children love their rooms. I have designed them according to their tastes and demands.’ Liz also upcycled a ruined sideboard into a double vanity unit and used tester paint pots to save money. In total, the physiologist spent less than £10,000 on the renovation, but has increased the value of her home considerably. The family bought the house in 2020 for £399,000 – but it’s now estimated to be worth around £500,000. Take a closer look around Liz’s house below… Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : We got on the property ladder with a £8,500 deposit, here’s how MORE : What to expect when buying a property: Make sure to do your homework MORE : London’s most valuable house could be yours if you have a spare £300,000,000