Una Healy is officially single after supposedly being in a ‘throuple’ with boxer David Haye and Sian Osborne. The former Saturdays singer, 41, first became romantically linked to the couple earlier this year after she was photographed enjoying a holiday to Marrakech, Morocco with them. And while none of the three officially addressed the rumours, David, 42, appeared to confirm their relationship on Valentine’s Day in a fiery Instagram tribute post. as he paid tribute to the ‘Queens’ in his life. However, the romance was not to last, as Una confirmed that she’s now going it alone and focussing on parenting her two children, whom she shares with her ex-husband, Ben Foden, 37. She revealed: ‘I am single and raising my two children, just like many other single parents – both men and women – doing a great job. I am a single parent. I don’t like the term single mother as it has negative connotations. ‘You can’t do it all by yourself. There is no shame in asking for help, be that from childcare, family or friends.’ Una continued to The Irish Mirror: ‘I am often asked how I juggle it all as a single parent but men aren’t asked that. ‘In fact, I can never remember a time when I heard a man being asked how he juggles it all. Mothers don’t have a choice if they are single – you just get on with it.’ Una’s announcement comes two weeks after she deleted all traces of the boxer and his girlfriend, 31, from her social media accounts following reports they had parted ways. A source previously told The Sun: ‘Una is taking time out from the situation because it is a bit of a head spin. Her kids are always her number one priority. ‘There are complicated feelings at play, with [David and Sian] being away together without her. So Una is just focusing on herself and her family.’ The star was still sharing cosy snaps with the boxer as recently as last Wednesday when she pressed send on a post that pictured the pair cuddling together on a beach with the caption: ‘It was me and him x [sic]’. Metro.co.uk has contacted Una’s rep for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 