If you’re the type of person who never wants their holidays to end, you’ll love the sound of this lengthy travel experience. The world’s first three-year cruise has recently been announced, giving passengers a chance to live at sea and see the world while they’re at it. Launching on November 1, the MV Gemini by Life at Sea Cruises will voyage to 135 different countries, covering 130,000 miles and visiting 375 ports across the globe. The ship will depart from Istanbul, with pick-ups in Barcelona, Spain and Miami, Florida. From there, passengers will get the chance to see 13 World Wonders, from the Colosseum in Rome to the Taj Mahal in India. Rio de Janeiro’s Christ the Redeemer statue and the Great Wall of China are also on the itinerary. Sun worshippers can relax on the unspoilt beaches of the Caribbean, while more intrepid travellers can journey through Antarctica to see penguins in the wild and witness the region’s majestic glaciers. It really is the trip of a lifetime, including stops in every continent. They’re not flying visits either, as the ship docks for up to a week at a time in each place, really giving you a feel for the destination. There are 14 offices on board to work from, along with 400 rooms housing up to 1,074 guests (who we imagine you’ll get to know pretty well on your extensive expedition). It’s not exactly cheap, with a standard inside cabin coming in at $29,999 (£25,022) per year per person. There are finance options available, though, and these rooms are provide upwards of 130 square feet of space to relax in after a day of exploring. The most expensive cabin is the suite with a wide balcony. This will set you back $109,999 (£91,804) per person per year, measuring 322 square feet when including the outdoor space. Even though these seem like big numbers, when you compare the cruise’s monthly starting price of $2,499 (£2,085) to London rent, it doesn’t seem too bad at all – especially given it’s on an all-inclusive board basis. All tickets include meals, beverages, accommodations, WIFI, medical visits and all activities onboard, including port taxes and service charges. You’ll even get alcohol at dinner for free, which is a very rare find in the cruising world. Alcohol outside of dinner time isn’t included, and you’ll have to pay extra for spa services, medical procedures or medicines, shore excursions and certain premium services, or if you want a permanent office space to call your own. It’s also an all-or-nothing kind of deal. Passengers must book for the full three years – no short stays are available, so commitment-phobes beware. For those that want to pack their bags and give up the rat race, however, it’s the ultimate bucket list trip. Just make sure you don’t suffer with seasickness, or that could be a long three years indeed. Check out and enquire to book Life at Sea’s MV Gemini three-year cruise here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY expert reveals the jobs you should ALWAYS leave to a professional MORE : Cadbury axes popular chocolate egg just in time for Easter