Like many during the pandemic, Lance Charger lost his high-profile corporate job and wondered how he would make ends meet. To stave off the boredom of unemployment, Lance began to post pictures on his social media accounts and quickly amassed a sizeable following. He had never considered a career in the adult entertainment industry, but a chance message from a fan, who encouraged him to monetise his content, set him on a successful path in LGBTQ+ porn. Lance’s experiences in the business is explored in docuseries Click Boys, produced by World of Wonder, the firm also behind the megahit RuPaul’s Drag Race, for its streaming platform Wow Presents Plus. He spoke to Metro.co.uk about how being a sex worker improved his body image, having struggled with issues around ‘masculitiny, virility and sexuality.’ ‘I would wake up, I’d look in the mirror, I know I had to be on set all day and I’d have a full scale nervous breakdown,’ he explained. ‘And then spend an hour trying to put my face together and de-redden in my eyes and get myself like psyched up to go on set.’ As a consummate professional, Lance recieved postitive feedback from his producers, as well as from his followers, which boosted his self-esteem. He continued: ‘And then a couple of months later, I’m laying in bed, and I’m flipping through Twitter, and I see something that catches my eye because it’s hot and I go back, and it’s me. ‘It was those instances that I was like, ‘You’ve you’ve got to calm down,  you have to quit being so mean to yourself because you look great there.” ‘And so when you have a few of those objective moments, I think I just learned to be a little gentler on myself.’ Lance retired from the porn industry after two years when he received a job offer he couldn’t refuse in the beauty world, but he said he still practises the self-acceptance he learnt as a sex worker. As he said in Click Boys: ‘Lance has done for me what $10,000 [£8,309]-worth of therapy over a 20-year period couldn’t do for me.’ He continued to Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s really carried through because I’m working 70/80 hours a week I don’t have time to eat or eat the way I used to, or go to the gym as much as I used to, or get as much sleep as I used. ‘It was all about how I looked and now it’s all about this brand that I work for that I care so much about and want to be successful. ‘So I’m so glad I went through what I went through because I probably bein tears every day because I feel like I’m falling apart because I’m working so hard. ‘But I’m a lot kinder than I used to be. Click Boys, produced by World of Wonder, drops weekly exclusively in the UK on WOW Presents Plus on Mondays at 9pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pornhub whistleblower says moderators asked to check 800-1000 videos per eight hour shift MORE : How moist is your penis? Here’s how a Pornhub creator turned to OnlyFans to rate manhoods 