Winter Love Island 2023’s finale aired on Monday night and there wasn’t a dry eye in sight as contestants spilled their love for one another – both intentionally and accidentally. Ahead of finding out she had in fact won the show with her other half Kai Fagan, Sanam Harrinanan offered host Maya Jama some revelations during a pre-results interview. While chatting about her experience meeting her partner in the Casa Amor phase of the ITV dating show, the rising star accidentally made her true feelings known. She slipped up while complimenting Kai on all that she liked about his and shared reasons she ‘fell in love’ with the teacher. Sanam said: ‘For me, it was always Kai, like I always said he was my number one. ‘Obviously, he is a very attractive guy but I fell in love with everything. ‘Everything about him, I just, I just loved it. I really didn’t think I was gonna be here. I’m going to cry!’ Instantly noticing her mistake, Sanam doubled over in shock and laughed away the comment as audience members oo-ed and ah-ed over the adorable moment. She admitted she was on the verge of tears at how happy she was which prompted presenter Maya to declare she couldn’t look at the islander for fear of bursting into sobs herself. At the end of the show, the pair beat fellow couples Lana Jenkins and Ron Hall and Samie Elishi and Tom Clare, in second and third place respectively, to be crowned winners. Tanya Mahenga and Shaq Muhammad placed fourth, following a public vote. Social media erupted at the news and sent well-wished to the happy pairing as they celebrated with former islanders on screen. One fan penned: ‘I’m am so happy I voted.Listen Kai and Sanam were literally the purest. They stayed out ppls business and enjoyed their journey. I stand with them because not all relationships are built on insecurities , they just loved on each other. I see them working long term [sic]’. Another noted: ‘Kai and Sanam are also the first ever couple who are both of colour to win Love Island !!!!!! [sic]’. ‘I love how kai and sanam weren’t just the typical “we fancy each other” couple in LI they both have so much in common and genuine people with real jobs, no drama, just realness [sic]’, was a users response to the result. Viewers of the show were also pleased to see a contestant that entered the programme later on during Casa Amor prove winning was possible from that position. Love Island is available to watch on ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers accuse finalist of ‘stealing’ fellow islander’s speech idea during finale ball MORE : Kai Fagan and Sanam Harrinanan crowned winners of Winter Love Island 2023 and fans are over the moon 