After a winter that saw day after day of strike action, it seems spring will be no different. Staff at two Scottish airports as well as driving examiners in England and Wales will be walking out today. Prospect union members at Highlands and Islands Airports Ltd (Hial), a state-owned company, will strike at Stornoway Airport and Sumburgh Airport. They include firefighters, security staff, baggage handlers, ground crew and administrators. Prospect, which represents public sector workers, among others, rejected a pay offer of 5% – half the current inflation rate that has driven food and fuel prices up. The union says neither Hial nor the Scottish government has proposed a ‘substantive’ pay offer to help staff spiralling during the cost-of-living crisis. It comes after regional airports across Hial’s network were hit by strike action in December and last month. March’s wave of strikes will see more regional airports grounded – including Dundee and Irveness – across three other days. Prospect negotiation officer Jane Rose said: ‘Our members in Fire and Security ensure airports across the highlands and islands operate safely and securely for the communities and businesses that they serve. ‘They do not deserve the substantial real terms pay cut that is currently on offer. ‘Members have resisted taking action for many months in the hope of avoiding disruption to their communities. ‘However, we are in the worst cost of living crisis in 40 years and both HIAL and Scottish Government have completely failed to try and deliver a pay increase that properly addresses that. ‘As such, we have no option but to take this action.’ Similar challenges are facing staff at the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), which carries out driving tests and supervises MOT checks. Driving examiners in south-west England and Wales who are members of the civil servants union, Public and Commercial Services (PCS), are striking today. The rolling days of stoppages from March 8-28 will see more than 1,600 DVSA workers not turn up to shifts. This could lead to some practical driving texts being disrupted, but the British government said theory tests should be fine. PCS general secretary Mark Serwotka warned: ‘The more ministers choose to ignore members’ concerns over low pay, the more angry our members become. ‘Our members cannot choose to ignore the cost-of-living crisis. Ministers can choose to resolve this dispute by putting money on the table.’ What could have been a triple-whammy of walkouts was reduced to two after a strike by ambulance workers in Wales was called off on Wednesday. Members of Unite, which represents around a quarter of the workforce, were due to take to picket lines over threadbare pay and declining workplace conditions. But UniteWales ‘paused’ the industrial action after ‘progress’ was made in talks with Welsh government officials. It followed a series of similar actions in February involving more than half of Wales ambulance service. The Welsh government is at the negotiating table with three health unions – Unite, the GMB and the Royal College of Nursing. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.