Martin Keown has hit out at ‘really annoying’ Bruno Fernandes and says Manchester United may need to replace the midfielder if his petulance continues to be an issue. Fernandes was widely criticised after United’s record-breaking 7-0 defeat to Premier League rivals Liverpool on Sunday. Old Trafford legend Gary Neville said his behaviour and attitude during the game was ‘disgraceful’, with Fernandes seen diving and moaning at his team-mates. Fernandes, 28, also pushed one of the referee’s assistants towards the end of the game, although he looks set to escape punishment for the incident. Keown admits Fernandes ‘really annoys’ him and says a ‘decision will have to made’ if the Portugal international continues to let his emotions get the better of him. ‘All of the characteristics that were evident on Sunday have been there since he came to the UK,’ Keown told talkSPORT. ‘I can’t even look at him because it annoys the hell out of me but I try to look at what he can do rather than the things that really annoy me because he has got a great talent. ‘But the decision has to be made, this new Manchester United is he going to be a part of that?  ‘Paul Pogba was a player they had this power struggle with between him and Fernandes and Fernandes was taking top job and come in with a new contract. ‘Did they make the right call? We’re either of them good enough? They have to look is that the type of player they want. ‘They want his creativity, they want his 11 assists, they want his seven goals but do they want those personality traits that really annoy you?  ‘I think I would have to say to him stop feigning injuries, stop looking for advantages, it’s going against us. ‘As a neutral watching that, you look at some of the players reactions. It’s not the same situation as rugby union or rugby league, I think you can actually say it [to a captain]. ‘It’s very contrasting, Roy Keane must be watching that and his [Fernandes’ behaviour] is so much opposite to what Roy Keane was. ‘It’s annoying but is that the modern day player? He is far from perfect, he can change, and Ten Hag has to try to and if he can’t then he has to go.’ Manchester United’s embarrassing defeat at Anfield leaves them nine points behind Manchester City and 14 behind Premier League leaders Arsenal with a game in hand. It was a chastening afternoon for the Red Devils but Fernandes was singled out for criticism by Neville and fellow United legend Roy Keane. ‘The second half has been an absolute disgrace,’ Neville told Sky Sports. ‘It was a shambles, epitomised by captain Bruno Fernandes, who has been embarrassing at times.  ‘They’ve not understood the dangers of this fixture. The Manchester United players have been eaten alive out there.’ Keane added: ‘Fernandes’ body language today was nothing short of disgraceful. ‘A really talented boy, he’s your captain, but his body language, waving his arms, not running back… you wouldn’t be happy with him in your dressing room.’ MORE : Victor Osimhen ‘dreams’ of Premier League move amid Man Utd and Chelsea links MORE : Ian Wright warns Bruno Fernandes over long-term Manchester United future For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 