Ken Bruce has officially bowed out of his BBC Radio 2 show after more than 40 years at the corporation. The 72-year-old Scottish presenter, who has helmed the mid-morning slot for more than 30 years, had his last handover from Zoe Ball’s breakfast show on Friday. While the broadcaster’s contract had been due to expire at the end of March, he had previously said on Twitter he was a ‘little surprised and disappointed’ that his final show was brought forward by the BBC. He addressed the saga on Friday, telling his listeners: ‘It’s entirely within the BBC’s right to ask me to step away a little early. ‘But for the sake of 17 days, which was all that was remaining (on my contract), it seems a shame.’ As the programme kicked off for the last time, Ken received messages of thanks from fans who left voice notes for the DJ wishing him well in the future and was also surrounded by cards in the studio. He also played PopMaster, the long-running quiz segment on his Radio 2 show where listeners answer music questions. Ken sked questions related to Carpenters, Boyzone, Bee Gees, Simply Red and Kaiser Chiefs with Paul, from Norwich, being the show’s last-ever player. Winding up the show, Ken thanked his listeners, the production team at Radio 2 and the BBC after his 30-year show came to an end. He described the BBC as ‘still the finest broadcasting corporation in the world’ aside from the ‘occasional vagary’ and also thanked members of the Ken Bruce Preservation Society who gave him a bottle of Irish cream liquor. The DJ then played a medley of Golden Slumbers, Carry That Weight and The End that closes the Abbey Road album by The Beatles as his career at the BBC came to an end. A Radio 2 spokesperson previously said about the departure: ‘Ken decided to leave Radio 2 and it’s always been known he’s leaving in March. ‘Returning to Wogan House for a week after a month of broadcasting the Piano Room sessions at Maida Vale provided a natural break. ‘We wish Ken all the best for the future.’ Ken will be moving to Bauer’s Greatest Hits Radio in April to present a new mid-morning show from 10am to 1pm. Last week, the BBC announced that TV presenter Vernon Kay will take over Ken‘s Radio 2 slot on a date yet to be announced. Gary Davies, host of the station’s Sounds Of The 80s, will present the mid-morning show from March 6 until Vernon takes over the helm, the corporation also said. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ken Bruce: Early exit from Radio 2 seems a shame after over four decades at BBC MORE : Ken Bruce had intended to fulfil contract with Radio 2 but the BBC ‘wanted him to leave earlier’ 