Kate Ferdinand has shared the gender of her and her husband Rio’s baby following a reveal party that didn’t quite go to plan. The pair shared their pregnancy joy earlier this year following a devastating miscarriage in July last year. The reality TV star, 31, shares two-year-old son Cree with footballer husband, Rio Ferdinand, 44, who Kate married in 2019. She’s also stepmother to Tate, 16, Lorenz, 14, and Tia, 11, who Rio shares with late wife Rebecca Ellison, who died in 2015. However, the former Towie star sat down with her footballer husband to chat about how they told their four children about the news, with Rio saying the reveal party was ‘bedlam’. Speaking on a special episode of her podcast Blended, Kate recalled how the couple planned to announce their unborn baby’s sex to their loved ones with cupcakes. The colour of the inside of the sweet treats was set to reveal the child’s gender, but all didn’t go to plan for the pair. ‘We all sat down, cameras ready to film it for memories, and then we all take a bite of the first six cupcakes and no one of them has the colour,’ Rio said. ‘So it’s pink or blue, for girl or boy, and we’re all shouting and because everyone is shouting so loud, Cree in the middle just starts hysterically crying,’ he adds. Kate shared the celebrations were cut short as it was past her first-born child Cree’s bedtime. Rio remembered how he calmed down his children before it was revealed the couple are expecting a baby girl later this year. Lorenz revealed the exciting news after taking a bite into the special cake. ‘Cree went to bite [the cupcakes] before we were all ready because he was so excited,’ Rio recealled. ‘Tate started yelling “no, no no” at him and frightened the life out of him so he started crying and Lorenz ends up getting the pink cupcakes.’ Rio also poked fun at his wife for ‘trying to take the spotlight’ when she ‘choked’ on a cupcake. ‘I was so excited it was a girl I hadn’t swallowed the bit of cake but then Cree started screaming, so I went over to see him and then the cake got stuck in my throat!’ She explained. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ulrika Jonsson relates to Andrew Buchan’s ‘affair’ with BBC co-star after her own Gladiator ‘fling’ MORE : Mel B urges Labour Party leader Sir Keir Starmer to tackle domestic abuse 