Our weather map reveals where in the UK heavy snow and blizzard conditions are predicted today. One of the worst affected areas, highlighted in orange, is a stretch from Stoke-on-Trent to Durham, with strong winds, ice and up to 40cm of snow expected. The Met Office yesterday issued an amber warning for this area set to start at 3pm today and last till 12pm tomorrow. An amber warning was also issued for parts of Wales and Shropshire, starting at 12pm today and ending at 9am tomorrow. Snow is expected to become persistent and, at times, heavy in this area during the  afternoon and onwards into early Friday. Up to 30cm of snow is predicted. The map – based on the Met Office’s latest forecast – also shows a lighter snowfall in Northern Ireland, parts of central and northern England and northern Scotland. These areas are highlighted in yellow. Travel delays, rail disruption and power cuts are all likely, the Met Office has warned. Rain showers, meanwhile, are set to appear on-and-off over southern England today. On Friday, early rain and snow across England and Wales is expected, clearing southwards and followed by sunshine in some places. Scotland and Northern Ireland could see more snow showers throughout the day. The weekend is set to be milder across much of the country. Many Brits woke up to snow this morning after the coldest night of the year so far. Spots in the West and East Midlands, Wales and Scotland had white coverings this morning. Altnaharra in the Scottish Highlands plummeted to -16°C last night, the lowest temperature in the UK in March since 2010 when -18.6°C was recorded at Braemar in Aberdeenshire. It comes after an Arctic blast blanketed the country with heavy snow early on Wednesday. It comes after The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) placed all regions of England under a level 3 cold weather alert. Experts have now extended the warning until 9am on Monday March 13. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.