A major incident has been declared in Swansea after a suspected gas explosion hospitalised three people and is feared to have killed another. The blast flattened one home and levelled most of the neighbouring house in Clydach Road, on the city’s outskirts, shortly after 11am on Monday. Residents around Clydach Road, on the city’s outskirts, reported hearing a ‘huge bang’ shortly after 11am on Monday. The blast was so forceful people living a mile away said it ‘shook the house’ and rattled windows, while an avalanche of tweets reported a ‘huge bang’ heard up to eight miles away. Fire crews from five different stations were scrambled to the scene and several people reported seeing an air ambulance in attendance. The blast also appears to have blown out several windows and burned exterior fixtures on at least two more surrounding buildings. Emergency servies warned people to ‘avoid the area’ as the incident was still ‘ongoing’ at midday on Monday. The sound was heard across a mile-wide radius, according to tweets from people claiming to live in the area. Emma Kavanagh wrote: ‘Felt like the last earthquake we had. I thought our chimney had come down!’ A spokesperson for Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service told Metro.co.uk: ‘At 11.20am on Monday, March 13th, crews from Morriston, Swansea West, Neath, Gorseinon and Port Talbot were called to an incident in Morriston following several reports of a gas explosion. ‘As well as Fire and Rescue Service Crews, South Wales Police and the Welsh Ambulance Service are in attendance. ‘South Wales Police have declared a major incident, no further information is available at this time.  For more information, please contact South Wales Police.’ Leader of Swansea Council Rob Stewart said: ‘A major incident has been declared after a suspected gas explosion in Morriston. Emergency teams are responding. ‘It is not known at this time if there are any injuries or fatalities or individuals trapped in the rubble. ‘My thoughts are with residents at this time.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.