Paul Mescal grinned from ear to ear as he was supported by his brother Donnacha and sister Nell at a Vanity Fair party. The Normal People actor, 27, is in Hollywood ahead of the Oscars 2023, for which he is up for the best actor gong for Aftersun. The Deceived star was clearly making the most of his time in LA, hitting a glitzy bash on Wednesday night with his sibling in tow. The trio posed up a storm at A Night for Young Hollywood event at swanky brasseries Mes Amis, rubbing shoulders with the toasts of the town. Paul looked typically dapper in an all-black suit, which he wore layered over a T-shirt, tied in at the wast with a silk sahs, Following her brother’s glamourous lead, Nell wore a pale blue chiffon rara dress, which she paired with red lipstick. Donnacha kept it cool in a red and black checked shirt, which we wore over black trousers and a T-shirt, much like Paul. Nell, 19, is following her brother’s footsteps into the spotlight as a musician, having signed a record deal after dropping out of school to pursue her songwriting dreams. The artist has previously opened up about her frustrations with people accusing her of riding on the coattails of her brother’s success. ‘It comes down to having a thick skin because it can be quite frustrating when people say, “oh, you’re only here because of your brother”. I was going to be doing it anyway,’ she shared. ‘It comes down to trusting what you’re doing. You have to do what you’re doing because you want to and you love it – and not let anyone else’s opinions really deter you,’ she wisely added to the Irish Examiner. According to LinkedIn, Donnacha works as a recruitment consultant for Metric Search in New York. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul Mescal reveals he’s been ‘working hard’ on muscles for Gladiator sequel MORE : Paul Mescal and Barry Keoghan’s celebrity photographer pal reveals how the Irish rising stars stole Hollywood’s heart 