On March 16, Venus moves into romantic and Venus-ruled Taurus, which is going to make for a really loving, cosy, intimate and made-for-two transit in your love life story. Start speaking your love language, expressing yourself (be that physically, imaginatively, creatively, passionately, poetically…) the way you want to. We all have a love personality. What’s yours? Let the tarot guide you as to the right love language and self-expression that will attract the ideal person/vibes/development this Venus in Taurus season. Are you ready? March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for Venus in Taurus: The Devil Meaning: Your love language is sexual and physical. The Devil reveals deep-rooted desires and appetites which drive your actions and behaviour beyond your conscious knowledge. You yearn for passion. You are motivated by physical attraction. Be honest, open, and self aware about this side of you. You need a partner who is equal in this realm, who matches your lusty energy and enjoys PDAs (and more). Talk about what you like. Find common ground. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for Venus in Taurus: Three of Wands Meaning: Your love language is spontaneous and exciting. You do not like routine when it comes to romance, such as scheduled date nights or regular lovemaking sessions on a certain day. You want to be surprised, taken unawares, caught off-guard by your other half. The Three of Wands reveals you know love is all about mood, all about right time and place. Anything is possible in love if you’re both in the right mood. You can’t beat forcing (or faking) it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for Venus in Taurus: Eight of Wands Meaning: Your love language is super chatty, it’s all about the words! Geminis are ruled by Mercury, the communicator of the zodiac, and the Eight of Wands is also the card of communication. You are seduced by cleverness, humour, intellect, good vocab and turns of phrase. A lover can talk you into bed. And you’re pretty good at creating role plays, running commentaries, and foreplay pep talks too! Use your words to express your imaginative desires, manifest your fantasies. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for Venus in Taurus: Four of Cups Meaning: Your love language is appreciative, adoring, admiring. The Four of Cups sees you noticing all of the little details and quirks about your partner and also wanting to share them, praise them, celebrate them. You can make people feel like a million bucks, just for being themselves. You elevate the mundane details. You also expect the same level of adoration in return, and things can turn sour if that isn’t the case. Let them know you need to hear your praises sung too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for Venus in Taurus: Three of Cups Meaning: Your love language is fun, spontaneous, OTT, and bold. You live in the moment, you want every day to be bombastic and energetic, you need action, you crave drama and excitement. The Three of Cups sees you amplifying everything in your relationship – the highs are higher, but the lows can be lower. You overplay stuff, create scenes, play a part, enjoy the to and fro. You need someone who is at home with that level of excess and thrill. If you can find someone, life is technicolour, like a movie (and you’re the star)! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for Venus in Taurus: The Wheel of Fortune Meaning: Your love language is adaptable to the person, the moment, and the need in hand. You are super perceptive, ruled by clever Mercury, and you know there’s no ‘one size fits all’ when it comes to getting on with others and building strong relationships. Stuff shifts about, and you need to go with the flow and adapt too. The Wheel of Fortune sees you riding the waves and always putting the right foot forwards. Sometimes this is tiring, but it’s your nature. You like everything smooth, organised, contained and just so. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for Venus in Taurus: Four of Swords Meaning: Your love language is super chill – let them come to you, bb. And they do… in droves. Librans are masters of seduction and flirtation, it’s as easy as breathing to them. The Four of Swords is a very restful and relaxing card, and people find your company just like that. You are easy to be around as you’re tactful, charming, smart without being sharp, and you like making people feel liked, admired and at home. Everyone loves being around you, Libra. Enjoy this talent of yours! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for Venus in Taurus: Two of Cups Meaning: Your love language is intense. It’s all about the two of you – no one else, no outside interference or distraction. When your heart is set on someone, you want to create a private kingdom for just the two of you, excluding the world and being alone in your realm. Intensity is natural to you. Sometimes it can freak others out. They’re just not the right kind for you, Scorpio. You need someone who is equally intense and interested in building this beautiful world for two. Settle for nothing less. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for Venus in Taurus: Justice Meaning: Your love language is warm, loving, and protective. You care deeply for those you love, not just as a partner but as a human being on this planet. You want their life to be fulfilling, rewarding, and rich – outside of your relationship as well as within in. You could be the ultimate cheerleader! Justice shows you can not only be a passionate Fire sign lover but a wise, shrewd counsellor and sounding board. Everything about life fascinates you and you’re interested in everything. Partners love to confide in you and get your take. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for Venus in Taurus: The World Meaning: Your love language is proud and positive. You are interested in building a power couple dynamic and you want your partner to be as ambitious and enthused about progress, reward, and building a beautiful life together as you are. The World is the card of ultimate achievement. You like to have the best of everything, including in love. You like to build, thrive, create, succeed. And your goals in love are equally high. You want someone who is confident and you can work with on creating a great lifestyle. Only the best! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for Venus in Taurus: The Hermit Meaning: Your love language is serious, secretive, coded, and unique. You are a bit of an eccentric, a one-off, and your relationship style is no different. People might take some time getting used to how you express your feelings (or lack of expression), but it’s all there if they crack the code and see the gestures and nuances. You aren’t one for PDAs or showy facades. Love is an incredibly private feeling for you. It takes time to share it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for Venus in Taurus: Ten of Cups Meaning: Your love language is expressive, romantic, loving and passionate. The Ten of Cups is the tarot’s love card, the happy-ever-after vibe, and reflects how at home you are being loving, mushy, melty, and soppy. You love it! And you make it work, you make it feel joyful and uplifting (no cringing). Pisceans make for one of the best partners in the zodiac – your other half should be very happy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The worst matched star signs in love – and how to overcome the cosmic obstacles MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care