Everything Everywhere All at Once was the star of the night at the 2023 Oscars scooping a hefty seven awards from its 11 nominations, including best film. It converted all of its nods in the major categories, picking up best director for the Daniels, best actress for Michelle Yeoh and best film. Awards season favourite Ke Huy Quan continued on his winning streak by netting best supporting actor. In a bit of a surprise, his co-star Jamie Lee Curtis also took home her first Oscar in the best supporting actress category. Everything Everywhere All at Once also won best original screenplay and best editing. Meanwhile, Brendan Fraser was awarded best actor for his comeback performance in Darren Aronofsky’s The Whale. The popular star choked up during his speech as he gave thanks for the opportunity of the role after several years away from the spotlight. He faced stiff competition in his category from Austin Butler for Elvis, Colin Farrell for The Banshees of Inisherin, Bill Nighy for Living and Paul Mescal for Aftersun. An emotional Curtis paid tribute to all the special people in her life, shouting ‘we just won an Oscar’ after collecting her gong for Everything Everywhere All At Once, while Quan received a standing ovation as he took to the stage and hailed ‘the American dream’ after claiming best supporting actor. ‘My mom is 84-years-old and she is at home watching. Ma I just won an Oscar!’ he gleefully exclaimed. He continued: ‘My journey started on a boat. I spent a year in a refugee camp and somehow I ended up here on Hollywood’s biggest stage. ‘They say stories like this only happen in the movies. I cannot believe this is happening to me – this is the American dream. ‘Thank you so much to the academy for the honour of a lifetime.’ Ultimately, it was Martin McDonagh’s The Banshees of Inisherin which was the biggest loser at this year’s Oscars, starting the night as the second-most nominated film, equal with All Quiet on the Western Front, before ultimately going home empty handed. In a departure from previous years, the Oscars swapped its usual red carpet for a champagne carpet, with stars including Bill Nighy and Cate Blanchett wearing a blue ribbon as part of an initiative from the United Nations refugee agency, the UNHCR. Although there was not nearly as much drama as last year, with it mostly falling to nominee Colin Farrell to call out Saturday Night’s Live insensitive Oscars sketch featuring him and Irish co-star Brendan Gleeson, and Elizabeth Banks literally almost falling, while host Jimmy Kimmel couldn’t resist a joke or three about 2022’s slapgate. He quipped in his opening monologue: ‘We want you to have fun, we want you to be safe and we want me to be safe. ‘If any person in this theatre commits an act of violence, you will be awarded best actor and be allowed to give a 19-minute speech,’ in reference to last year’s winner Will Smith taking to the stage to receive his gong after slapping comedian Chris Rock for a making a joke about his wife. ‘Seriously, the Academy has a crisis team in place. If anything unpredictable or violent happens during the ceremony, just do what you did last year – nothing. ‘Maybe even give the assailant a hug.’ During the ceremony, a pregnant Rihanna stunned with an emotional performance of Lift Me Up, the Oscar-nominated song from Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, while Lady Gaga also sang her nominated song, Hold My Hand. Ultimately, both pop stars lost out to the undeniable Naatu Naatu from blockbuster Telugu film RRR, which put on quite a display with its dancers during the ceremony. The UK enjoyed modest success at this year’s Oscars, winning a total of four awards during the night. James Friend picked up the cinematography award for his work on the epic First World War film All Quiet On The Western Front, which also enjoyed a successful night with wins for best international film, best original score and best production design. An Irish Goodbye, shot entirely on location in Northern Ireland, took the award for best short film, having also won the category at this year’s Baftas. Best animated short film went to The Boy, The Mole, The Fox & The Horse: a UK-US co-production, which had its premiere on BBC One on December 24 2022, and is based on Charlie Mackesy’s novel of the same name. Finally, the award for best sound went to the team who worked on the blockbuster sequel Top Gun: Maverick, which included British talent Chris Burdon and Mark Taylor. The UK’s tally of four Oscars is the lowest since 2017, when the country came away with just a single award. Last year the UK won six. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Oscar-winner Jamie Lee Curtis weighs in on ‘complicated’ question of gender-neutral awards categories ‘as mother of transgender daughter’ MORE : Disney finally drops trailer for The Little Mermaid during Oscars 2023 and fans freak out  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 