The Royal Family may currently be in a rift, but new photos from the set of the upcoming season of The Crown shows everyone together to mark a momentous occasion. Since premiering back in 2016, the Netflix drama has told the story of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth II, with the sixth and final season set to recreate historical moments like the death of Princess Diana. Now the cast has been seen out and about in London filming scenes set during the late Queen’s Thanksgiving service for her 50th wedding anniversary in 1997. Notable cast members including Imelda Staunton (Queen Elizabeth), Jonathan Pryce (King Charles), Dominic West (Prince Charles) and Lesley Manville (Princess Margaret) can be seen, as well as the two actors taking over the roles of Prince’s William and Harry. While Ed McVey will play William during his time studying at St Andrews University, it is not yet clear who the actor playing Harry is. Although photographed alongside Jonathan and Ed in the family line-up on set, the actor playing the Duke of Sussex has not been announced. In other photos from set, the Duke of Edinburgh is shown waving towards the cameras as the Queen, who is wearing a striking blue outfit, looks on smiling. The filming of the family event took place in Greenwich, with other cast members also in attendance including Claudia Harrison, who plays Princess Anne, and Marcia Warren, who plays the Queen Mother. The event on November 20 1997 marked the first time the Royal Family had appeared at the Westminster Abbey in London since the funeral of Princess Diana two months earlier. As part of their Golden Wedding anniversary celebrations, the Queen and Prince Philip attended a lunch at Banqueting House in London, in which she gave a speech where she reflected on a ‘remarkable fifty years’. Part of that speech was shared in a tribute to Prince Phillip the day after he died. In 2021 the official Royal Family Twitter account posted a picture of the couple with the quote: ‘He has, quite simply, been my strength and stay all these years, and I, and his whole family, and this and many other countries, owe him a debt greater than he would ever claim, or we shall ever know.’ The final season of The Crown is set to be released later this year and will also see Elizabeth Debicki play Diana in the final months of her life. There’s been plenty of criticism levelled at the series recently though, with the decision to film scenes in the final moments of Diana’s life being labelled insensitive. Metro.co.uk has contacted Netflix for comment. The Crown is streaming on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Yep, Prince Harry actually watches and ‘fact checks’ The Crown MORE : Claire Foy didn’t want The Crown cameos to be ‘overshadowed’ by ‘upsetting’ pay gap drama 