If your silver lining at the end of Lent is a delicious hot cross bun, you may want to avoid Greggs for your Good Friday treat. The bakery chain has axed the Easter confection from its menu, meaning you’ll have to go elsewhere for your fix this time round. Although a range of alternative seasonal products have been promised, it’ll be scant consolation for fans of the classic. Speaking about the move, a Greggs spokesperson said: ‘While Hot Cross Buns won’t be returning to our menu this Easter, keep an eye out for other Easter favourites that will be arriving in our shops soon.’ The specific products launching haven’t yet been revealed, but previous Easter ranges have included springtime-perfect cornflake nests and bunny biscuits. It marks the second bunless year at Greggs, where you could previously purchase a pack of four for just £1. And customers are pretty cross about the decision not to bring them back. ‘I’m disappointed to report there will be no return of hot cross buns at Greggs for the foreseeable future,’ tweeted one person, while another added: ‘No Hot Cross Buns? No Greggs. Simples.’ A third user commented: ‘My local Greggs tells me that @GreggsOfficial are not producing Hot Cross Buns this year. ‘Since they are/were the best HCBs to say I am shocked is an understatement. What ARE they thinking? I thought it was odd that they weren’t available some weeks ago.’ The moved was branded a ‘disaster’ and some speculated over the reasoning behind Greggs’ decision. As the cross on the top is supposed to represent the crucifixion of Jesus, some felt it was a rejection of religious associations. Greggs hasn’t given any indication that this is the case, but Metro.co.uk has reached out for clarification and will update this story when we receive comment. It’s not the only Easter favourite that’s off shelves either. Cadbury recently announced that Dairy Milk Egg ‘n’ Spoons have been discontinued after a 10-year run. A similar outpouring of grief came from fans who claimed to be ‘devastated’ and ‘fuming’ at the news. At least you can still nab hot cross buns in supermarkets and other food outlets. Getting one to go with your Greggs vegan sausage roll, however, is off the agenda. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Bride surprises groom with Greggs-themed wedding cake to celebrate their big day MORE : Sainsbury’s rolls out new £2 fruit and vegetable boxes to help with food waste