Yes, there was some hope that the so-called ‘winter of discontent’ of the past few months would have come to an end by now. February saw an upwards of half a million people across public and private sectors taking to the picket line. Union leaders have been invited to pause the ongoing disruption, get round the table and talk about pay, conditions and reforms. But the government has inevitably failed to settle the debate, and avoid strikes in some critical sectors like health and transport. What is more, March has arrived with no sign that either ministers or workers will cave to the other side’s demands. Metro.co.uk has the latest on how the strikes will affect you today – hint, if you are planning to take your driving test, it may be cancelled. Staff at the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) are striking across Universal Credit centres. The Public and Commercial Services (PCS) Union says the action is a ‘response to the lack of movement from the Government on their demands on pay, pensions and job security’. Job security and redundancy terms are two of the biggest reasons for the strike, with the union pointing to government plans to close more than 40 offices. DVLA members are also taking part in today’s strikes. It is part of national industrial action by the PCS Union over pay, pensions, jobs and redundancy terms. PCS union members working for HM Land Registry started five days of strike action on Monday. More than 350 Land Registry workers in Birkenhead, Coventry, Croydon, Durham, Fylde, Gloucester, Hull, Leicester, Nottingham, Peterborough, Plymouth, Swansea, Telford, and Weymouth will be walking out. General secretary Mark Serwotka said: ‘As long as the government shows no sign of resolving this dispute, we’ll show no signs to stopping strike action. ‘Ministers seem able to find money for just about everything other than giving their own employees a decent pay rise. PCS members have had enough of being taken for granted.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.