Pete Davidson and his girlfriend Chase Sui Wonders were reportedly involved in a car crash in Beverly Hills, California on Saturday night. The 29-year-old comedian is said to have been driving his Mercedes through a quiet neighbourhood when he lost control of the vehicle. It was alleged the car then slammed into a fire hydrant and skidded across the lawn of a nearby house – causing some minor damage. According to TMZ.com no one was hurt in the accident and police officers attended the scene but no citations were given. An investigation into what happened is said to be underway currently. Lt. Christopher Coulter of the Beverly Hills police confirmed to People that officers attended the scene of an accident in Beverly Hills which occurred around 11pm on Saturday night and that a car had run into a fire hydrant. Representatives for both stars have yet to comment on the reports. The accident occurred shortly after the pair had landed back in Los Angeles following a holiday in Hawaii. Despite the incident, Pete didn’t let it ruin his weekend plans as he was still able to attend the Nickelodeon Kids’ Choice Awards on Sunday night. During the star-studded event, he presented the lifetime achievement award to the Transformers character Optimus Prime. Pete has been rumoured to have been dating his Bodies Bodies Bodies co-star Chase Sui for the last few weeks. The Saturday Night Live star was supposedly friends with the 26-year-old for some time but it seemed they had only recently started dating. A source told New York Post column Page Six: ‘They’re getting serious. ‘They’ve been friends a long time and this romance grew out of friendship.’ He has previously been romantically linked to pop star Ariana Grande, Hollywood actress Kate Beckinsale and famously had a nine-month relationship with Kim Kardashian after she split from her husband Kanye West. Jack of all trades Chase has been branching out from acting and modelled for MiuMiu and Chanel. The Detroit native can be seen next in City on Fire where she stars as a crime victim in the thriller that tells the story of a series of fires in 2003 New York City. Metro.co.uk contacted Pete and Chase’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson debuts drastic new look as he rocks up to basketball game with shaved head amid Chase Sui Wonders romance MORE : Pete Davidson and Chase Sui Wonders look smitten in Maui after romantic getaway  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 