This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. It’s the day beauty fans have been waiting for: Sephora is finally back to the UK, opening a bricks and mortar store tomorrow on March 8. That’s right, you’ll no longer have to be envious of the American TikTokers wandering around Sephora and popping the latest goodies into their baskets. After all, shopping via the Sephora store online just isn’t the same. You can’t swatch things or test out different colours or formulas. Earlier this year, Sephora revealed the store would be at Westfield White City London and we’ve finally got some more juicy details about it. So, what exactly can you expect in its opening week? Just when you think it couldn’t get any better, it turns out the store is a whopping 6,000 plus sqft, cramming as many beauty products as possible onto its countless shelves. The store will carry over 135 brands including of course Sephora’s own collection. Makeup by Mario, GXVE by Gwen Stefani, ONE/SIZE by Partick Star and Vegamour will all be stocked too! The first 300 customers will be able to take home a limited-edition gift bag, so if you weren’t already planning on getting there early, we’d advise that you do. There will be brands you can get your hands on that aren’t available in-store anywhere else in the UK including Tarte, Supergoop! and Glow Recipe. To say we’re bursting with excitement is an understatement! This isn’t the first time Sephora has had UK stores. The brand used to have shops over here before withdrawing from the UK market 17 years ago. But the company is back with a bang and its stores even include a first of its kind lip bar and a Benefit Brow Bar. There’s even a fragrance engraving service too, making it the perfect place to pick up a gift. Like you, there are countless products we can’t wait to get our hands on, but if making it down to the store this week isn’t something you’ve got time for then we’ve got some top picks of products for you to order. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The ‘bold glamour’ filter has been dubbed the ‘most realistic’ yet, but what’s it doing to our brains? MORE : We tried Merit beauty, the cult American brand that’s just landed in the UK – here’s what we honestly think MORE : From Sunny Delight to embracing boredom, I tried parenting like it’s the 90s