Former Chelsea and Manchester City defender Wayne Bridge says even Arsenal fans ‘know’ the Gunners will fall short in the Premier League title race. Mikel Arteta’s side have enjoyed a sensational run this season to move five points clear of defending champions Man City with 13 games remaining. Arsenal, who host Bournemouth on Saturday, have won 19 of their 25 league games as they attempt to win the Premier League for the first time since 2004. Despite Arsenal’s brilliant form, ex-England star Bridge believes it is only a matter of time before the Gunners ‘slip up’ in the title race and says even their own fans must be waiting for a collapse. ‘I think Manchester City will do it and get the title,’ the 42-year-old told JOE’s YouTube channel. ‘Everyone is waiting for Arsenal to slip up – I think even their fans know they’re going to slip up at some point. ‘For me, that’s what will happen and I can just see Man City pouncing.’ Arsenal, who have won three games in a row following a slight wobble, will be confident of beating a Bournemouth side sitting second from bottom in the Premier League. Bridge ‘hopes’ the Gunners drop points against the relegation-battlers and says Arsenal may feel the pressure if Manchester City beat Newcastle United in Saturday’s early kick-off. The Premier League and FA Cup winner added: ‘Arsenal have been great but I really want them to slip up! ‘It depends a lot on the Man City game for me. If City beat Newcastle then there is pressure on Arsenal and Bournemouth are fighting right now. ‘I can see one of them slipping up. Obviously if Man City drop points it’s a massive opportunity for Arsenal.’ Thomas Partey could start his first game for three weeks when Arsenal host Bournemouth, having come on as a second-half substitute in the 4-0 win over Everton in midweek. Midfielder Lewis Cook may return for Bournemouth, who have only won five of their 24 league games this season following promotion from the Championship. Revealing his prediction for the north London clash, former Premier League striker Chris Sutton told BBC Sport: ‘Arsenal have been brilliant since they lost to Manchester City, winning three out of three. ‘They are relentless and, the way the Gunners are playing, you have to fancy them strongly to win this one too. ‘Bournemouth always show plenty of fight and I don’t think this will be a walkover, but Arsenal are in form and look full of confidence. ‘Mikel Arteta’s side will slip up again before the end of the season, there’s no doubt about that… but not on Saturday. I fancy a 3-0 home win.’ MORE : Why Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta didn’t speak to William Saliba for one week MORE : Arsenal hero Martin Keown fires warning to Man Utd ahead of Liverpool clash For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 