Reality TV star Alana Thompson, better known as Honey Boo Boo, has been involved in a car chase with her boyfriend, according to reports. The reality TV star, 17, was in the passenger seat the time and is only a witness, while Dralin Carswell, 21, was driving. Carswell was arrested on Tuesday (February 28) for DUI (driving under the influence), fleeing police, and outstanding warrants after a three-mile car chase in Monroe County, Georgia, as first reported by local outlet The Reporter. Monroe County Sheriff’s Office Lt. John Thompson later confirmed the news to People after the alleged incident at 4:30pm ran the tag of a Dodge Charger in front of a gas station on Highway 24. The publication adds that the police system confirmed that Carswell was the owner of the vehicle and had a warrant under his name, and made an attempt to stop the car. However, the car is believed to have sped up north. Cops eventually had to use a PIT (precision immobilisation technique) manoeuvre, causing the car to spin before it was disabled near Hickman Road. As well as charges mentioned above, it’s believed Carswell was also charged with failing to maintain lanes and following too closely. He also received a speeding ticket. The Reporter also states that there was another passenger in the car at the time, 24-year-old Julian Malik Divon Williams, who was also arrested on outstanding warrants. It’s thought that Thompson’s sister Lauryn ‘Pumpkin’ Shannon picked her younger sibling up at Monroe County Jail. Shannon has had sole custody off her sister since Mama June Shannon lost custody in June 2022. As a result, documents shared by The Sun US and Page Six said the mother was allowed to contact her then-16-year-old via telephone every day, but visitation rights will be determined by Shannon, then 22. Mama June must also pay $800 (£669) each month in child support until Thompson turns 18. As for her relationship with her boyfriend, Toddlers & Tiaras star Thompson has mostly kept a lid on their romance, but has shared the odd social media post. However, the TV icon did previously admit to Teen Vogue that Carswell might be her ‘only friend’. ‘To be honest, I do not have many friends. At all,’ she said. ‘Because I feel like folks are so much like, “Oh, my God, I’m friends with Honey Boo Boo”.’ Reps for Honey Boo Boo have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rickey Smiley believes son Brandon, 32, died from drug overdose after failed attempts to send him to rehab MORE : Stop and look at these delightfully kooky pictures of Jennifer Coolidge’s inspired photoshoot with Oscar-nominated directors the Daniels  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 