The highly anticipated trailer for Disney’s upcoming Peter Pan & Wendy has been released debuting Jude Law in the role of Captain Hook. The live-action adaptation of the beloved 1953 film will follow Peter Pan, the boy who never ages, as he journeys to Neverland with his new friend Wendy to show her the endless fun it has to offer. It will see Alexander Molony in the role of Peter, as well as Ever Anderson – the child of actress Milla Jovovich and director Paul WS Anderson – as Wendy. It will be released on Disney Plus on April 28 to coincide with Disney’s 100-year anniversary celebrations. And the latest trailer for the film gives fans their first exciting look at the film and its iconic characters in the flesh. The trailer begins with Wendy looking at her hands while standing on the beach of Neverland as Captain Hook’s menacing voice can be heard overhead asking how she came to arrive in the magical place. She goes on to search for Peter before running into The Lost Boys – and is shocked to see they’re not all boys. The trailer then flashes back to Wendy with her brothers John and Michael – played by Joshua Pickering and Jacobi Jupe – as they are wowed by Peter’s magic when they first meet. We also see the first shot of Tinkerbell played by Yara Shahidi, the first Black woman to take on the role. The trio accompanies Peter to the magical world of Neverland, though their light-hearted fun is soon halted by the kingdom’s pesky pirates. Law is then seen in the iconic red coat of Captain Hook, complete with his long, unkempt hair and sword. ‘Wendy Moira Angela Darling, where is Peter Pan?’ he asks of the hero before various action scenes round off the epic trailer. The cast also includes Jim Gaffigan, Noah Matthews Matofsky, Sebastian Billingsley-Rodriguez, Alyssa Wapanatâhk, Felix de Sousa, Molly Parker, Alan Tudyk, Diana Tsoy, Caelan Edie and Florence Bensberg. The film will be directed by David Lowery with executive producers Adam Borba and Thomas M. Hammel with a script written by Lowery and Toby Halbrooks. It follows in the footsteps of other successful live-action adaptations from the House of Mouse such as The Jungle Book and Dumbo. Peter Pan & Wendy will be released on Disney Plus on Friday, April 28. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rebel Wilson reveals details of proposal to Ramona Agruma and explains nod to Disney CEO Bob Iger in engagement announcement MORE : Burny Mattinson, director, animator and Disney’s longest-serving employee, dies aged 87 