Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? has reportedly been axed, following Jeremy Clarkson’s vile comments about Meghan Markle. The column, in which the broadcaster said he dreamed of Markle being paraded through British towns and publicly shamed, became Ipso’s most complained-about article after its publication, receiving more than 25,100 complaints. Clarkson later apologised for the piece, describing his language as ‘disgraceful’ and said he was ‘profoundly sorry’. The Sun also apologised and said it regretted the publication of the column, which was removed online. It had previously been said that Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? would continue, with head of ITV Carlyn McCall, stressing last month that Clarkson’s views were ‘in no way endorsed’ by the broadcaster, while the network’s boss Kevin Lygo added: ‘I would say what he writes in a newspaper column… We have no control over what he says.’ However, Clarkson’s time on the show has now come to an end. McCall confirmed to Variety that the upcoming season of the game show will be Clarkson’s last as host. ‘We have a contract. We’re contracted to this [season], so we will do that,’ she said. ‘And then we have no future commitments. And we haven’t made any statements about that.’ In Clarkson’s original article, he said that he hated the Duchess of Sussex on a ‘cellular level’. ‘At night, I’m unable to sleep as I lie there, grinding my teeth and dreaming of the day when she is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant, “Shame!” and throw lumps of excrement at her,’ he wrote at the time. Following widespread backlash, the 62-year-old said that he emailed Markle and Prince Harry to apologise on Christmas Day. ‘I really am sorry. All the way from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head. This is me putting my hands up. Its a mea culpa with bells on,’ he said in his lengthy statement. He also added: ‘I was mortified and so was everyone else. My phone went mad. Very close friends were furious. Even my own daughter took to Instagram to denounce me.’ In response, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess said: ‘On December 25, 2022, Mr Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex. The contents of this correspondence were marked Private and Confidential.’ They continued: ‘While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories, and misogyny.’ More to come… Metro.co.uk has approached ITV for comment. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Sign directing travellers to Jeremy Clarkson’s Diddly Squat Farm Shop vandalised with NSFW addition MORE : Jeremy Clarkson blasted by Oxfordshire villagers and forced to apologise after calling them ‘morons’ 