A disabled man says he’s been forced to shower at a leisure centre due to ‘pathetic’ water pressure in his home. Jason King, 50, also says he sleeps in a ‘damp, mouldy’ bedroom in Newton, Chester. He claims he has tried in vain to move homes and has been left with ‘green mould’ which has ‘eaten chunks’ of his furniture. The 50-year-old is unable to work due to a serious back injury and has been living in a property owned by social housing provider Sanctuary for just over two years. Jason previously worked as a mobile mechanic for Asda. He told Cheshire Live: ‘I have mould and damp in my bedroom so I reported it and made a formal complaint. But now Sanctuary have said it’s my fault for not opening my windows and keeping the heating on. ‘The wellbeing team at my GP instructed the council to inspect. ‘The council inspector dismissed the green mould on my furniture, quilt and carpets. He also dismissed the huge white patch of mould on the internal fixed floor mat and again said it was my fault. ‘So I’m now back in the damp mouldy room – my family had moved my bed into the living room. I’m struggling to wash and since moving back in my bedroom, struggling to breathe again. ‘My wardrobe and drawers have collapsed from the mould. I’ve lost my quilt as well. Where do I go from here?’ Cheshire West and Chester Council said it found no evidence of damp when it inspected the property in January, adding that ‘mould is being caused by condensation’. Jason also claims he has to shower at the Northgate Arena leisure centre due to poor water pressure at his home. He has a specially-adapted disabled wet room at the home. He added: ‘I have to use pans of water. It’s the only way to get the soap off me. It’s degrading.’ A Cheshire West and Chester Council spokesperson said: ‘The council is concerned to hear about the situation and treats any concerns of damp and mould in homes very seriously. ‘The council conducted an inspection on Mr King’s home in January, and found no evidence of damp, and that mould is being caused by condensation. ‘The council offered advice and information on how to help prevent mould and condensation, government support for assistance with the cost of living, and Citizens Advice Bureau support for legal advice regarding any possessions damaged by mould. ‘We have contacted Sanctuary Housing, who have advised us that Mr King’s concerns are being dealt with through their complaints process and that they are arranging dates to carry out work to replace Mr King’s shower and additional work in his bathroom. ‘We will continue to monitor the situation to ensure that improvements to Mr King’s home are made.’ A spokesperson for Sanctuary said: ‘We take all reports of mould and damp extremely seriously and to support Mr King, earlier this year work was completed to improve ventilation in his home. ‘While no damp was identified in this property following an inspection by the local authority in late January, we will continue to offer Mr King advice and assistance regarding his concerns. ‘We can also confirm that following receipt of an occupational therapist’s report, plans are being made to install an alternative shower and carry out additional work in Mr King’s bathroom.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.