The Six Reds World Championship has reached the semi-final stage in Thailand, with a huge opportunity on Friday for the remaining four players. Thai star Thepchaiya Un-Nooh takes on Iran’s Hossein Vafaei, while Tom Ford meets Chinese hero Ding Junhui in the final four after an eventful day on Thursday. A busy day saw Ronnie O’Sullivan, Judd Trump, John Higgins and Mark Williams all crash out of the event in Pathum Thani, leaving four men left fighting for the significant top prize. The winner will pick up 4.2m Thai Baht for their efforts, which works out at just over £100,000. One of the biggest prizes of the season and what would represent the biggest cheque of Un-Nooh’s, Vafaei’s or Ford’s careers so far. The semi-finalists have already guaranteed £18,000, while the runner-up will win just over £31,000. Thepchaiya will have the crowd on his side as he looks to win the event for a second time after lifting the trophy in 2015. F1 beat compatriot Dechawat Poomjaeng first on Thursday before downing Zhang Anda to set-up a clash with Vafaei in the semis. The Prince of Persia beat another Thai star, Noppon Saengkham, before edging out Trump 6-5 in the quarter-finals after the Englishman spurned a golden chance to win. Ding disappointed O’Sullivan’s army of fans by downing the Rocket 6-2 before beating Stuart Bingham by the same scoreline to reach the last four. Ford waits for him there after he beat Shoot Out champion Chris Wakelin and then survived a nervy one with John Higgins after the Scot rallied from 0-5 down to force a decider, which Ford won to progress with a 6-5 victory. The semi-finals are played at 8am and 11.30am UK time on Friday, with the final at 8am on Saturday 11 March. MORE : Refocussed Ash Carty is back on the World Snooker Tour after traumatic time set him back MORE : Colin Murray on Ronnie O’Sullivan: Some of my happiest memories and hardest days For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 