Bruce Willis’ wife Emma Heming Willis has asked paparazzi to be more thoughtful when approaching her husband in the street. The Die Hard actor, 67, announced he had aphasia last year, but in a statement issued in February, his family confirmed he’d since been diagnosed withfrontotemporal dementia. Speaking over the weekend, Emma, 44, asked photographers to give her husband space. The former model said in an Instagram video shared on Sunday: ‘I know this is your job, but maybe just keep your space.’ Emma added: ‘Please don’t be yelling at my husband, asking him how he’s doing, or whatever. ‘The woo-hooing and the yippee-ki-yays — just don’t do it. Give him the space. ‘Allow for our family or whoever’s with him that day to be able to get him from Point A to Point B safely. That’s my PSA.’ The doting mum also said: ‘It’s clear that there’s still a lot of education that needs to be put forth.’ ‘So this one is going out to the photographers and the video people that are trying to get those exclusives of my husband out and about. Just keep your space.’ It comes after Emma revealed that she’s drafted in a specialist to help out with her husband’s degenerative condition. Alongside a photo of her with specialist Teepa Snow, Emma, who married the Pulp Fiction legend in 2009, wrote: ‘I’m grateful I had the opportunity to work with [Teepa Snow] who has helped me add to my dementia care toolbox. ‘She’s a loving, compassionate and skilled leader in this space who navigates herself with pure empathy. She’s a gift.’ Bruce will soon welcome his first grandchild, the first child of his 34-year-old daughter Rumer Willis, whom he shares with ex-wife Demi Moore. Rumer is the eldest of Bruce’s five daughters: Scout LaRue Willis, 31; Tallulah Willis, 29; Mabel Ray Willis, 10; and Evelyn Penn Willis, 8. The legendary actor shares his eldest three daughters with Charlie’s Angels star Demi, 60, while his youngest two he welcomed with Emma. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Roman Kemp forced to apologise after Zachary Levi says p****d live on The One Show: ‘Certain words mean different things’ MORE : Emmerdale spoilers: Cain Dingle drops a bombshell on Moira after killer Kyle strikes  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 