It’s the latest reality prog to hit the States, a mature dating show boasting a twist so Freudian, we can’t help but wonder if we’re going to need psychoanalysing after watching it. Milf Manor (Milf is an acronym for Mum I’d Like To… well, you know) features eight women aged 40 to 60 looking to meet The One after flying to a luxury villa in Mexico. They’re all in incredible nick, wearing bikinis skimpy enough to make an Islander blush. However, their dream getaway turns nightmarish when it’s revealed that the eligible bachelors they’ll each get to choose from are none other than each others’ 20-something sons. They’ll be going on dates, swapping secrets… and sharing bedrooms. Milf Manor sees each contestant expected to complete a series of (toe-curling) tasks in order to win prizes. Episode one sees each mother blindfolded while they take turns fondling each prospective suitor’s bare chest to figure out which one belongs to their son. Episode two, meanwhile, sees mother and son swapping sex secrets, with one parent revealing she slept with her son’s best friend. Cue fireworks. The show’s high (low?) point comes in the form of its sex education challenge, where the mums are tasked with teaching their sons about the joys of female pleasure. Detailed diagrams, dildos and fruit are all on offer for demonstration purposes. We dare you to watch Ryan perform a sex act on an orange in front of his mum and not want to run from the room in horror. Critics have unsurprisingly panned Milf Manor, with one reviewer describing it as the ‘rock bottom’ of reality TV. While all five episodes are available on Discovery+ in the US, a UK release date is (mercifully) yet to be announced. However, if you’re desperate for a teaser, the first episode is available on YouTube. MORE : Bill Hader’s award-winning dark comedy TV series Barry to end after season 4 MORE : Greg James to host brand new reality TV show made by creators behind The Traitors – and we know we’ll be hooked Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 