Heavy snowfall and strong winds brought highways to a standstill overnight, with ‘hundreds and hundreds’ of motorists stuck in their cars in freezing conditions. Storm Larisa is set to batter parts of the UK with gales and blizzards again today as this week’s cold snap continues. The Met Office has issued three amber warnings for northern England, the Midlands, North Wales and Northern Ireland, where ‘significant disruption’ to transport and power supplies is expected. Four yellow warnings for snow also cover much of the rest of the nation, with the exception of South East England and western Scotland. Met Office meteorologist Alex Burkill said the worst of the weather is expected in north-west Wales and northern England, where ‘gusts of easily 50mph’ are on a collision course with ‘30 to 40cm of snow’. Mr Burkill said: ‘The combination of heavy snow and gales is why we’re likely to see blizzards and drifting snow which causes extra hazards on the roads. ‘In places covered by amber warnings, there will be very difficult, treacherous conditions. ‘Ideally, avoid travelling in those periods – but if you have to head out then be aware that journeys could take significantly longer.’ Traffic was brought to a standstill on the M62 in the early hours of Friday morning due to the heavy snow in the area. National Highways: North-West said that at one point congestion on the M62 eastbound between Rochdale and Saddleworth stretched to around eight miles. Kelly-Marie Prentice was stuck on the motorway for six hours and told Sky News there were ‘hundreds and hundreds and hundreds’ of other vehicles. ‘It’s being hampered by the fact that people have been driving in closed lanes and the hard shoulder, which has stopped the recovery vehicles and snow ploughs from getting through to get everything clear,’ she added. ‘We’re trying to keep ourselves as buoyant as possible and not think about needing to go to the toilet or having a drink. ‘We’re just trying to stay positive and hope everyone stays safe, really.’ Ms Prentice said they have managed to keep the heaters blowing warm air and took coats and blankets with them, ‘so we were well-prepared’. Simon Peach, the PA news agency’s chief football writer, has been stuck on the road for more than seven hours after covering Manchester United’s Europa League match at Old Trafford on Thursday night. He said: ‘I’ve moved about 25 miles over the course of the night, and the first 15 miles or so were clear, so I’ve been at a standstill for a really long time. ‘Since I arrived I’ve seen maybe two or three police vehicles and a couple of travel vehicles. A road sweeper came along once or twice but they haven’t been able to clear the roads properly. ‘I’ve never had to drive through anything like this before. My drive home would usually be about an hour and a half, the most it has ever taken me is two and a half hours. I could have flown to New York in that time.’ Emma Hamilton, 28, who works for the NHS and is from Yorkshire, said she had been stuck for eight hours travelling from Manchester. She said: ‘There’s lorries broken down all over the road across all lanes. Drivers are having to work out themselves how to go round them. Sort of bobbing and weaving round them. ‘Some lorries have stopped to help other lorries too… I’m trying to get home from the Man United game last night. The traffic was fine on the way there yesterday as there wasn’t as many cars on the road and I set off in good time to allow for the weather. ‘I’m just tired and upset at the lack of any direction from authorities. We’ve all sort of been left to it to direct ourselves. We had the gritter pass us once about 3am and they ploughed about three times then too but nothing since. ‘They’ve been up and down westbound a lot though and that side has been moving fine. It honestly feels never-ending at this point.’ Several roads were closed in Wales, with warnings of ‘extremely difficult driving conditions’ across northern and central areas. National Highways issued a ‘severe weather alert’ for snow covering the North East, North West and Midlands regions until 8am on Friday, where motorists have been warned not to drive unless their journey is essential. East Midlands Airport temporarily closed its runway due to heavy snowfall. Merseyrail, which runs train services in Merseyside and surrounding areas, said its operations would not start until around 10am on Friday due to severe weather. The operator said: ‘Poor weather conditions means Merseyrail service is currently suspended until approximately 10am. ‘Merseyrail have been unable to source any replacement buses due to the severe weather.’ Network Rail said multiple fallen trees have blocked lines between Manchester and Sheffield, meaning no trains can run. Train operators TransPennine Express and Northern are among those affected by the severe weather, with many services cancelled. Thursday night temperatures will be similar to Wednesday, which was the coldest night of the year, before even colder conditions move in on Friday night. Mr Burkill said that areas of the Highlands could see minus 17C, after this year’s record low of minus 16C was recorded at Altnaharra in the region. The weather is expected to clear by the end of Friday, before then being replaced by another low pressure system, leading to a further yellow snow and ice warning for much of northern England and Scotland from 3pm on Saturday to 6am on Sunday. ‘We will then see another low pressure system, further fronts, moving their way in,’ Met Office meteorologist Jonathan Vautrey said. ‘So there has been another yellow snow and ice warning issued for Scotland down into northern England for Saturday afternoon into Sunday morning where we could again see further snowfall building up throughout the weekend. ‘And then it does look to remain unsettled as we move into the start of the new week as well.’ The Met Office amber snow alert for England lasts until noon on Friday and covers major cities including Liverpool, Sheffield, Bradford and Leeds. Over Wales, an amber snow and ice warning is in place from noon until 9am on Friday, stretching from the north coast to Radnorshire. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.