This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Ever since the first episodes of Daisy Jones & The Six were released last week, we haven’t stopped thinking about the clothing. Sure, the storylines, music and the tension all make for a wonderful watch, but it’s the fashion that’s sending our brains into overdrive and setting our sartorial hearts on fire. Simply put, the costume design and styling are impeccable. Sexy and cool, it perfectly encapsulates the 1970s period, but leaves viewers wanting to recreate the looks in present day too. Florals, fringe, and suede are everywhere to be seen in the show. Kimonos, wide leg jeans and denim shorts also feature heavily, and it has us yearning for warm summer days so that we can mimic the look. When it comes to imitating a style period, it is very easy to accidentally veer into fancy dress. This means choices must be smart. Look for pieces that maintain a modern edge, like & Other Stories’ floral square neck midi dress or Topshop’s easy to wear ‘Chuck On’ frock. To ease yourself in, and ensure that you always remain true to your personal style, we advise to begin with one piece. Choose an accessory like H&M’s pink square sunglasses or Mango’s cowboy boots. As you progress, you can eventually introduce staple pieces such as a flared pair of jeans or an embroidered cropped jacket. And if you’re feeling brave, you could even get a ’70s-inspired haircut. Then very soon, you will give Daisy Jones a run for her money in the 1970s fashion stakes. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I tried the cool girl 70s haircut inspired by Daisy Jones and the Six MORE : A Mary Jane shoe revival is underway – here’s how to wear them MORE : Torn between gold or silver? Here’s how to find out which colour jewellery suits your skin tone