Una Healy appeared to address recent rumours she was in a ‘throuple’ after she uploaded a cryptic message to Instagram on Wednesday. The former popstar, 41, was believed to have been romantically entangled with couple David Haye, 42, and Sian Osborne, 30. Showcasing her chiselled figure and toned stomach, the Saturdays singer turned heads with her latest home workout mirror selfie. Una donned a black crop top and matching black joggers for the picture and held a dumbbell in her hand as she posed up a storm. The star also sported a pair of large silver headphones and weights gloves in the image that appeared to have been taken in her living room. Alongside the post, the musician penned a cryptic caption that read: ‘Believe in yourself x [sic].’ Friends and followers supported the star in her comment section and left a flurry of kind messages as well as flame and red heart emoji. One wrote: ‘Always, and add never ever give up to that!! [sic].’ Another typed: ‘Yes believe in yourself , u had fun , u had an experience , u can still have more , you are a young woman , you didn’t cheat , you are a fantastic mother, singer TV presenter and beautiful, and we all love you [sic].’ ‘Absolutely and your amazing xxx [sic],’ was a fan’s message to the singer. Her upload came after Una deleted all traces of the boxer and his girlfriend from her social media accounts following reports the trio had split. A source revealed to The Sun: ‘Una is taking time out from the situation because it is a bit of a head spin. Her kids are always her number one priority. ‘There are complicated feelings at play, with [David and Sian] being away together without her. So Una is just focusing on herself and her family.’ The star was still sharing cosy snaps with the boxer as recently as last Wednesday when she pressed send on a post that pictured the pair cuddling together on a beach with the caption: ‘’It was me and him x [sic]’. However, the next day all traces of the rumoured fling had vanished from Una’s accounts. Metro.co.uk contacted Una, David and Sian’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Una Healy deletes all trace of David Haye and his girlfriend from Instagram sparking rumours of throuple split MORE : Katherine Ryan enters full Stacey Dooley mode and quizzes David Haye on ‘throuple’ rumours with Una Healy and Sian Osborne 