An amber warning for snow has been issued with ‘significant disruption’ expected on Thursday afternoon and Friday morning. The area affected stretches from Stoke-on-Trent to Durham. Travel delays, rail disruption and power cuts are all likely, the Met Office has warned. The forecaster has said ‘strong winds bringing blizzard conditions’ are on the way for the region from 3pm on Thursday until noon on Friday, with 30-40cm of snow. There is also ‘a good chance’ that some rural communities could become cut off as a result of the wild weather. Snowfall in much of the country will continue until Friday, with a yellow warning for snow covering all of the UK north of Birmingham spanning from 3am on Thursday until 6pm on Friday. A yellow warning for snow and ice also covers London and the south from midnight on Wednesday until 9am on Thursday. Large parts of the UK woke up to a fresh blanket of snow on Wednesday. Night-time sub-zero temperatures are predicted in all four UK nations until at least Friday. Leading charities have encouraged the elderly to take ‘simple precautions’ as the country grapples with snow and freezing temperatures. Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, said: ‘With much of the UK waking up to snow this morning we are urging older people to do all they can to keep warm and take care. ‘With high energy bills and food prices still rocketing it is understandable that many may think they have to cut back on food and turn their heating off, but prolonged exposure to cold temperatures can have a substantial impact on their health. ‘Having plenty of hot food and drinks throughout the day can help keep the health risks of the cold at bay, as can taking simple precautions such as wrapping up warm when going outside and sleeping with the windows closed at night.’ The cold snap comes as energy prices have risen dramatically since last year following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Ofgem, the government’s independent energy regulator, said information and advice for consumers can be found on their website, and that the Energy Bills Support Scheme can provide ‘valuable extra cash for bills’. A spokesperson for the ENA, which represents the UK’s energy network operators, said: ‘We’ve provided information to help at powercut105.com, including what to do if the power goes out. ‘The energy networks will be monitoring the weather forecast closely as it develops this week and are ready to take action if needed.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.