Manchester United may consider putting Mason Greenwood forward for a television interview should they decide to reintroduce the player to the first-team squad. The Premier League side are continuing to hold their own internal investigation after attempted rape and assault charges against the 21-year-old England international were dropped last month. Greenwood originally faced one count of attempted rape, one count of controlling and coercive behaviour and one count of assault occasioning actual bodily harm, all against the same complainant after images and videos were posted online last January. The 21-year-old has not played for the club since with United still to determine their next move with no decision expected until after their internal process is complete. United have the option of bringing their academy product back into the squad as part of a ‘phased process’, which would include the player receiving counselling or therapy, the Athletic reports. Were the club to go down that road, the report adds United could also ask the player to take part in a television interview where he would be openly challenged on his arrest. United may take the view that they have a responsibility to help rehabilitate Greenwood, a player who has been part of the club since he was six years old. The findings of United’s internal investigation however will ultimately determine their next move. United manager Erik ten Hag is understood to have held face-to-face talks with the striker last month for the first time, while Greenwood is also said to have secretly reached out to teammates. Meanwhile, members of United’s women side, along with female members of staff, are said to have major concerns over the prospect of the player returning to the club’s Carrington training base, which is shared by the male and female squads. Greenwood has two years left on his current contract at Old Trafford with the option to extend that by a further 12 months. Greenwood made 129 appearances for his boyhood club before being suspended, scoring 35 goals. He made his one and only England appearance in September 2020. A recent report from The Telegraph claims United have fielded offers from two Turkish clubs but will not determine Greenwood’s future until the international investigation is complete. MORE : Jurgen Klopp pinpoints Christian Eriksen as big ‘miss’ for Manchester United after praising seven other stars MORE : Gary Neville pinpoints who Manchester United should target in Liverpool side in Sunday’s Premier League clash For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 