Zachary Levi has teased fans over what they can expect from Shazam: Fury of the Gods’ ‘badass’ trio of female villains as alter-ego Billy Batson returns to face yet more godly power intent on destroying him. In the original 2019 flick, Levi and Billy actor Asher Angel teamed up onscreen after the 14-year-old was deemed worthy of being chosen as the champion of an ancient wizard (Djimon Hounsou), allowing him to transform into an adult superhero (Levi). This time around, Billy and his foster family are threatened by the Daughters of Atlas, played by Dame Helen Mirren (Hespera), Rachel Zegler (Anthea) and Lucy Liu (Kalypso). Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk at the Shazam sequel’s London premiere, Levi also took time to praise his former co-star and adversary, Kingsman and Sherlock Holmes star Mark Strong. ‘In the first movie, we had such a fantastic villain in Mark Strong’s Doctor Sivana – I walked the same red carpet with him next to me then! ‘That was an amazing vibe and energy, and now we get this strong, feminine, badass energy with these three goddesses coming in, who basically want to kill me and my siblings because they think we stole their power – which we kind of did, but not really, but we did…,’ he joked. Reflecting on donning his white cape and red superhero suit for a second time in a part that he has previously acknowledged as having ‘changed my life forever’, the 42-year-old praised it as a ‘dreamy’ yet ‘dangerous’ role. ‘I mean it’s an honour, and it’s so much fun,’ he shared. ‘I was so grateful that I got cast the first time. ‘It’s the dreamiest job – I get to get paid to be an immature version of myself, with superpowers – very dangerous! ‘The fact that Warner Bros [and] DC saw fit – they saw in me what I couldn’t see in me, which is the worthiness to play this role and carry this franchise. ‘And look at it – now we’re in Leicester Square with this massive thing going on, for the second time! I’m like, “This is my life? Pinch me!”’ Dame Helen, 77, has previously revealed the sacrifices she made for her role in the action-packed, having sustained a painful injury during production. ‘I did some of my own stunts, but I broke my finger,’ she revealed on the Graham Norton Show. ‘I was incredibly brave and didn’t say anything or complain because I wanted to be a real “stunty” person,’ she admitted while showing off the evidence of her injury. She jokingly added: ‘Don’t ask me about the plot, it’s too complicated. ‘We are angry goddesses wearing unbelievably heavy costumes. It was very hot and uncomfortable and, in fact, Lucy said at the end of the first day’s shooting, “they are trying to kill us, in all seriousness”.’ The actress also confirmed that she is not a ‘big superhero type person’ but as the first movie was ‘sweet and funny’ she ‘happily signed up’. Shazam: Fury of the Gods releases in cinemas on Friday March 17. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Helen Mirren ‘incredibly brave’ after breaking finger on Shazam! sequel because she wanted to be considered a ‘stunty’ person MORE : James Gunn responds to backlash over Shazam star Zachary Levi’s anti-vaccine comment  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 