Crufts experts have responded to calls for flat-faced dog breeds to be banned from the competition. Each year, brachycephalic (‘flat-faced’, or ‘short-headed’) dogs compete at the international dog show. Crufts has come under fire for supposedly ‘celebrating’ extreme features that can be detrimental to dogs’ welfare, given that their bred-in physical traits can put them at risk of various health problems, and mean they live shorter lives. Everyday behaviours, such as breathing and exercise, can also be a struggle. Chatting to presenter Clare Balding about the debate, Charlotte McNamara of The Kennel Club (which organises and hosts Crufts) said their expectations about the kinds of dogs that should appear have been made ‘very, very clear’ to judges. ‘We have an introductory paragraph to those breed standards and we make it very, very explicit that no level of exaggeration is acceptable,’ she began. ‘In addition, we’ve done a number of reviews of breed standards, including our collaborators, as part of the working groups that we’re involved in.’ She went on to state that the problem is far bigger than Crufts. ‘Outside of that, we really need to understand how we tackle things like Instagram and the influences way beyond Crufts, way beyond The Kennel Club, and how we really reach people and make sure they’re aware of the same messages.’ Clare then asked Justine Shotton, from the British Veterniary Association, about the exact problems flat faces can lead to. ‘What are some of the specific issues that you see that are presented to vets because of the problems caused if the faces are too short?’, Clare asked. ‘So, one of the main issues that vets see on the ground on almost a daily basis with these sorts of breeds is a problem with breathing,’ Justine began. ‘They’re (dogs with flat-faces) also more susceptible to extremes of temperature, so they get heat stroke is very common, often some skin issues, trouble giving birth, there’s a whole suite of different problems, as well as things like eye issues as well. ‘Vets are having to, in some cases, operate to make the dogs be able to breathe more easily, just to live a normal life, which is obviously very unacceptable.’ This isn’t the first time this year the debate about dogs with flat faces has made headlines, as Moonpig recently announced it was scrapping its range of cards featuring images of dogs prone to breathing problems, after campaigners warned they ‘normalise suffering’. Animal rights activists Peta praised the online retailer for ‘acting responsibly’ after cards showing pugs and French bulldogs disappeared from its website, given that both breeds, as well as regular bulldogs, are at extremely high risk of brachycephalic obstructive airway syndrome (BOAS). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mae Muller ‘blacked out’ after Eurovision announcement MORE : Rylan Clark recalls deer attack during Comic Relief mountain trek with Emma Willis and Oti Mabuse 