Pierce Brosnan celebrated wrapping filming on his latest movie with his wife by his side The film star, 69, has been shooting for Four Letters of Love in Ireland, surrounded by the most dreamy, picturesque views. And to mark the end of the project, he snapped a sweet selfie with his other half in front of Mullaghderg Beach. Posing with a loving arm around Keely Shaye, 59, the former James Bond star wrapped up warm in a black coat and knitted hat, while his wife of over 20 years donned a fury scarf and protected her eyes with a pair of sunnies. The scenery behind the couple was to die for, with the sky as blue as can be and not a soul in sight on the sand below. Captioning his post, the Mamma Mia! actor penned: ‘And that’s a wrap! ‘Mullaghderg Beach along the wild Atlantic way. The luck of the Irish was with us as the sun shone upon us during the filming of “The Four Letters of Love.”’ The movie favourite also shared another snap from on top of the sand dunes, writing: ‘Down the wild Atlantic way, Donegal. We have had the most memorable of times in the company of all while making “The Four Letters of Love” based on the best seeking book of the same name by Niall Williams. Photo by @KeelyShayeBrosnan’. Ladies, get yourself a guy who credits you for taking his Instagram pics! Pierce married American journalist and author Keely in 2001, after they met on a beach in Mexico back in April 1994. They wed at Ballintubber Abbey in County Mayo, Ireland, and are parents to two sons: Dylan Thomas Brosnan (born in 1997) and Paris Beckett Brosnan (born in February 2001). Keely is Pierce’s second wife, as he was first married to Australian actress Cassandra Harris from 1980 until 1991. Sadly, she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer, the same disease her own mother died of, and died herself at the age of 43. In a tragic series of events, Pierce’s daughter Charlotte also died in 2013 at the age of 41, following a battle with the same cancer. Since, Pierce has been protective over the loved ones in his life, having recently jumped on social media to defend wife Keely after discovering friends had offered her weight loss surgery. The star wrote at the time: ‘Friends offered her surgery to reduce her weight. But I strongly love every curve of her body.’ He went on: ‘She is the most beautiful woman in my eyes. And also because she had our five children. ‘In the past, I truly loved her for her person, not only for her beauty, and now I’m loving her even more that she is my children’s mother. ‘And I am very proud of her, and I always seek to be worthy of her love,’ he concluded. As for Pierce’s latest job, Four Letters of Love will star Pierce, alongside Gabriel Byrne and Helena Bonham Carter as the parents of two lovers, portrayed by rising stars Fionn O’Shea of Normal People and Ann Skelly from The Nevers. While a release date is yet to be shared, the movie is described as a ‘lyrical and deeply romantic Irish story.’ The original book is a best-seller, with a synopsis reading: ‘Nicholas is 12, living with his parents, when his father gives up his job and throws the household into disarray. Across the country, Isabel is sent to convent school but runs away. Isabel and Nicholas are made for each other, but how will they know?’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ashley Graham shrugs off painfully awkward Hugh Grant interview after Oscars 2023 MORE : Bill Nighy finally reveals why he took a tiny rabbit to the Oscars – and it’s the cutest thing you’ll hear this week 