Johnny Depp had an unconventional way of arriving at an antiques centre in the UK when he went shopping for his London home, dropping in as a surprise by chopper. Earlier this year, it was claimed that the Pirates of the Caribbean had moved to the English capital, but was yet to find a permanent residence in the city. He had been living with his friend Jeff Beck in Sussex, before the guitarist died at the age of 78 in January 2023, having ‘suddenly contracted bacterial meningitis’. It was said that the 59-year-old wanted a change of pace from the fast-paced nature of bustling cities like Los Angeles and New York, which is why he set London in his sights, as a city that was still energetic but relaxed at the same time. Now he’s apparently looking to furnish his own place, flying in a helicopter to Hemswell Antiques Centre in Lincolnshire on Friday March 3. The antique centre’s owner, Robert Miller, said that he overheard Depp speaking about his late friend Beck while testing out different guitars, having been given a private tour after his arrival. ‘He just bought a lot of very quirky items. A desk chair, three guitars, paint sets, easels, a few pictures, posters, just a whole range of things for decorative items for his own personal property,’ Miller said. ‘He chose a vase with a skull on it. Guitars obviously. He was very friendly with, best friends with Jeff Beck, he sat and played a few tunes on this guitar I think just for old times’ sake really and then decided to buy three of the guitars that were there.’ Miller said that he was informed that Depp would be showing up at 4.30pm, but had to keep his identity a secret as the actor ‘just wanted to relax and walk round without being bombarded by the general public’. The antiques centre owner said that the actor was ‘very relaxed’ during his visit and ‘felt very at home’, with the employees providing him with refreshments. Apparently Depp enjoyed his visit so much that he said ‘he could’ve stayed here all night’, with the Edward Scissorhands star appearing both ‘sociable’ and ‘quietly spoken’. Depp was the only mourner invited to Beck’s burial, which took place on February 4 in the grounds of his home in Wadhurst, East Sussex. The pair performed together days after Depp’s trial with his ex-wife Amber Heard, which ended with the jury finding that Heard, 36, had defamed her ex-husband in a 2018 op-ed that she wrote for The Washington Post. Depp was awarded $15million (£12.4m) in total – $10m (£8.3m) in compensatory damages and $5m (£4.1m) in punitive damages – while Heard was awarded $2m (£1.7m) in compensatory damages. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lily-Rose Depp ‘super aware’ of privilege as she wades into ‘nepo baby’ debate MORE : Jeff Beck and Johnny Depp’s close friendship explained as musician dies aged 78 