The head of the Russian paramilitary group Wagner has said the Kremlin’s ‘pincers are getting tighter’ around the eastern Ukrainian city of Bakhmut. Bringing Russia closer to its first victory in half a year, only a single road remains under Kyiv’s control, Yevgeny Prigozhin alleged in a Telegram video today. Wearing a military uniform, Prigozhin called on Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to abandon Donetsk in the Bakhmut region. ‘Units of the private military company Wagner have practically surrounded Bakhmut,’ he said in the video. ‘Only one road is left (open to Ukrainian forces) The pincers are getting tighter.’ According to Reuters, the video appeared to have been filmed near the village of Paraskoviivka, north of central Bakhmut. In a second Telegram post, Prigozhin shared footage of Wagner soldiers ‘fooling around’. They can be seen standing atop a partially destroyed building while a man waved the flag of the paramilitary group while others played musical instruments. ‘They shoot homegrown clips,’ Prigozhin said in the post. ‘This morning we brought it from Bakhmut, almost the centre of the city.’ The salt-mining city of Bakhmut has been gutted by months of blasts and bloodshed since last summer. In recent days, Russia has battered it and the surrounding area with shelling to block Ukrainian soldiers. Victory in Bakhmut would give Moscow a major win since it mobilised hundreds of thousands of reservists last year. Donetsk was among the eastern regions that Russian President Vladimir Putin first vowed to capture when he first launched his war against Ukraine last year. The region and Luhansk are known jointly as the Donbas. But Ukraine is not giving up. The commander of Kyiv’s eastern group of soldiers, Oleksandr Syrsky, visited troops in Bakhmut this afternoon, according to a Telegram post by the Ukrainian Defense Ministry. ‘The enemy does not give up hope of capturing Bakhmut and continues to accumulate forces to occupy the city,’ the ministry said. ‘Intense fighting is taking place in and around the city itself.’ Ukrainian soldier Eugene Cherepnya, who is in Bakhmut with the 93d Mechanized Brigade, agreed. ‘Friends, at the moment there is no withdrawal of troops from Bakhmut,” Cherepnya tweeted today. ‘Fighting continues in all areas of the city, 93 stands and continues to perform the tasks assigned to it. ‘The situation is actually complicated, but trust only official sources and do not panic.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.