With more than 2.5 million people tuning in to last night’s presenter-free episode of Match of the Day, there’s no doubt some were more into it than others. But it’s fair to say most of those viewers were not quite as enthusiastic as the Tory MP for Blackpool South, Scott Benton. When the cold, stripped-back show finished yesterday, Scott took to social media to proclaim it the ‘best episode in years’. His favourite parts, he said, were ‘all the goals’ that were included, and the fact it ended earlier so he could make it to the pub for a round of beers with the lads before last orders. Sadly, Twitter was merciless in taking the mickey out of Scott for his take. Thomas Wynne Lewis asked: ‘When was the last time MOTD didn’t “have all the goals in” Scott?’ Aaron Stokes added: ‘I too, like most totally normal people, enjoy nothing more than leaving the house at 10.40pm to make it to the pub for last orders.’ Comedian Dara O Briain also joined in, writing: ‘I like the way he said “episode”, the way football fans always say “I hope it’s a good episode of Match of The Day tonight”.’ Woodo replied to say: ‘I love waiting until the end of #MOTD to go to the pub for one beer when the staff are clearing up rather than going to a pub showing Match of the Day anyway at a normal time. ‘I am definitely a football fan and definitely watch match of the day and definitely frequent pubs.’ Scott, who was elected to the Lancashire seat in 2019, eventually restricted the replies to his tweet after more than 4,000 people had responded. It wasn’t the first time he’d taken on the subject, though – earlier that day he’d taunted the wokerati with a low-resolution picture of Jeremy Clarkson badly edited over a Match of the Day background. The MP, who proclaims himself a fan of Tottenham Hotspur in his Twitter bio, also retweeted support for the ‘Alternative Match of the Day’ hosted by former Balls of Steel presenter Mark Dolan on GB News. The segment baffled some viewers with its complete lack of any football clips – no goals at all were shown, presumably frustrating Scott. It was later criticised for a sneering reference to the ‘rainbow flags’ that can be seen in Brighton. Today, the crisis at the BBC over Gary Lineker’s suspension grew to consume even more of the broadcaster’s sports shows, with Match of the Day 2 also going ahead without pundits or commentary this evening. Meanwhile, a petition to reinstate Lineker following the controversy over his criticism of the government’s new Illegal Migration Bill has passed 200,000 signatures. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.