Courteney Cox has spilled the beans on Scream 6, teasing that it’s not looking good for Gale Weathers. The Friends actress has played the reporter and author since the very first Scream film, in 1996, and has beaten Ghostface in every movie so far. Ahead of the latest release in the franchise – which is hitting cinemas on March 10 – the 58-year-old opened up about what fans can expect after the gang left Woodsboro and ended up in New York. Reflecting on the sixth flick in the slasher franchise, she explained that Gale has managed to wrangle her very own morning show in the city, a far cry from her days of local reporting. However, there’s a twist and ‘she becomes a target,’ Courteney teased. She also heaped praise on directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett, who took over the helm from the late Wes Craven. ‘They just keep elevating it… They amped it up in every way,’ she continued to Entertainment Tonight. ‘The writers are incredible and it’s so scary. ‘There are more stabbings per person than I’ve ever seen. And they found some new places to get stabbed. ‘I don’t know how Ghostface’s arm didn’t fall off. I’ve never seen more stabbings… It was unbelievable.’ We’re not sure we’re ready… Courteney leads the star-studded cast alongside Jenna Ortega, Melissa Barrera, Jasmin Savoy Brown and Mason Gooding – who all managed to survive Ghostface’s last stint in Woodsboro. In New York, they will be joined by Dermot Mulroney, Jack Champion and Samara Weaving as well as Hayden Panettiere, who is reprising her role as Kirby Reed from Scream 4. The fifth instalment only hit the big screen last year, and Melissa explained that the characters have faced a similar timeframe – which hasn’t given them much time to process what they survived. ‘Not a lot of time has passed since the last movie. Pretty much, the amount of time that we’ve had between one movie and the other is the amount of time that has passed in their world,’ she previously told Entertainment Weekly. ‘So the trauma is still very fresh. One of my favorite parts about this movie is that we really get to see how the happenings of the last movie affected them. ‘We get to really see the baggage that they’re carrying now and how each of them is dealing with it differently.’ Scream 6 is released in cinemas on March 10. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Disney teases spooks, surprises and first glimpse of Jamie Lee Curtis and Jared Leto in trailer for star-studded Haunted Mansion MORE : Empire star Jussie Smollett ‘appeals jail sentence’ after hoax hate crime conviction  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 