Saturday Night Takeaway viewers have praised host Ant McPartlin after he learnt sign language to help tell two deaf brothers they had won a huge prize. On this weekend’s episode of the variety show, Ant and Dec were handing out prizes to both their live audience and people watching along at home, including tickets on a flight for an upcoming holiday to Florida. The Place on a Plane competition is offering up 200 spots for viewers who will be flown to the season finale, which is taking place at the Orlando Universal Resort. Those who have been given tickets so far are people who have undertaken charity work in their community, including brothers Tony and Toisin. Born deaf, at the age of two the siblings were fitted with cochlear implants, and have been determined to help others in the same situation since. ‘They’ve been fundraising since they were just four years old,’ Ant explained. He added: ‘So far they’ve raised an incredible £25,000 to help other deaf children around the world.’ While there was an interpreter on hand, right at the end of his speech, Ant then told the boys they also had a place on the plane. Watching the host communicate to the boys directly affected many people, who said it was touching to see the effort he put in. Many said it had also left them incredibly emotional. ‘Trying not to cry over the fact Ant learnt the sign language for “you’ve got a place on the plane” for those wonderful children,’ one person posted on Twitter. Meanwhile during another part of the show, fans were also delighted to meet an elderly gentleman named Ernest, who sparked plenty of laughs as people watched him react to the hidden camera prank. With Ant and Dec posing as an AI hotel reception, they hoodwinked holidaymakers and asked them to do some questionable tasks to be able to check in, but when it came to the big reveal, the reactions were priceless. While some people swore out of shock when the hosts revealed themselves, Ernest instead told the duo that the prank was a ‘bit of a down market job’ for them, before joking that ‘the mighty have fallen’. Ant & Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway airs Saturdays at 7pm on ITV and is streaming on ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly insist they refuse to do cruel pranks despite Ofcom complaints over Saturday Night Takeaway stunt MORE : Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway hit with Ofcom complaints after fans blast ‘cruel’ prank on first time dad 