A single mum has been left ‘worried sick’ after being ordered to pay a £170 parking fine. Catherine Bowden, 40, had visited a McDonald’s in Walsgrave, Coventry with her two children in November. They tucked into some food and her two-year-old Zayn had a blast in the soft play area. It had been a special day out for the family, following the all-clear after catching Covid. But Catherine had accidentally overstayed in the McDonald’s car park by a mere 14 minutes after she says she missed signs detailing the exact time limits. The 40-year-old, who works as a kitchen assistant in a care home, tried to seek answers over the fine. But, as she tried in vain to reach McDonald’s, the parking fine cost rose from £50 charge to £170. The single mum is now terrified at how she will afford paying it. Catherine told Metro.co.uk: ‘I’m worried sick, I’ve never been in debt in my life and don’t know what to do. I’m trying to contact McDonald’s for help. ‘I’m upset to be fined when I was a paying customer and using the McDonald’s facilities. ‘I’ve never been chased for debt before and always pay my bills, it feels unfair.’ Catherine had overstayed in the carpark on November 2. She added: ‘Had I known there were cameras or a limit of 90 mins I wouldn’t have gone to McDonald’s. ‘I’m a single parent who doesn’t have a lot of money to be honest, so I’d treated my kids to McDonald’s as I knew they had a play area.’ A McDonald’s spokesperson stressed ‘ample’ signs were in place at the restaurant. It comes after suggestions a ‘grace period’ could be implemented at the car park for customers who overstay for a short amount of time and may have been delayed leaving due to young children. A spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘We have parking restrictions in place at a number of our restaurants, with a time limit to ensure there is adequate parking for all of our customers. ‘Ample signage regarding these restrictions is clearly displayed both as you drive into the car park, on various lampposts within it and inside of the restaurant. We work with industry-approved contractors to ensure customers do not exceed the 90 minute limit.’ UK Parking Control was contacted for comment. A situation similar to Catherine’s had befallen 35-year-old Marcus Ward at the same carpark. The 35-year-old and his wife had taken their two young children for lunch and an afternoon at the McDonald’s soft play. A few days later, a parking fine appeared through their front door. Marcus said the charge, also from UK Parking Control, stated that his wife and children had exceeded the limit 90-minute limit for the customer car park by around 10 minutes. The furious dad told CoventryLive: ‘You have got a soft play at thatMcDonald’s so you are going to be there for a lot longer than a normal McDonald’s. ‘If you break down how long it takes a parent to get kids out of the car, change them, feed them, and soft play, it is definitely over an hour and a half. ‘Everything is almost set up for you to fail and be caught by this trap. It is unbelievable.’ Marcus has been fighting the parking fine since August last year. Like Catherine, he has now been informed he will have to fight the parking charge in court with the fine having reached £170. Can you help Catherine or Marcus, or have you been in a similar situation? Email kirsten.robertson@metro.co.uk Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.