Love Island has spiced up a little after what’s been branded a fairly dry season by viewers, as the show whacked out a shocking twist in dumping protocol, leaving two more Islanders packing on Thursday night. Viewers sat up a bit last night when host Maya Jama announced that not only would Olivia Hawkins and Maxwell Samuda be leaving the villa, but they would also be followed by a couple of their choice. Dun, dun, dun… This comes after the public voted on the least compatible couples, which left Olivia and Maxwell out to dry along with four others – Claudia Fogarty and Keanan Brand; Rosie Seabrook and Casey O’Gorman; and Tanya Manhenga and Shaq Muhammad. When faced with the decision on whose Love Island journey to cut short, after a bit of deliberation, the pair went with Claudia and Keenan. And to be perfectly honest, fans were pretty made up with the decision. One person wrote: ‘In the space of a day we’ve seen Olivia, Claudia and Keenan all get sent home. I don’t know how to explain it but good has beaten evil.’ Another wrote: ‘Olivia & Claudia gone, Sanam & Kai screen time… the world is healing’. Other people suggested Maxwell and Olivia might not last the distance, after the couple became exclusive not long ago. This shock dumping comes after Claudia, 28, was left in tears after Casey, 26, was picked by brunette bombshell Rosie Seabrook, 24, in a recoupling over her. It hasn’t been smooth sailing since, as Claudia was consistently upset at being pied by the recruitment consultant. Other fans were also joking about the Islanders acting like dumped contestants had died, as they pointed out they will see them again in a matter of weeks. Fans were also gripped at the end of the episode, when after a ‘sports day’ challenge and a lot of wind up from Shaq, Tom Clare came to the end of his tether when he was branded a sore loser. Some called Tom childish for his reaction, while others thought Shaq was the petty one for prodding him. The grand finale is due to take place on Monday March 13. Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who has left Winter Love Island 2023? All the dumped contestants so far MORE : Love Island winner Davide Sanclimenti hasn’t watched ‘a single episode’ of winter series: ‘It’s not been interesting’ 