Love Island star Teddy Soares got candid with his followers on Instagram on Wednesday, as he revealed he had been ‘tearing up’ while removing his belongings from the house he shared with ex Faye Winter. The former couple met on the ITV2 dating show in 2021, moving in together shortly afterwards, and remained in a relationship for over 18 months until they announced their split in February. Speculation had been swirling for weeks as the pair hadn’t shared any photos together, and Faye, 27, had shared solo Valentine’s Day campaign pictures. She then took to Instagram to confirm the news, writing: ‘I wanted to let you know that after lots of time and consideration, Teddy and I have decided to go our separate ways. ‘Thank you all so much for supporting our relationship and sharing the journey with us.’ On Wednesday, Teddy, 28, filmed a video clip inside his former home with Faye, admitting it was making him ‘emotional’. After wishing everyone a happy International Women’s Day, he explained: ‘I’m here at the house. I have actually been tearing up, which is why my eyes is the way it is [sic]. My nose is all red. ‘But, yeah, it’s an empty shell. It was obviously always going to be quite emotional being back here.’ He added: ‘I’m trying to pack some stuff up but yeah, I’m distracted by the fact that it’s International Women’s Day and I’m hugely appreciative of the women that I’ve had in my life.’ The financial consultant-turned-influencer also revealed that he would be visiting his mum yesterday after she had a fall but was luckily uninjured. Celebrity MasterChef star Faye previously headed to their house last week and appeared to make a dig at her ex as she got busy with cleaning and clearing out her belongings on Friday, according to The Mirror. The former lettings agent vented her frustration over apparently being left to clean their house by herself, revealing on her Instagram stories: ‘TODAY SUCKED! Emptying the kitchen and cleaning the whole house to find a freezer defrosted not sure when ago. ‘The smell I tell you smelt like a washed up whale. Sick of doing it now!’ Faye added in the caption of her selfie, which showed her posing with her hand under her chin: ‘Anyone would think it’s just me moving out!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bruce Willis’ wife Emma Heming Willis hits out at trolls who claim she’s using husband’s dementia diagnosis for fame MORE : Queer Eye fan favourite Tom Jackson, star of first episode, dies aged 63 