Gogglebox viewers were left in bits watching the show’s 10-year anniversary special. The iconic Channel 4 TV show is celebrating a decade on screens, having first introduced us to a new gang of sofa critics back in 2013. Gogglebox has catapulted several stars to fame over the years, the most known example being Scarlett Moffatt, who went on to appear on I’m A Celebrity and Saturday Night Takeaway after her exit. But sadly, many armchair critics have left us and aren’t here today to mark the programme’s birthday. In honour of Gogglebox’s anniversary, a special trip own memory lane aired on Saturday night, reminiscing on classic moments and reminding us just how iconic the original stars were. The TV special also featured late TV personalities June and Leon Bernicoff, Pete McGarry, Mary Cook, and Andy Michael. Seeing the stars back on their screens brought a wave of emotions for viewers, who were left in disbelief at just how many had died. ‘I can’t believe how many of them have passed, left or I’ve totally forgotten about. #Gogglebox is still one of, if not the best show on TV’, one viewer tweeted. ‘Oh June and Leon’, another penned, followed by a broken heart emoji. ‘Love remembering all the #Gogglebox lot, like Leon and June, with this special’, another wrote. ‘Mary and Marina were friendship goals’, hailed another. The show also paid tribute to original presenter Caroline Aherne, who died in July 2016 aged 52, after being diagnosed with cancer. ‘Hearing Caroline Aherne and seeing Leon made me cry’, one viewer tweeted. ‘Caroline Aherne went far too early’, added another emotional tweeter. Aherne – who voiced the show for three years – was replaced by The Royle Family co-star Craig Cash following her death, and he continues to helm the show today. Let’s take a moment to remember the Gogglebox stars we’ve lost along the way… Leon died shortly before Christmas in 2017 at the age of 83, following a short illness. Sadly, in May 2020, his wife June died at the age of 82. The news was confirmed in a statement by Gogglebox’s Executive Producer, Tania Alexander, which she shared on social media. It read: ‘We are deeply saddened to announce that Gogglebox’s much-loved June Bernicoff passed away at the age of 82 on May 5 at home with her family by her side after a short illness. ‘As the first couple to be cast for Gogglebox back in 2013, June and her husband Leon were a huge part of the programme‘s success. ‘Their warmth, wit and contrasting personalities endeared them to the nation during the course of the first 10 series.’ ‘Following Leon’s passing in December 2017, June wrote her first book, Leon And June: Our Story, which was a deeply moving and entertaining chronicle of their 60 year love affair,’ they continued. ‘A remarkably independent, principled woman with a vivacious sense of humour and a huge passion for life. ‘June will be dearly missed by the entire Gogglebox family, cast and crew. Despite her departure from the show in 2017, she remained a passionate supporter of the programme, watching it every week, and she was in regular contact with the production team. ‘Our thoughts are with June’s family – Helen and Ian, Julie and Marc, and her beloved grandchildren Frances, Sam and Faye.’ Pete died from cancer in June 2021, days after being told he had six months to live. The 71-year-old died at his home in Essex, surrounded by his family, including wife Linda. A statement denied that his death was related to Covid-19, with a message issued on behalf of the family reading: ‘We are deeply saddened to announce that Gogglebox star Pete McGarry passed away at the age of 71 this weekend with his family by his side after a short illness. ‘Pete will be dearly missed by the entire Gogglebox family, cast and crew.’ Beloved Mary died aged 92 in August 2021. She first appeared alongside best friend Marina Wingrove back in 2016, and spent the next five years delighting viewers with their hilarious banter. Confirming the devastating news of her death, Channel 4 said: ‘We are extremely saddened to share that Gogglebox star Mary Cook passed away in hospital this weekend at the age of 92 with her family by her side. ‘Beloved mother, grandmother, great grandmother and dear friend to many, Mary, who worked in the hospitality trade, had been married and widowed twice. ‘Bristolians Mary & Marina met at St Monica Trust retirement village over 10 years ago and had been friends ever since. ‘They joined Gogglebox in 2016 at the start of series eight and became instant fan favourites due to their brilliantly witty and often cheeky comments.’ Andy died aged 61 in August 2021, following a short illness. A statement released by Channel 4 and Studio Lambert on behalf of his family confirmed at the time that he died with his family by his side. ‘Retired hotelier Andy, who brought much wit and insight to Gogglebox, was one of the show’s original cast members, appearing in the very first episode in 2013. ‘Beloved father to Katy, Alex, Pascal and Louis, and cherished husband of Carolyne, Andy was a much-loved and respected member of the Gogglebox family, and he will be very sadly missed. ‘Our love and thoughts are with Carolyne and the entire family. The family have asked for privacy at this very sad time.’ The Mrs Merton star took a break from voicing Gogglebox shortly before her death to receive treatment. Sadly, her publicist, Neil Reading, later confirmed her death, saying: ‘Caroline Aherne has sadly passed away after a brave battle with cancer. ‘The Bafta award-winning writer and comedy actor died earlier today at her home in Timperley, Greater Manchester. She was 52. ‘The family ask for privacy at this very sad time.’ Gogglebox airs Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox’s Sandra Martin back on benefits after being ‘dumped’ by best mate Sandi Bogle MORE : As Gogglebox turns ten, Sid from the Siddiquis talks all things telly   