People have been urged to stay wrapped up warm and check in on those most at risk from the cold ahead of wintry showers and freezing temperatures expected across England next week. The Met Office and UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) have warned that all regions of the country will experience cold weather from 1am on Monday to midnight on Wednesday. Dr Agostinho Sousa, head of extreme events and health protection at UKHSA, said: ‘During periods like this, it is important to check in on family, friends and relatives who may be more vulnerable to the cold weather, as it can have a serious impact on health. ‘If you have a pre-existing medical condition or are over the age of 65, it is important to try and heat your home to at least 18C if you can.’ The UKHSA said very cold air will spread across the UK from Monday – bringing snow and a risk of ice. Weather warnings are likely from the start of next week due to the expected conditions, the Met Office added. Chris Almond, deputy chief meteorologist at the Met Office, said: ‘Although we’ve moved into meteorological spring there will be a distinctly wintry feel to our weather next week. ‘Very cold air will spread across the UK bringing snow showers even to sea level in the north on Monday and these snow showers could spread further south on Tuesday. ‘With freezing overnight temperatures and the risk of ice, it is likely weather warnings will be issued for Monday and Tuesday once the detail of potential impacts becomes clearer, so keep an eye on the Met Office forecast.’ The plunging temperatures are the latest cold snap to hit the UK as it battles with soaring energy bills during the cost-of-living crisis. The UKHSA said for those struggling with the rising costs, it provides free advice on energy efficiency and national grants to help warm homes. It advised that wearing several layers of thinner clothing will keep people warmer than wearing one thick layer, and that consuming hot food and drinks is also effective. It comes after England had its driest February in 30 years, according to provisional figures from the Met Office. The UK as a whole saw less than half the average rainfall for the month, at 45%, with 43.4mm falling. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.