Amanda Abbington has revealed the devastating impact to mental health following her split from ex Martin Freeman, to the point she even considered taking her own life. The 49-year-old actress was in a long-term relationship with her Sherlock co-star for 16 years until they split in 2016. She shares two children with Martin, 51, with the former couple co-parenting son Joe, 17, and daughter Grace, 15. Opening up about how she coped in the wake of their separation, Amanda stated: ‘It was breaking up with Martin and then realising I needed to sort myself out because I was a bit of a mess. I hated myself.’ The Ms Selfridge actress – who played Martin’s on-screen wife Mary Watson in the BBC series – then recalled an argument she got into with daughter Grace while driving the teen to school one day. Sharing her state of mind at the time, she explained on the Full Disclosure podcast: ‘And I was sat there as I was driving, in my head, and I haven’t said this since I started therapy six years ago, “you could always kill yourself”. ‘And that was what my mantra used to be. ‘If you’ve let people down and upset somebody or if you’re not being the best you can or you’re a bad mother, or you’re not stepping up with your acting, you can always kill yourself. ‘That was a genuine option for me, quite a few times in my life. Then I don’t have to be this bad ­person because I don’t have to be here any more.’ It comes after Amanda recently admitted she got the Sherlock job due to her relationship with Martin, stating there was ‘a lot of nepotism being banded around. It’s true, it was that.’ Asked about her break-up with Martin, the Dream Team actress said she was still good friends with her former partner but found themselves unable to live with each other. Amanda is now happily engaged to fiance Jonathan Goodwin, 43, while Martin has found love again with French actress Rachel Mariam, 30. MORE : Lana Del Rey fires back at Glastonbury after fans rage over line-up and hints she’ll cancel performance MORE : Chris Rock roasts Will Smith and Jada Pinkett’s ‘entanglement’ scandal after Oscars slap in first ever live Netflix comedy special 