Fancy living in an authentic 19th Century Swiss chalet that was shipped over to west London and rebuilt in 1862? Well, for £3,500,000, you can. This very special Grade II-listed, five-floor, four-bedroom estate was originally shipped all the way over to the London Borough of Richmond-upon-Thames from Switzerland to be used as a boathouse – as you do. Not only does it have quite a unique history, but it also boasts a cinema room, stunning gardens, and a view over the river and Bushy Park. At one point, the aptly named The Chalet even had a heated indoor beach. Now, the property has been converted into a family home with a lovely big terrace overlooking the River Thames. On the same floor, you’ll find a large dining room leading into a kitchen and breakfast room, and an additional reception room is in the basement – along with the cinema room. There are three bathrooms which are found on the third and fourth floors of the home, and the main bedroom has its own balcony. On the ground floor, you’ll find the main drawing room and a garden room, which is accessed via an internal bridge over the lower ground floor and opens out on to the extensive riverside gardens. The home also has its own boathouse and yard, and moorings for multiple boats. A timber bridge leads to landscaped gardens over a dry dock, and if you go a bit further you’ll arrive at the river’s edge and the estate’s ‘finger pontoons’, which can be used to moor boats if you’re into that kind of thing. The home, which was previously owned by millionaire houseboat tycoon Myck Djurberg, is 30 minutes away from Hampton Court Village, and 1.4 miles away from Kingston upon Thames, both of which have a selection of bars, cafés, boutiques, and restaurants to choose from. This very unique property is on the market now with UK Sotheby’s International Realty. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I went back to Courchevel 20 years after I was a chalet girl. Wow, it’s expensive MORE : London’s biggest mosque which burnt down eight years ago finally reopens MORE : Why family-friendly Hayes could be the perfect spot to get onto the property ladder