Greta Thunberg admitted she enjoys being trolled online because jokes at her expense make her laugh. Thunberg revealed memes making fun of her can be a ‘big source of entertainment’, as she is ‘very easily entertained’. Speaking on the Made With Love podcast, the young Swedish activist said: ‘When I see memes where people make fun of me, I take credit for those memes myself. You have to make the best with what people give you. ‘I don’t know where I get my sense of humour from. It’s very very funny that some of the most powerful people in the world are seriously threatened by teenagers. It’s very easy to make fun of it, and it’s also very fun. ‘Most [trolls] are just people hiding behind a screen because they are too scared of doing anything on their own because they don’t have a life. ‘The fact that they are doing that shows we have an impact.’ Thunberg skyrocketed to fame in 2018 when, as a 15-year-old schoolgirl, she started spending her Fridays outside the Swedish Parliament demanding stronger action against climate change. She has since become one of the most recognisable climate activists in the world, known for her blunt manner and eloquent speeches. Last year, Thunberg had her own major ‘trolling’ moment on Twitter, when she mocked Andrew Tate following his arrest in Romania. Tate had boasted that he would not be recycling pizza boxes featured in a video he put online. But when rumours started that the pizza boxes helped police realise that Tate was in Romania, Greta took to Twitter to ‘slay’ her enemy. ‘This is what happens when you don’t recycle your pizza boxes’, she wrote. The comeback was not Thunberg’s first interaction with the controversial influencer. She had previously responded to Tate goading her about his car collection by telling him to ’email her at smalldickenergy@getalife.com’. MORE : Greta says Andrew Tate feels ‘threatened’ by her in first comments since his arrest MORE : Greta Thunberg detained and carried away by police at indigenous rights protest