Lewis Capaldi has been forced to reschedule the remaining dates on his European tour after falling ill with bronchitis. Earlier this week, the Scottish crooner had said he was ‘devastated’ to postpone gigs in Zurich and Milan due to contracting the illness. Having sought medical help, the Someone You Loved singer had hoped to continue with the rest of the dates, but said he was still struggling with symptoms in a heartfelt message to fans on Friday. The Before You Go singer explained in a video on Twitter: I’m gutted to be making this video and I’m so, so sorry to have to do this but unfortunately, I’m going to have to reschedule the remaining shows on my European tour.’ Tonight’s gig in Barcelona, tomorrow’s concert in Madrid Tuesday’s performance in Stuttgart and Wednesday’s show at Olympia Hall in Munich are the dates affected. Lewis continued: ‘I went to another doctor in Glasgow and I got medications and healers to try and help with the bronchitis and I do feel a bit better and I thought I was going to be ready for shows.’ The Forget Me hitmaker revealed he was currently backstage at the Barcelona venue but said that during soundcheck his voice had ‘given in.’ He added: ‘Unfortunately, to prevent further damage, I spoke with a doctor here and I’m going to have to just take a week to let this die down and let it heal properly rather than do any permanent damage to my voice. ‘I’m really sorry about this. I should be able to do this, and I feel like a f***ing d**k and for cancelling especially tonight in Barcelona when it’s so close to the show. ‘I don’t know what else to say here; I want to do a video and post so you can know it was coming from me and know someone in management. ‘I’m so, so f***ing sorry and hopefully I’ll see you all very soon. I’m very sorry We’ll get the rescheduled dates sorted as soon as possible.’ We hope you make a swift recovery soon, Lewis. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lewis Capaldi raids Netflix costume department to announce documentary as he transforms into iconic Bridgerton and Squid Game stars MORE : Lewis Capaldi issues ‘devastating’ announcement following visit to voice specialist 