Lisa Marie Presley was a grandmother to a baby girl as her daughter Riley Keough secretly welcomed her own daughter. Presley, the only daughter of acclaimed musician Elvis Presley, died suddenly on January 12 aged 54, leading to an outpouring of grief and love from around the world. The mother-of-four had suffered through plenty of grief of her own, having lost her father at nine years old, and her son Benjamin Keough dying by suicide in 2020 at the age of 27. Presley is survived by eldest daughter Riley Keough, 33, twins Finley and Harper, 14, with ex Michael Lockwood, and her mother Priscilla Presley, 77. It has now been revealed that Presley was in fact a grandmother, as Keough and her husband quietly welcomed their first child. The revelation was made during Presley’s public memorial service on Sunday, where Keough had written in her eulogy – read out by her husband Ben Smith-Petersen on her behalf – that she was a mother. Her eulogy read: ‘Thank you for showing me love is the only thingthat matters in this life. I hope I can love my daughter the way you loved me, the way you loved my brother and my sisters. ‘Thank you for giving me strength, my heart, my empathy, my courage, mysense of humour, my manners, my temper, my wildness, my tenacity. I’m aproduct of your heart, my sisters are a product of your heart, my brother is a product of your heart.’ A spokesperson for Keough is reported to have confirmed the couple welcomed a baby girl, however gave no further details as to their daughter’s age, name or where she was born. Keough’s eulogy, read by Smith-Petersen as she sat in the front row, unable to face the stage, went on to reflect on some of the gorgeous childhood memories she had growing up. Writing that she was ‘eternally grateful’ to have had Presley as her mother, Keough recalled ‘you giving me baths as a baby, driving me in my car seat listening to Aretha Franklin … taking me for ice cream after school in Florida. ‘I remember you singing to me and my brother lullabies at night, and howyou’d lay with us until we fell asleep. ‘I remember how it felt be loved by the most loving mother I’ve everknown. How safe it felt to be in your arms: I remember that feeling as achild and I remember it two weeks ago on your couch.’ The singer was laid to rest following the memorial at the sprawling estate of Graceland in Memphis, Tennessee, where Presley was born, and where her son is also buried. She inherited the mansion from her famous father when he died in 1977 – Presley was nine at the time – and the 13.8-acre estate will now be passed on to her own children. Ahead of the burial, Benjamin’s resting place was moved slightly, so his mother could be next to him. The family’s tombs are all located around the mansion’s famous backyard fountain, including that of Jailhouse Rock singer, Elvis. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Riley Keough for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lisa Marie Presley’s grave adorned with flowers as she lays to rest next to son Benjamin Keough following Graceland funeral MORE : Elvis star Austin Butler and girlfriend Kaia Gerber sit second row behind Presley family at Graceland memorial for Lisa Marie  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 