Michelle Heaton has become the latest celebrity to be eliminated on Dancing On Ice, but viewers aren’t exactly thrilled about the voting result. The Liberty X singer, 43, took to the ice in Sunday night’s episode to skate to All That Jazz from Chicago alongside her professional partner Lukasz Rozycki. However, she failed to impress the judges who scored her a disappointing 20. Viewers at home also weren’t swayed on her performance and Michelle received the fewest public votes, meaning she was immediately sent home with no skate-off. Speaking after the results were revealed, Michelle said: ‘I’m just really gutted. ‘I’ve loved every second of it and I loved everything that I just did there.’ Reacting to the vote, one viewer fumed: ‘Well that was just ridiculous! Michelle was robbed. Better than at least two left what the hell?’ Another said: ‘Michelle you did fantastically well! Devastated for you. Head up and be proud. You’ve inspired myself and many others over the last few years. Go on ye girl ye!!’ One other weighed in: ‘This is why I hate so many public voting competitions, no way did Michelle deserve to go home. How can someone who fell over, spent 20+ seconds not even skating and off screen get kept in the competition?’ Sharing their disappointment over the result, another viewer tweeted: ‘The whole show is a scam. Why did they ditch the skate off? Funnily enough the week Michelle happened to be in the bottom? I’m fuming. So so angry for her.’ Many fans of the show were unimpressed with the twist this week, which meant there was no skate-off and viewers had the power to immediately send a celebrity home. However, it’s believed the skate-off, which sees the two contestants with the lowest public votes battle in a final performance, will return next week. It had been a particularly emotional journey for Michelle, who was due to take part in the show a few years ago, but was unable to in light of her addiction struggles. Michelle is the second celebrity to be voted off the show after former footballer John Fashanu, who was sent home last weekend. Dancing On Ice airs Sundays on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joey Essex appears to confirm romance with Vanessa Bauer after sizzling Grease skate on Dancing On Ice MORE : Dancing on Ice’s Patsy Palmer takes tumble as she fails to defy gravity