Paige Thorne has said she was feeling ‘hella bitchy’ when she took aim at another Love Island couple, claiming they were faking their relationship. The reality TV star, 24, entered the villa last year and coupled up with Adam Collard. While they left the show together, they broke up soon after as numerous cheating allegations began to emerge. However, Paige took aim at the other remaining couples, which at the time included winners Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti, Luca Bish and Gemma Owen, Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page, and Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack. When being interviewed on the podcast Saving Grace in October, Paige said there was one couple who had secretly called it quits, but were keeping it under wraps from the public. But now Paige has said that she regretted her comment. ‘When I did that podcast, I was in a really low place and I was feeling hella bitchy, and I just took it out on everything around me, which showed,’ she told Her. ‘It wasn’t the best side of my character but I had heard some news that it’s not all as it seems and I was in my little b****y mood.’ Her claim then sparked Luca, 23, to say he didn’t ‘really care’ about her claims. ‘Listen – people, when you come out the villa, I think a lot of them take podcast after podcast, show after show, or radio after radio, and the best thing they can do is talk or make a story,’ he told Metro.co.uk at the time. He continued, stating: ‘I dunno what Paige was doing or who it was about, but that’s up to her and say what you want to say.’ While appearing on the podcast Paige was asked directly: ‘Who is the fakest couple to come out of Love Island this year?’ She replied: ‘All I’m going to say on this is… There are how many couples left, three? Really there’s only two. But that’s a secret I’ll never tell.’ Earlier this week Paige shared more details about her own break-up, labelling photos and videos of Adam, 27, putting his arms around other women as ‘shady’. She added that she ‘wasn’t comfortable in it’ and wanted to be ‘100% certain my guy is only about me and isn’t accessible to anybody else.’ There’s about to be new connections formed in front of our eyes though, with the latest season of Love Island hitting our screens next week. Aside from getting to see new host Maya Jama in action, there will be plenty of singletons entering the South African villa hoping to hit it off with another Islander. Love Island starts at 9pm on Monday January 16 on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague teases TV return following successful Love Island stint MORE : Love Island 2023 unveils huge twist ahead of show launch as viewers will vote for first bombshell 