Before you sign up to join a gym you’ll never go to, why not consider making some resolutions with a difference this year? If you’d like to make some small, meaningful changes, considering eco-conscious resolutions could be a great place to start. These are easy, sustainable ways to make live a greener lifestyle – which is needed now, more than ever. We asked experts to share some eco-conscious resolutions to inspire your own climate-saving changes. If you have a garden, let it grow wild This may sound unusual, but leaving your garden as it is (even just part of it), can help local eco-systems flourish, providing food and shelter for animals. ‘Letting the grass grow tall and the bushes and wild plants untrimmed creates an ideal environment for many wild critters,’ wildlife expert and publisher Tommy Wilde tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Otherwise, these are pushed further and further away from urban and suburban areas.’ One common animal helped by this are hedgehogs – and keeping your lawnmower away from part of your garden may help them to survive. ‘Hedgehogs are under threat in the UK,’ says Tommy. ‘However, all they need is some tall grass and some bushes to hide in, as well as some slugs, snails and insects to feast on.’ Swap single use plastic for reusable tote bags This tip is as important as ever if you want to reduce your carbon footprint. ‘Plastics take centuries to break down,’ sustainability business owner Nishtha Goel tells Metro.co.uk. ‘They are transformed into hazardous chemicals that have an extremely damaging effect on our environment.’ If you invest in a bag made of ‘natural materials,’ it’s one step you can take to ‘prevent mountains of plastic’ from ending up in landfills and ruining our planet, according to Nishtha. However, if buying reusable tote bags is hard at first, you can always start by reusing the plastic bags you’ve got at home. Use eco-friendly household products According to ecology expert Polly Arrowsmith, swapping household products for a more eco-friendly alternative is a good change to make in 2023. ‘A lot of household cleaning fluids contain chemicals that are harmful to any life,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘These chemicals can cause caustic burns, mutations, can concentrate in the body tissue of other species, and kill off plants and microorganisms.’ One key problem is that these products, once disposed, can change the pH balance in the environment for wildlife, which can be ‘devastating to life.’ But switching to eco-friendly products can help protect wildlife, and, as most are also ‘refill friendly’ it also cuts down waste. Use cruelty-free and vegan beauty products This means choosing products that haven’t been tested on animals and don’t contain any animal-derived ingredients. ‘Not only is this better for the animals, but it’s also better for your health as these products are often made with natural, non-toxic ingredients,’ founder and head Editor of Vegan Avenue Liis Hainla tells Metro.co.uk. ‘In addition to using cruelty-free and vegan products, you can also make a resolution to support companies that align with your values.’ Liis also recommends to look for brands that are transparent about their sourcing and manufacturing practices. ‘Consider supporting small, independent businesses that are making a positive impact,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five apps to help you go vegan this Veganuary MORE : Eyewear trends for 2023: Retro, bold and environmentally friendly frames MORE : Environment minister Zac Goldsmith ‘ran away from 11-year-old girl’ when she asked him about climate