Ambulance staff have said they feel ‘betrayed’ by the government’s ‘crude’ attempt to stop them from striking. In an open letter to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, the GMB union has called for a ‘constructive relationship’ in order to improve pay and working conditions for staff. It accused ministers of singling out ambulance workers and painting them as ‘uncaring about safety standards’. The letter came after Mr Sunak introduced the Strikes (Minimum Service Levels) Bill to Parliament, which would set minimum service levels for health, fire, education, transport, nuclear decommissioning, and border security. It is due to be considered again by MPs on Monday. Addressing the Parliament on Wednesday, Mr Sunak said: ‘What is terrifying is that right now people do not know whether, when they call 999, they will get the treatment they need.’ The union described the move as a ‘crude attempt’ to remove the right to strike, which made workers feel demonised. ‘We feel utterly betrayed by the way your government has singled out ambulance workers as part of a crude attempt to remove our right to strike,’ Steven Rice wrote on behalf of the GMB Ambulance Committee. ‘You and your ministers should be ashamed of the way you have tried to paint us as uncaring about safety standards – nothing could be further from the truth. ‘We want a constructive relationship with government – to talk about pay and seriously improve conditions throughout the ambulance service. But you are making us and our ambulance colleagues feel demonised.’ Thousands of ambulance workers are set to strike for 24 hours on Monday 23 January, after attempts to make a deal with Health Secretary Steve Barclay failed. Downing Street has insisted it is open to talks with unions. A spokesperson added: ‘However, we must keep the public safe, which is why we’re introducing minimum service and safety levels across a range of sectors to ensure that lives and livelihoods are not lost.’ The prime minister on Friday said he hopes to ‘find a way through’ the deadlock with unions to avert further industrial action. ‘I think with strikes, it’s important that we remain in strong dialogue with the unions, that’s why the government invited all union leaders in to have those discussions. ‘The discussions are ongoing and hopefully we can find a way through.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.