Fred Sirieix has responded to those Pigeon rumours for The Masked Singer UK and given fans a taste of his vocal talents. The feathery contestant wasn’t one of the six to sing during Saturday’s launch episode so there isn’t too much to go on, but there is some speculation the First Dates star could be behind the costume. One of the clues came as the character was introduced with the line, ‘It must be dove – it’s Pigeon’, which could be a potential romantic reference to a dating show. Asked about the rumours on Friday’s episode of Good Morning Britain, Fred refused to offer an answer either way, but admitted he’s partial to a big of pigeon in the kitchen. ‘I’m not gonna confirm or deny, but suffice to say that I love pigeon, especially when it’s cooked nice and pink! That’s all I’m gonna say,’ he coyly replied. He even agreed to give hosts Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway a taste of his singing talents as he belted out La Marseillais, and Ben reckons it’ll be quite obvious once Pigeon’s voice is heard. ‘That’s probably enough,’ he winced. ‘When we hear Pigeon eventually sing, we’ll know if it’s you very quickly, Fred.’ The Masked Singer continues on ITV this weekend after Chris Kamara became the first celebrity to be unmasked as he was revealed to be Ghost. Talking about his costume choice, he said in a post-show Q&A: ‘It resonated with me because it was so simple and fun. I just loved the concept and thought my grandkids would love it as well.’ Judges Rita Ora, Mo Gilligan, Davina McCall and Jonathan Ross will be tasked with trying to also guess the 13 celebrities across the season, with the likes of Cat & Mouse, Jellyfish, Knitting and Phoenix remain masked for the time being. Meanwhile, fans are certain that they’ve cracked the identity of Otter after the character sang the Baywatch theme song I’m Always Here, and some people believe it was Kate Bush belting out the song because of the unique vocals. ‘Can’t believe we live in a world where it’s entirely possible Kate Bush is on The Masked Singer UK,’ one viewer speculated, while another added: ‘I felt a fool suggesting it earlier but now I’m convinced that’s her voice and diction.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV1. The Masked Singer continues on Saturday at 7pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Davina McCall calls on Ant and Dec to join The Masked Singer judging panel MORE : The Masked Singer viewers baffled by Chris Kamara’s ‘cost of living crisis’ Ghost costume: ‘Did ITV run out of budget?’ 