It’s safe to say there’s a lot happening on ITV this January… Expect one-off programmes such as Prince Harry’s newly-aired chat with Tom Bradby, as well as six-part drama Maternal and game show Loaded In Paradise. Plenty of long-running fan favourites such as The Masked Singer (just who is Phoenix, though?), Dancing On Ice, and Winter Love Island 2023 will air this month, too. You’d need to be glued to the box to keep up with such a bustling schedule… so it’s fortunate that ITV has a streaming platform, ITVX, where you can watch these shows on catch up. But if you’re used to the old ITV Hub, just how do you get ITVX? Can you get it on your phone, too? Here’s how to get it downloaded. Keep in mind that ITVX has replaced former catch-up service ITV Hub. You might find that if you still have an ITV Hub app on the above Smart TVs and streaming sticks, that if you update the app, it will then be automatically changed to ITVX. The channel’s support website also adds: ‘We’re currently upgrading the ITV Hub app to our brand new ITVX experience across smart TVs, mobile apps and browsers.’ It’s currently available for XBox One, Series S and Series X consoles, too. If your phone or device uses Android (5.0 or up) or iOS (12.2 or later), then you should be able to get ITVX as an app. Head to the Google Play store or App Store respectively to download for free. For Android users, ITV notes that ‘Nexus 7, Lenovo M10, Hudl tablets and Kindle 3rd generation and older are not supported’. If you can’t get the app, simply visit itv.com on your laptop or computer to view, instead. ITVX is supported on laptops and computers running on Windows 8 or above, as well as Mac 10.12 Sierra or above – and works on browsers including Firefox, Google Chrome and Safari. Lastly, ITVX is free to download and watch, but if you want an ad-free Premium account (as well as access to more shows), you can get a seven-day free trial and then pay £5.99 per month or £59.99 per year. MORE : How does ITVX’s new reality series Loaded in Paradise work? MORE : Prince Harry’s divisive ITV interview smashed in TV viewing figures by Happy Valley MORE : Whether you’re a parent or a teenager, cast of ITVX’s Tell Me Everything explain why this modern-day Skins is the show for you Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below