The BBC have issued an apology after ‘porn noises’ rang out during their live coverage of Wolves vs Liverpool, with a YouTuber claiming responsibility for the prank. Pre-match coverage of the FA Cup third round replay on Tuesday evening was interrupted by the X-rated sound effects as host Gary Lineker attempted to discuss the match with studio guests Alan Shearer, Danny Murphy and Paul Ince. It continued intermittently for over 10 minutes before the Match of the Day host, who laughed off the incident, handed coverage over to the commentary team at kick-off. Shortly after, Lineker revealed the source of the noises was from what appeared to be a small mobile phone hidden in the studio. Alongside a picture of the phone, Lineker tweeted: ‘Well, we found this taped to the back of the set. As sabotage goes it was quite amusing.’ The BBC have since issued an official apology, with a short statement reading: ‘We apologise to any viewers offended during the live coverage of the football this evening. We are investigating how this happened.’ YouTuber and prankster Jarvo69 has now taken credit for the incident, sharing a video of it being carried out. In the video, Jarvo is seen repeatedly calling the phone, with its ring tone blaring out in the BBC studio. In another clip shared on his Twitter account, Jarvo was able to gain access to the studio at Molineux earlier in the day when the device may have been planted. Jarvo was banned from sporting events for two years in October 2022 after he ran onto the pitch during a Test match between England and India at the Oval, barging into Jonny Bairstow in the process. Following the incident in the studio, there was more drama on the night with a local power cut leading to the referee’s communication with VAR going down and the floodlights at Molineux briefly going out. Former England and Newcastle United striker Shearer, on commentary duty, commented during the match: ‘It’s all going off tonight, floodlights going off and Danny Murphy’s phone going off in the studio. What else can happen?’ Wolves held Liverpool to a 2-2 draw at Anfield on 7 January, forcing Tuesday night’s replay with Harvey Elliot scoring the game’s only goal to send Jurgen Klopp’s side through to the fourth round. MORE : BBC’s live coverage of Wolves vs Liverpool interrupted by ‘porn noises’ after secret device is hidden in studio MORE : Emmanuel Petit claims the loss of Sadio Mane is to blame for Liverpool’s decline For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 