New opportunities and encounters are on the horizon, but you’ve got to strike while the iron’s hot. The Sun’s electrifying alignment with Uranus could spell sudden changes, or new ways of thinking, that will alter the course of life for those born under many signs. Alternatively, the Moon in Cancer could compel some – especially Aries and Leo – to take some time out for a bit of pampering. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 5, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 There’s a sense of excitement in the air, Aries. The Sun/Uranus link could coincide with an offer or opportunity that you truly hadn’t expected, but that might make a positive difference to your life. You’ll need to snap it up fast, otherwise it will be gone before you know it. Plus, the Moon in your home zone, and its link to Jupiter, can inspire you to create a truly indulgent feast. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Keen to do something constructive, that might make a difference to the coming year? If this is the case, the Sun’s alignment with maverick Uranus in your sign suggests honing your skills or learning newer and more relevant ones. It will help you to excel at your specialty and stand out from the crowd. You’re in the mood to take on a challenge, and you may do so on impulse. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 It can be so deeply interesting to browse the Internet or watch programs that reveal slices of life you never knew about. Venus’s lingering tie to Jupiter may find you so fascinated by something or someone you’ll be eager to know more. If you’re genuinely excited about the possibilities ahead, don’t ignore this. Ready to let go of something? It will be a big relief. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Someone’s perspective could be like a wake-up call, inspiring you to change things that seem less than satisfactory. The more you spend time with them, the more you’ll be ready to take the plunge and make decisions you’ve been putting off for a while. A key aspect encourages you to disregard any fears and take consistent steps to create the future and the life that you want. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 An unexpected offer may be perfect for you. If you’ve been looking for a way to make the most of your talents and showcase your unique skills, this might be it. Even so, with Mercury in its retro phase, make sure you cover all the bases. You don’t want to miss out. The Moon in sensitive Cancer could inspire a time of relaxation and a chance for a little self-care, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Have an exciting project on the go? The Sun’s tie with Uranus suggests it may be wise to avoid overcomplicating it, and opt for a simple and innovative approach instead. The more you’re willing to think out of the box, the better it could turn out. There’s also potential for an encounter that might open your eyes to something you didn’t know. You’ll be so glad you found out, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A cash surprise could show up just when you need it most. If you wanted a sum of money to pay a bill, purchase a gift for someone or even to treat yourself, it might be very handy. It’s also possible you’ll come up with a brilliant idea for a home business or the solution to an issue. A flash of inspiration may show up and supply the enthusiasm to do whatever is necessary, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A conversation could be very enlightening and might leave you wondering why you’ve been so worried about something when there’s no need to be. This person’s outlook may help you more than you know, if it allows you to relax and not be bothered. As a sign, you can focus intensely and ponder ideas and outcomes that never materialise. This might be a call to relax more, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Conversations may help confirm new and exciting plans as this can be a great day for brainstorming, Archer. You might be amazed as original answers, solutions and brilliant ideas show up. There is also the chance of an encounter, or perhaps a date, that you’ll really enjoy. Ready to snap up promising opportunities? Stay alert, as they could show up out of the blue. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The solution to a personal issue may be simpler than you think. You might be making it more complex because you can’t see an easy way out, Capricorn. Asking someone who is not involved might be a revelation, as a fresh perspective could resolve it. You may still have to put in the effort, but knowing you’re on track can bring peace of mind. You’ll be so pleased you’ve sorted it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Something that’s been kept quiet could come out into the open, and knowing about it may be a relief. It might be a family secret or something that’s been a mystery to you that you’ve struggled to understand. The positive line-up between the Sun and Uranus in private zones, suggests that if you’ve felt at all guilty in this regard, you can stop now and move forward with a lighter step. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The coming days look to be busy but promising in so many ways, especially as the Sun makes a dazzling aspect to trendsetter Uranus. Opportunities can show up as you mingle and enjoy key events. Plus, you could be attracted to someone who has unique qualities, almost instantly. Keen to be friends? Nurture this bond Pisces, and it could entertain and surprise you for some time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 1 to January 7 MORE : All the key astrological dates in January – and what they mean for you