Harry Styles leads the nominations at next month’s Brit Awards – and he’ll also perform at the bash, bosses confirmed today. One Way or Another, the One Direction heartthrob will rule the UK’s biggest night in music when it returns to the O2 in London on February 11. It is yet to be revealed what Hazza has up his sleeve for the show – we just hope guests leave their bags of Skittles at home. The 28-year-old chart-topper is set to add to his trophy cabinet after receiving a benchmark-setting four nods. He could come out on top in the artist of the year category, against Stormzy, George Ezra, Central Cee and the buzzed-about Fred Again… His acclaimed third album, Harry’s House, is in contention for album of the year, facing stiff competition from Stormzy’s This Is What I Mean, The 1975’s Being Funny in a Foreign Language, Wet Leg’s self-titled offering, and Actual Life 3, from Fred Again… Harry scored noms for best pop/rnb act and song of the year, too, for his smash As It Was, where he’ll battle it out with the likes of Sam Smith and Kim Petras’s Unholy and Lewis Capaldi’s Forget Me. And humble Capaldi, 26, doesn’t believe he stands a chance against his rival – upon hearing the news, he quipped: ‘I very much look forward to seeing Harry accept the award.’ In terms of stats alone, the former X Factor contestant should be the frontrunner: Harry’s House remains the biggest-selling album of the year in the UK, and hasn’t dropped from the top 10 since its release in May. Similarly, earworm As It Was is the biggest-selling single of the year with almost a whopping two billion streams. Also tapped to take to the stage at the ceremony, in association with Mastercard, are Wet Leg, making a splash after matching Harry’s four nominations, and Sam and Kim. The annual extravaganza is being held for a Saturday for the first time in its history, and will be hosted by a returning Mo Gilligan – we’re expecting many memorable Mo-ments. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 