Who doesn’t want their hair to be the healthiest it can be? Jonathan Van Ness, celebrity hairstylist and founder of haircare brand JVN, says there are simple steps to live by if that’s your goal. If you do these things often, hair shouldn’t need heavier or more costly products to retain its health. Treating your hair as well as you treat your skin – otherwise known as the skinification of hair – is a growing trend, and the results pay off. Here’s what to do. This is where everything starts. Jonathan recommends using oil on the scalp before washing. They say: ‘Taking care of your scalp is a great way to make sure that the overall health of your hair improves. ‘When the hair follicles are clogged, new hair can’t get through. ‘Apply it all over your scalp, massage it in for 15 minutes and then wash it out.’ Next, you need to make sure your hair is protected from heat. Jonathan says: ‘Yes, heat protection is an essential part of the hair care routine. ‘I’ve had so many clients who have asked me not to apply any product because they want their blow dry to last longer; but in reality, not putting any product on hair and then heat styling is the quickest way to prevent a blow dry from lasting. ‘You damage your hair; your haircut won’t last as long, and colour will fade faster. ‘It’s not healthy for its long-term health. ‘Make sure you’re using a silicone-free heat protectant that doesn’t build up on the hair – you won’t believe how much better it will look.’ You’ve been warned. A mask can do wonders for the hair – just like it can for your face. Jonathan says: ‘Try incorporating a moisturising hair mask into your routine two to three times a week, it really makes a positive difference to the condition of hairand keeps the lengths soft and supple. ‘It’s a good tip for heat and colour-treated hair too as that needs more intensive nourishment, more often.’ Jonathan recommends getting a wide-toothed comb. They say: ‘Everyone needs one of these to consistently distribute conditioner throughout their hair in the shower. ‘You can’t just apply conditioner with your fingers, you’ve got to use a wide tooth comb to really pull it evenly throughout your hair in the shower.’ Think about your hair before you sleep. They explain: ‘You spend about a third of your life sleeping, so my top tip – sleep with your hair up. ‘When you’re tossing and turning your hair is getting stuck in all these positions and getting tangled, plus your body is like a 37°C flat iron when you lie on your hair. ‘This combination of friction and heat can lead to lots of damage and frizz. ‘Loosely gather your hair – no tension because that can create hairline breakage – into a swirly top bun, and then secure with a scrunchie. Treat yourself to a silk one. ‘It’s a really good way to help your hair get longer and healthierand prevent frizz.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Your colour but better’ is the new big hair trend of 2023