Prince Harry has opened up about a possible return to the Royal Family after his move to California with his wife, Meghan Markle. Ahead of the launch of his tell-all memoir, Spare, the Duke of Sussex has given two big interviews about the rift with his dad, King Charles, and his older brother, Prince William. Several dramatic outtakes have been released from his conversation with CBS’s Anderson Cooper to be aired on Sunday. ‘Can you see a day when you would return as a full-time member of the Royal Family?’ he asks the prince. Without skipping a beat, he replied with a definitive ‘No’, shattering any hopes left that he and Meghan will return to the monarchy. Another clip shows Harry opening up about the ‘betrayal’ by Buckingham Palace. He says: ‘Every single time I’ve tried to do it privately, there have been briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. ‘The family motto is “never complain, never explain”, but it is just a motto. ‘They [Buckingham Palace] will feed or have a conversation with a correspondent, and that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write the story, and at the bottom of it, they will say they have reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment. ‘But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. ‘So when we’re being told for the last six years, “we can’t put a statement out to protect you”, but you do it for other members of the family, there becomes a point when silence is betrayal.’ Filmed in California where Harry now lives, the interview has been described as the first on US television about his autobiography. It is set to discuss his childhood, the loss of his mother and life as the Duke of Sussex living in the UK and now abroad. In the UK, he is due to be interviewed by ITV’s Tom Bradby, whom he has known since he was a teenager. The two interviews come just two days ahead of his book hitting the shelves, on Tuesday, January 10. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.