A barber shop owner who sent £25,000 to Islamic State (IS) fighters in Syria after claiming thousands of pounds in COVID grants has been jailed for 12 years. Tarek Namouz, 43, from west London, had received money from the government to assist his business, Boss Crew Barbers, during the coronavirus pandemic, and lived in a third-floor flat above the shop. He had been earlier found guilty at Kingston Crown Court of eight counts of funding terrorism and two counts of possessing information likely to be useful for terrorism. After Judge Peter Lodder KC handed down the sentence on Thursday, which included a further year on extended licence, Namouz expressed his thanks to the judge but shouted ‘May Allah destroy you’ at officers. He had been accused of sending money – intended to fund a militia in Syria – on dates between November 2020 and April 2021, the court heard. Officers identified seven transfers with a total of about £11,280. While on remand, he was recorded telling someone visiting him in prison he had sent around £25,000, the court was told. When police raided the barber’s shop in Blythe Road, Olympia, prosecutors say they found cash and a hidden mobile phone. The phone contained messages to a contact in Syria, an IS bomb-making video and a video showing how to kill with a knife. Namouz lived in a third-floor flat above the shop. Commander Richard Smith, who leads the Met’s counter-terrorism command, said: ‘Terrorist groups rely on funding to carry out their activities and to continue to operate. ‘People like Namouz who provide money to terrorist groups – both in the UK and overseas – are enabling others to go and commit serious and deadly attacks, and we will always pursue and investigate those people and seek to bring them to justice.’ Judge Peter Lodder KC said Namouz had demonstrated a ‘commitment to terrorism’ and planned to ‘re-establish a state run in accordance with extreme Islamic principles’. ‘In 2020 and 2021 you ran a barber’s shop in Hammersmith,’ he said. ‘You were entitled to Covid bounce back loans which were paid to you by the local council. ‘You sent that money, and other money, through a west London transfer and currency exchange, to terrorists in Syria.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.