Roy Keane has shut down talk of a Manchester United resurgence and is still ‘not convinced’ by Erik ten Hag’s side. United have won all four of their games across all competitions since the season restarted following the conclusion of the World Cup in Qatar – and had not conceded a goal prior to the FA Cup clash against Everton – with some even tipping Ten Hag’s team for a title charge. United have only lost one of their last 16 competitive matches and look a different side since the Dutchman arrived at Old Trafford in the summer. They are currently fourth in the Premier League with the same number of points as third-placed Newcastle (35) and will move above the Magpies if they win their game in hand. United are also just four points behind second-placed Manchester City and nine points off leaders Arsenal as they prepare to face Pep Guardiola’s side on January 14. But United legend Keane has played down talk of a United resurgence as he told ITV: ‘They are on a good run and they are unbeaten recently but they haven’t really played anyone. ‘They have Man City coming up in a few weeks and Arsenal of course, but I’m still not convinced, I think the problems are still there at the back, I’m not convinced with the goalkeeper [David de Gea]. ‘They are better obviously than last year that wouldn’t have been hard, the Ronaldo situation has been cleared up which I am sure will help the situation, but again I think they have had some cushy games to experiment with.’ Keane was speaking ahead of United’s third-round FA Cup clash against Everton and his criticism of De Gea was somewhat timely, with the goalkeeper making a howler of a mistake in the first-half which led to a goal for the visiting Toffees. Everton’s Neal Maupay tried to cross from a narrow angle and the Spaniard inexplicably let the ball through his legs, leaving it for Conor Coady to tap in as United conceded for the first time since November. MORE : Erik ten Hag drops hint over who will replace Harry Maguire as Manchester United captain MORE : Jack Butland sends message to David de Gea after completing Man Utd move 