Piers Morgan made an explosive return to his TalkTV show on Monday night and locked horns with Trisha Goddard over Prince Harry’s denial that he accused the Royal family of racism before going on to offer his very own definition. The Duke Of Sussex shot down claims that he had called his relatives racist in his ITV interview with Tom Bradby on Sunday, two years after he and wife Meghan Markle alleged that an unnamed family member voiced concerns over the colour of their son, Archie’s skin colour. During his latest sit down chat with Bradby, Prince Harry was asked to elaborate on the comments he and Meghan made to Oprah Winfrey in 2020. ‘You accused members of your family of racism,’ Bradby asked to which Prince Harry replied: ‘No I didn’t, the British press said that.’ Prince Harry then asked Bradby: ‘Did Meghan ever mention that they’re racist?’ Bradby repeated Meghan’s claim that there ‘troubling comments about Archie’s skin colour.’ ‘There was – there was concern about his skin colour,’ the Duke of Sussex said. He was then asked: ‘Wouldn’t you describe that as essentially racist?’ Prince Harry cryptically responded: ‘I wouldn’t, not having lived within that family.’ Goddard defended Prince Harry during an appearance on Piers Morgan’s Uncensored prompting an almighty clash with the host. ‘I didn’t hear Harry or Meghan use the word racism, I heard you use it, I heard the press use it, I didn’t actually hear them use the word,’ Goddard began. She then proceeded to recall the heated exchange she had with Morgan on Good Morning Britain two years ago in the aftermath of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s Oprah interview. ‘What I said to you when we had that robust exchange of words, I do get fed up with other people, white people, labelling what is and isn’t racist to Black people,’ she said. ‘If they did actually use the word racism, I would be agreeing.’ Morgan wasn’t happy with Goddard’s response though and was quick to brand her remarks ‘utterly ridiculous’. ‘I’ll tell you what racism is,’ he snapped, with Goddard responding: ‘Oh good, let me get comfortable. Piers Morgan is about to lecture a Black woman about racism.’ ‘I’m about to give you an example of racism as a middle-aged white man, who I know is the enemy to you’ he pressed on. ‘An example of racism would be somebody expressing concern about the skin colour of a baby from a mixed-race marriage and when the interviewer then says if it was darker that would be a problem, yes you may think that, that is an example of somebody expressing racism,’ he stated. ‘To you!’ Goddard pointed out. ‘For you to shamelessly sit there and pretend that wasn’t what they meant is utter bilge,’ Morgan fired back. Goddard attempted to explain her point, and added: ‘If there were more Black people in the media, they may have had the opportunity to look into that and explain it a little bit more.’ ‘I didn’t see it as racism and that’s why I got cross as you decided to label it racism.’ But as an increasingly irate Morgan spoke over his guest, she retorted: ‘See this is the problem: when a Black person attempts to talk about this in other than headline news, when I’m trying to have a reasoned conversation, I get shouted over. ‘Why is my experience, or what Black people experience, why do we have no currency?’ Some food for thought… Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 