From how to love unconditionally to living a simple life, dogs carry around centuries of wisdom with them. But did you know they can also provide some great parenting tips? According to therapist Eli Harwood (@attachmentnerd) we should be looking closer to home when it comes to learning how to raise our kids: namely, in the dog bed. In a video clip posted on her Instagram page, Eli shares one crucial tip that she has learned from her pets. ‘Here’s one that I practise every single day,’ she wrote in the caption. ‘And my kids do it back to me and each other. I can feel this protective wall of delight surrounding us all. ‘I hope this same connection culture for you and yours in this upcoming year 2023.’ In the video Eli says that she has been a family therapist for over 15 years. ‘I have a really good tip for all you parents out there,’ she continued. ‘But I didn’t learn it in grad school and I didn’t learn it in a clinic. I learned it from a dog. ‘You know that thing they do when you come home. Actually they do it when you walk into the room.’ Eli then mimics a dog’s excitable physical reaction to the appearance of their owner. ‘Do that with your kids,’ she added. ‘When they are young. When they walk into the room you light up. ‘And when they see you light up, what happens inside of them is they feel delightful. And when we feel delightful, we feel worthy and we feel confident and we don’t get stuck on the parts of ourselves that are imperfect. ‘Because we know we belong. And you gotta do it when they are young because when they become teenagers, they turn into cats. ‘You can’t be a dog anymore when they are a teenager because you will scare the cat away.’ Many in the comments agreed with Eli’s advice and said they done similar with their own kids. ‘Oh, I’ve been doing this since my daughter was born. No matter how hard my day was, I am always excited to see her and shower her all of the love,’ wrote one user. Meanwhile, others shared the positive impact such parenting had on them. ‘This is true. I’m 30 and my parents literally look at me like I’m the most precious thing in the world,’ commented a viewer. While a second added: ‘This is how I was raised and I’m so thankful for it. It created a feeling of unconditional love and even after my mom’s passing, I feel such confidence because she made me feel so capable, important and loved.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The parenting method that can make your child more independent MORE : How to adopt amicable parenting following a breakup MORE : Woman with chronic pain and no desire to have kids gets hysterectomy at 28