A student nurse has appeared in court after being accused of plotting a terrorist attack on an RAF base in Yorkshire. Mohammad Farooq, 27, was allegedly inspired by radical Islam and Jihad when he carried out ‘hostile reconnaissance’ on the base on January 10 and 18 after conducting online research. Prosecutors say he chose the target because of online encouragement to carry out a ‘lone wolf’ attack at the site. Farooq is said to have constructed a viable bomb made from a pressure cooker, 13.7 kilos of a homemade low explosive mixture and a length of pyrotechnic fuse. He was arrested in the early hours of last Friday outside the maternity unit at St James’s University Hospital in Leeds, where he had been due to work a shift. Farooq is said to have told a man he ‘felt like killing everyone’ before showing him a gun, then told police officers he had a bomb. His actions at the hospital are not alleged to have been motivated by terrorism but a grudge towards another member of staff. Appearing in court on Friday, Farooq spoke to confirm his name, address and date of birth but was not asked to enter pleas to the three charges he faces. Farooq is charged with one count of engaging in conduct with the intention of committing acts of terrorism between July 12 and last year and January 20. Prosecutor Mark Luckett said he allegedly had instructions to assemble a homemade explosive device, bought equipment and made the bomb, researched the RAF base online, and engaged in reconnaissance of the alleged target. He is also charged with possessing an explosive substance, and faces a further count of possessing an imitation firearm: a Gediz 9mm PAK semi-automatic pistol; with intent to cause fear of violence on the same date. There was no application for bail and chief magistrate Paul Goldspring remanded him in custody ahead of his next appearance at the Old Bailey next Friday. Detective Chief Superintendent James Dunkerley, head of Counter Terrorism Policing North East, said after Farooq was charged: ‘We understand people may have concerns following last week’s arrest and the resulting charges. ‘For counter terrorism policing and its partners, public safety remains our priority at all times and an extensive and thorough investigation has led to the charges brought today. ‘These inquiries have confirmed our initial assessment that this was an isolated incident.’ ‘We’re grateful for the support we’ve received from the public during this investigation. We’d particularly like to thank the staff and patients at St James’s Hospital for their patience and co-operation throughout the disruption last Friday.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.