Vast numbers of electric blankets sold on four of the biggest online marketplaces fail to meet basic UK safety standards, new research suggests. People have flocked toward bargain hunting websites for heated sheets, body warmers, throws and shawls in hope of reducing their central heating usage amid soaring energy bills. But two organisations have warned online shoppers are at risk from dodgy or downright ‘dangerous’ products, some of which could cause electric shocks. Consumer group Which? tested 11 electric blankets, throws and shawls bought on Amazon, eBay, Wish and AliExpress from third-party sellers. Nine of them were so poorly made or labelled that they don’t meet safety regulations that products need to meet to be sold legally in the UK. Seven failed Which?’s build quality tests due to issues such as electric wires that could be pulled out with little force, or wiring covered in sealant instead of electrical tubing. Besides safety issues, many items were found to have abysmal electrical efficiency or such small heating elements that they would fail to keep most people warm. Three items, all sold on Chinese retailer AliExpress for between £13 and 21, posed a risk of electrocution because of plug adapters which were ‘designed so badly that you risk a shock simply by plugging it in’. Nine of the products did not have markings certifying that they meet UK or European safety standards. Meanwhile, the charity Electrical Safety First found several ‘highly dangerous’ electrical products for sale on the same platforms as well as Facebook marketplace. Which? said the risky products were removed after it flagged them with the online marketplaces, which all claimed they are proactively trying to comply with safety standards. Both watchdogs are calling for tougher regulation to make platforms more accountable for the products sold on their sites. Electrical Safety First chief Lesley Rudd told Metro.co.uk: ‘Online marketplaces such as Amazon Marketplace and eBay currently operate outside of the law that high street retailers are subject to. ‘This means they have no responsibility for the sale of unsafe goods on their platform and have no legal obligation to inform consumers who have bought a potentially lethal electrical item.’ The charity is calling for new laws to force web giants to ‘take reasonable steps to ensure products sold via their platforms are safe’. In the past, consumer watchdogs have urged shoppers to look out for a UKCA mark or a CE mark, which show that products comply with environmental and safety standards in the UK or EU respectively. ‘If it’s missing, alarm bells should ring,’ Which? explains. But experts believe it’s increasingly redundant in the age of web shopping. Ms Rudd explains: ‘These marks are not reliable alone to determine something is safe as unscrupulous sellers will frequently imitate this mark on their goods. ‘The best way to protect yourself when buying electric blankets is to stick to reputable high street retailers or by going directly to their online website. That way you can be confident that reasonable steps have been taken to ensure the product you are buying is safe. ‘Much of the risk when shopping online comes from overseas third party sellers via online marketplaces such as Amazon Marketplace, eBay and Wish’. Electrical Safety First also warns against buy second-hand blankets at all as they may no longer meet safety standards. Once you’ve bought a safe blanket, it’s crucial to use and maintain it safely. Here are some more tips from the charity on how to do so: A full guide on safety tips for electric blanket shopping and maintenance is available on the charity’s website here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.