Even though it was nearly six years ago now, I will always remember the shock I felt when my sonographer told me the sex of my unborn baby at my 12-week scan. At that point, I hadn’t given any real thought as to whether I was having a girl or a boy. Having fallen pregnant while honeymooning in Sri Lanka with my husband Tom, it’d all happened so quickly and seemed so surreal. I wouldn’t have been that surprised if our at-home test had proved to be wrong and the sonographer said that there was no baby in there at all. But instead, Tom and I were told we were having a boy. Given how taken aback I was, it suddenly became obvious to me that I’d subconsciously been expecting to have a girl. Having grown up with a sister, all I’d known were Barbies, My Little Ponies and Care Bears. It seemed like a whole different place, the ‘boy world’. The world of football, Lego and dinosaurs – things I had very little experience in. And as my husband and I walked back to the train station afterwards, I started to genuinely worry about bonding with my baby. These feelings were something – one of the very few things – that I didn’t share with Tom. Or indeed anyone. I didn’t want people to think I didn’t love our baby, or that I was having any regrets. And, as a first-time expectant mum, I certainly didn’t want to be judged. My… not quite worries – perhaps ‘concerns’ is the best word, felt superficial – barely worth talking about. But they were definitely there. Luckily, it didn’t take long for the news to sink in or for me to realise that having a baby in the 2010’s was very different to having one in the 1980s, when I was born. These days, boys don’t necessarily have to be ‘blue’ and girls certainly don’t have to be ‘pink’. Babies could be any colour of the rainbow they wanted – and it was up to parents to expose them to as many shades as we could. However, last month, when I read how Nikki Jurcutz admitted she felt ‘sad’ that her third (unborn) baby was a boy, it reminded me of just how much my baby’s sex had caught me off-guard – reminded me of those very real feelings that I’d once had. The paramedic opened up that she, her husband and her daughter were all suffering from gender disappointment – the feelings of sadness experienced when soon-to-be parents discover their baby’s sex is the opposite to the one they wanted or expected. ‘It’s a taboo topic for sure but last night 11k people admitted that they experienced it, whether it was a slight ohh or severe disappointment, and another 6k said they only didn’t because they got what they wanted but otherwise would have,’ she wrote in a post on Instagram, saying her numbers came from a poll she’d conducted herself. And she’s not wrong to describe it as taboo. I hadn’t talked to anyone about how I’d felt, censoring myself even from my husband, because we’re all meant to tow the line of ‘I don’t care what it is, as long as it’s healthy’. Which is of course the main priority, but given the number of forums, articles, opinion pieces and advice dedicated to gender disappointment, it obviously is a very real issue. ‘We wanted a little girl, for many reasons and that’s OK, and it’s OK to feel sad that we are saying goodbye to that idea,’ Nikki explained. ‘The sadness you feel can coexist with excitement.’ For a lot of people, it’s a case of readjusting what they hoped, or believed, their baby – and their life as parents and a family – was going to look like, and that can take time. It was certainly the case with me. As soon as Theo was born, his sex was immediately the least important part of him. It was his silky soft skin, his unusually large feet, the way he fit so perfectly into my arms and, as he grew older over the following weeks and months, his infectious smile, his complete and utter contentment with life, his happy brown eyes… I didn’t see him as a boy, just as… him. Just Theo. So much so that, when I found out I was carrying a girl in my second pregnancy, I was just as thrown as I was the first time. I felt exactly the same nausea as I had in my first pregnancy and my bump was just the same shape, so I’d presumed we were having another boy. But this time, it was more about the practical issues of sorting out which of the clothes I’d kept from Theo’s early days that I could reuse and what I’d need to rebuy. So if you’ve recently found out your baby’s sex, and you’re feeling upset, disappointed, surprised or just a bit… knocked, please know – that’s OK. Nikki put it perfectly. ‘We have to stop telling women that we should or shouldn’t feel a certain way. We don’t always feel what we expect or want to feel, that’s life… Humans are complex and if we all aim to be accepting and allow people to feel their feelings without judgement, we are doing important work towards modelling emotional intelligence for our little ones.’ Now that Theo is five and Immy is three, both of them are completely their own people. So complex, so unique, so amazing. And their sex has nothing to do with that. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Katie Piper sparks Ofcom complaints after reaction to ‘goth baby’ on Loose Women MORE : Delivery driver left box full of Hello Fresh food on top of sleeping baby MORE : Graeme calls for more baby Graemes to stop the extinction of Graeme