Tammy Slaton gave a glimpse into her relationship with Caleb Willingham after the pair got married in a surprise ceremony. The 1000Lb Sisters star tied the knot with her beau at a rehab center in November following a whirlwind romance, with their nuptials set to unfold on the upcoming series of the TLC series. Ahead of the season four premiere, on January 17, the 36-year-old shared a TikTok as she serenaded her new husband. Caleb posted a ‘duet’ video, showing the reality favorite working out, with the message: ‘My angel hard at work!’ ‘I love you,’ she simply captioned the brief clip. Fans were living for the upload and flooded the comments section with praise for Tammy. A follower penned: ‘You’re doing so amazing Tammy!!! I love you!!’ ‘Tammyyy I’m so proud of you,’ another agreed. ‘Yes letsss gooo Tammmyyyy [sic],’ one enthused. ‘Looking great!!!’ ‘Your an inspiration @Tammy willingham,’ a TikTok user said. ‘I’ve watched your journey since the beginning! YOU GO GIRL [sic].’ ‘So happy for you both and way to go Tammy,’ a fan added. Tammy made headlines this week when a new clip of 1000Lb Sisters emerged ahead of the premiere later this month, showing the moment she was rushed to hospital – while sister Amy Slaton feared: ‘Her body shut down’. She stopped breathing at a weight loss facility – leaving her family fearing for her life, and doctors suggesting that they should start preparing for the worst. Thankfully, she woke up and was able to recover enough to return to the rehab center and continue her treatment. Speaking in a new interview, Tammy explained that she has learned a lot and changed since those tough scenes were filmed. ‘My near-death experience has taught me not to take life for granted,’ she told People Magazine. ‘I now live my life how I want to and not how others want me to. ‘It has also mellowed me out. I try harder to not get mad as easily and try to figure out a way around the situation. ‘I’m grabbing the bull by the horns and taking control of my life again and not letting my body defeat me.’ ‘I told y’all that this wasn’t the end of me,’ she added. ‘The new and improved Tammy is on the way.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jessie J over the moon as she announces pregnancy after miscarriage heartbreak: ‘I just want to ugly cry in public’ MORE : Louis Tomlinson ‘splits from long-time girlfriend Eleanor Calder’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 