Molly-Mae Hague has broken her social media silence as fans wait for an update on the birth of her baby with boyfriend Tommy Fury. The influencer, 23, opened her Instagram account to send Kate Ferdinand well wishes after the former Towie star announced she was expecting her second child with football legend Rio Ferdinand. In the lead-up to her speculated due date, the star has remained uncharacteristically silent on her socials, leaving her 6.9million followers in the lurch. Despite continuing the break on her own channels, Molly-Mae typed a sweet comment to Kate after she posted a sweet video revealing she was pregnant on Sunday. Underneath the black and white footage that was uploaded alongside the caption: ‘We’ve been praying for you … [sic],’ the PrettyLittleThing creative director penned: ‘Congratulations Kate.’ Fans were quick to pick up on the note from the former Love Island star and speculation about whether the young couple had welcomed their first child was rife. One user wrote: ‘We’re waiting for your announcement to say you’ve had baby,’ while another commented: ‘She hasn’t had the baby – Tommy’s to refreshed in the face for a newborn baby and he wouldn’t of made a trip to London so soon after his first borns arrival [sic].’ Others wondered whether she was waiting for a professional photoshoot to announce the baby’s birth and typed: ‘That’s why they aren’t announcing it. Waiting for the magazine deal [sic],’ and ‘Why does she need a magazine to announce it they should do it themselves- it’s all about the money [sic]’. The star has remained tight-lipped over intimate details of her pregnancy and hasn’t given away any hints as to when fans could expect to see the Fury baby. Molly-Mae has offered her audience little glimpses into the last nine months on YouTube and through caption updates on Instagram. Recently, the fashionable mum-to-be shared what she was taking with her to the hospital in a video. In the vlog, she could be seen packing her bags – which included a Louis Vuitton suitcase – ahead of her daughter’s arrival. The partner of boxer Tommy revealed she had chosen to give birth in London: ‘I haven’t spoken about this yet but I’m having baby girl in London. ‘I’m hoping it will make sense as to why it may look like I’m packing excessively. ‘We decided to have our birth there for privacy reasons and to try and make us feel the most comfortable and secure. The main reason is for privacy.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tommy Fury addresses rumours Molly-Mae Hague has given birth to baby girl MORE : Pregnant Molly-Mae Hague reveals what’s inside hospital bag ahead of baby’s birth, and she’s really thought of everything 