The mum of an eight-year-old boy who died of Strep A earlier this month has revealed he had previously been sent home from hospital twice. Sajida Jabeen, 39, described her son Mohammad Izaan Danish being left ‘suffocating’ on the waiting room floor during one of the visits, as he suffered severe chest pains. She claimed doctors at Bradford Royal Infirmary (BRI) only gave him doses of ibuprofen and a nebulizer after she had waited for up to six hours. The full extent of Mohammad’s illness was only acknowledged, she said, after she took her worsening son to their GP and the ‘shocked’ doctor said he needed to be rushed to hospital. But just over three weeks later, he succumbed to the virus that has so far taken the lives of around 30 children in the UK. The hospital trust has now confirmed it will conduct a ‘thorough investigation’ into Mohammad’s death. Ms Jabeen said: ‘I’m angry. He was on the floor, suffocating with chest pain and a temperature. He couldn’t even lie down. There was no place for him. ‘They could have taken more care of him and taken him into a ward or something.’ She added: ‘He was just really friendly and happy, always smiling.’ The mum-of-three, who is from Bradford, first took Mohammad to BRI on December 10, the day after he started coughing and developing a temperature. She said they waited for between four and six hours to be seen, and then he was just given ibuprofen. According to Ms Jabeen, the treatment was similar when she returned the following day after her son began experiencing chest pains. She had a GP appointment booked for December 12, and while there she was told Mohammad needed to return to hospital as soon as possible. She said: ‘The doctor was really, really shocked. He was really poorly. ‘He said: “Why didn’t you take him to the hospital?” I said, “I have been taking him but they’re not really doing that much.” ‘I quickly took him to the hospital. He had given me a note, and I gave it to them. They started checking on him, and that was it.’ He was admitted to BRI later that day, and transferred to Leeds General Infirmary on December 13. Mohammad died from pneumonia Strep A on January 6. Ms Jabeen said: ‘He really liked playing football. He was a fan of Manchester United. He wanted to do lots of things. He was a happy kid. ‘He was in year four, and he loved learning. He liked his teachers and his friends.’ Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust’s Chief Medical Officer, Dr Ray Smith, said: ‘I would like to send our sincere and heartfelt condolences to Izaan’s parents on the tragic death of their son. ‘I will conduct a thorough investigation and the findings will be shared with Izaan’s parents once completed.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.