Two people were killed when a small plane leaving New York City’s John F Kennedy Airport crashed about 40 miles from the city. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) reported that two people died in a plane crash on Thursday near the town of Armonk, New York. The single-engine A36 Beechcraft Bonanza crashed near Westchester County Airport, a small regional airfield located in the county just north of the Bronx. The airport is located about 40 miles north of JFK. The plane took off from JFK around 5pm, and reported oil pressure issues to flight traffic controllers at 5.25pm. According to the FAA, around 6.15pm the pilot ‘reported possible engine issues before FAA traffic controllers lost radar and radio contact with the aircraft.’ The plane was less than two miles away from Westchester Airport. The aircraft was traveling from New York to Cuyahoga County Airport just north of Cleveland, Ohio. Local emergency service personnel immediately began search and rescue efforts. They eventually located the downed aircraft in trees near Rye Lake – which sits adjacent to Westchester Airport. The FAA said it was not immediately clear what caused the crash. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) will conduct and investigation into the circumstances. Thursday’s crash is just the latest serious aviation accident connected to JFK Airport in the last few days. Last Friday, a Delta jet airliner taking of for the Dominican Republic nearly collided with a taxiing American Airlines jet headed to London. Audio from air traffic control during the harrowing incident was recorded and released later this week. The NTSB is also investigating this incident. Then on Wednesday morning, a taxiing JetBlue airliner taking off for Puerto Rico collided with another parked JetBlue aircraft. No injuries or damage were reported, but authorities are investigating this accident as well. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.