The prime minister has repeatedly dodged questions on whether he uses private healthcare over the struggling NHS. Rishi Sunak insisted his own healthcare is ‘not really relevant’, as Brits face enormous waiting lists and A&E patients wait up to four days at ‘grossly overcrowded’ hospitals. But critics have told the multi-millionaire leader to ‘come clean’, saying he needs to ‘be transparent’ with the public. Many people have taken his refusal to answer as a suggestion that he doesn’t use the NHS. In November, The Guardian newspaper claimed Mr Sunak is registered with a private GP practice that guarantees patients with urgent concerns will be seen ‘on the day’. Downing Street has said reducing the NHS waiting lists is one of Mr Sunak’s key priorities over the next two years – but Labour insisted today that he ‘doesn’t understand the scale of the challenges’. One of Mr Sunak’s idols, former Tory Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, wasn’t shy about her choice to use a private GP. But Britain’s latest leader attempted to avoid the question on Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg, replying: ‘My dad was a doctor, I grew up in an NHS family’. When Ms Kuenssberg said ‘that wasn’t my question’, he went on to say: ‘As a general policy I wouldn’t ever talk about me or my family’s healthcare situation. ‘But it’s not really relevant, what’s relevant is the difference I can make to the country.’ He added that healthcare is a ‘private’ matter, insisting that discussing his own situation is ‘a distraction from what the real issue is, and the real issue is are we making sure there’s high-quality healthcare for the country’. ‘But when it comes to the private sector in general, we should be making use of the independent sector. I don’t have any problem with that whatsoever’, he added. More ambulance workers and nurses are set to go on strike later this month over pay and concerns for patient safety. Royal College of Nursing general secretary Pat Cullen, who has been attempting to secure nurses a better deal, has argued public servants should ‘be clear whether or not they are using private health cover’. ‘That’s about being open, it’s about being transparent, and it’s about honesty’, he said. Shadow health secretary Wes Streeting is open about not using private healthcare, but said today he doubted Mr Sunak uses the NHS. ‘I thought the Prime Minister in that interview gave the impression of someone who not only doesn’t use the NHS but doesn’t understand the scale of the challenges or have a plan to deal with the fundamental problems’, the Labour MP said. ‘Because, yes, you can get people around the table in Number 10 for a photo op, yes you can do more sticking plasters to get through this winter… ‘But we need fundamental change in the NHS to deal with what is the biggest crisis in its history, and that’s what Labour is looking to do.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.