Dancing On Ice’s Ekin-Su Culculoglu is gutted after landing in the dreaded skate-off, according to boyfriend Davide Sanclimenti. Despite dazzling judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Christopher Dean, and Jayne Torvill, with her sexy performance to Britney Spears’ Toxic and scoring an impressive 21.5 points on Sunday night, the Love Island star received the fewest votes and landed in the bottom two. Reacting to the news at the time, Ekin-Su looked visibly shocked and told hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield: ‘I’m just sad but it’s fine. Keep going.’ Fighting back tears, she added: ‘I’ve been really ill as well and I know it’s not an excuse but…’ Appearing on Monday’s Good Morning Britain, Davide offered an update on how his girlfriend was doing following the tough blow. Speaking to presenters Susanna Reid and Ed Balls, he said: ‘She’s a bit sad. We had a long talk. ‘But she knows that she’s a strong woman she knows what she wants. I think this will push her to be better and better week by week.’ Davide also shared his verdict on Ekin-Su’s skating debut. ‘I wasn’t surprised that she could actually dance on the ice because I’ve been following over the training,’ he said. ‘What I’ve been proud of is she actually entered in the character and she did a very good performance.’ Davide wasn’t alone in his praise for his partner, as the judges also voiced their adoration over the routine. Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Oti said she ‘loved’ Ekin-Su’s performance as it was ‘hot, hot, hot – from the outfit to the make-up’. Olympian skater Jayne Torvill agreed it was ‘sexy’ but added: ‘I want more skating.’ Ekin-Su will now face one of five celebrities who will compete next week. Elsewhere during his Good Morning Britain appearance, Davide cleared up engagement rumours after he gifted Ekin-Su a ring over the Christmas period. ‘We love each other,’ he beamed. ‘We’re still not getting married. I wanted to buy her a ring, a promise ring.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 