A 20-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of Elle Edwards. The 26-year-old beautician was killed outside a pub in Wallasey, Merseyside on Christmas Eve. Detectives say they have arrested a man in the Barnston area of Wirral on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and assisting an offender. He has been taken to a police station for questioning. Ms Edwards was not believed to have been the target of the attack at the Lighthouse in Wallasey Village in Merseyside. Her father, Tim, recently paid tribute to the way she would ‘light up a room’. He had added: ‘There was no one as beautiful as our Elle May, her looks, her laugh and the way she would light up a room as soon as she walked in. ‘She had this way about her that as soon as you met her, you just instantly fell in love with her, everyone that met Elle knew how special she was.’ ‘Christmas and our family will never be the same again without her. She was the glue that held this big family together.’ Ms Edwards’ father, Tim Edwards, was seen talking to attendees at Ms Edward’s funeral after he helped to carry her coffin. An order of service had read: ‘Elle’s family would like to thank relatives, friends and neighbours for the kind expressions of sympathy and support they have received and for your attendance here today.’ The 26-year-old worked at a local beauty salon – Nova Studio – which posted a tribute on Instagram: ‘Absolutely lost for words… Heaven gained the most beautiful angel. ‘We are all heartbroken, thinking of all of your family right now Elle, thank you for all of the laughs and happiness you brought into our lives, rest in paradise angel, love from your team at nova.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.