It look like there is no love lost between Prince Harry and Camilla, the Queen Consort. Being interviewed about allegations he made in his bombshell memoir, Spare, the Duke of Sussex did not hold back about King Charles’ second wife. Harry told CNN’s Anderson Cooper that her willingness to forge relationships with the press made her ‘dangerous’, adding there would be ‘bodies left in the street because of that’. He described Camilla as ‘the villain’, stressing that she had needed to ‘rehabilitate her image’ after Diana, the Princess of Wales, famously referred to her as the ‘third person’ in her marriage. The duke wrote in his book that Camilla ‘sacrificed me on her personal PR altar’. ‘Camilla was the villain, she was a third person in the marriage, she needed to rehabilitate her image,’ he told Mr Cooper. He added: ‘The need for her to rehabilitate her image… that made her dangerous because of the connections that she was forging within the British press. ‘And there was open willingness on both sides to trade information and with a family built on hierarchy, and with her on the way to being Queen Consort, there was going to be people or bodies left in the street because of that.’ Harry writes in his autobiography how he and his older brother begged the King not to marry Camilla. He added: ‘We didn’t think it was necessary. We thought it would do more harm than good.’ In his interview with ITV on Sunday night, the duke, however, denied that he had been ‘scathing about his stepmother. Presenter Tom Bradby said: ‘I want to sort of briefly talk about your stepmother and the press because you, you are pretty consistently scathing and suggest that you are…’ Harry quickly replies, ‘Scathing?…What, scathing towards?’ The interviewer responds: ‘Well, as in you say that, “your interests were sacrificed on her PR altar”, to quote, and you seem to be specifically referencing that. ‘Now her people might say, well, it’s not a crime to go to lunch with journalists.’ Harry: ‘Well, I think in the book is very clear what happened.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Buckingham Palace for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.