The British Army is no longer considered to be a top-level fighting force following years of cuts, a senior US general has reportedly warned. Concerns about the strength of the Army have also been expressed by those in UK defence circles – with Defence Secretary Ben Wallace told the budget should be increased by at least £3 billion a year. ‘Bottom line… it’s an entire service unable to protect the UK and our allies for a decade’, one defence source said, according to Sky News. A government spokesperson has insisted the UK has the largest defence budget in Europe and pointed to a £242 billion 10-year equipment plan. But a bleak picture has been painted amid growing threat from Russia following the Ukraine invasion – with claims that Rishi Sunak is avoiding the problem. It’s alleged the Armed Forces would run out of ammunition ‘in a few days’ if pushed into battle. The UK couldn’t defend its skies against the brutal number of strikes that Ukraine is currently facing, it’s also claimed. To add to this, the nation’s fleet of armoured vehicles were built ‘between 30 and 60 years ago’ – with the timeline to update them ‘too slow’ and devised before the Ukraine war. While the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force face big challenges, the British Army is particularly in a bad spot, it’s reported. The US general allegedly cautioned that the British Army ‘barely has tier two’ capability – defined as a moderate power that countries like Germany or Italy have. Tier one – a status desired by UK officials – is a top-level power such as Russia, the United States, China and France. Rishi Sunak has apparently been told to take urgent action – including stopping a plan to shrink the size of the Army and easing peacetime rules that halt the country from purchasing weapons quickly. But the prime minister ‘wants the problem to go away’, one insider has claimed. ‘We have a wartime prime minister and a wartime chancellor’, a Sky source said. ‘History will look back at the choices they make in the coming weeks as fundamental to whether this government genuinely believes that its primary duty is the defence of the realm or whether that is just a slogan to be given lip service.’ Roughly 76,000 strong, the British Army is less than half the size it was 30 years ago. The Kremlin recently announced plans to increase the number of combat soldiers from 1.15 million to 1.5 million A ‘refresh’ of a review of UK defence policy is planned to be published on March 7, ahead of the budget which comes a week later. Boris Johnson increased spending by £16 billion in 2020 – but this is believed to be not enough to fix decades of slashes from both Conservative and Labour governments. It comes as other European countries confirm huge jumps in defence spending. French President Emmanuel Macron recently announced the next seven-year budget would increase to €413 billion (£360 billion) from 2024-30 – up from €295bn (£259.5 billion). The UK has been a major player in backing Ukraine and recently announced Challenger 2 tanks – modern NATO battle tanks – would arrive in the war-torn country by March. One source insisted NATO ‘understands the UK is planning to rebuild its force’ and it is ‘on track to be a modern Army’. A government spokesperson said: ‘The prime minister is clear that we have to do everything necessary to protect our people, which is why the UK has the largest defence budget in Europe and we made the biggest investment in the UK defence industry since the Cold War in 2020. ‘We are ensuring our armed forces have the equipment and capability they need to meet the threats of tomorrow, including through a fully-funded £242bn 10-year equipment plan.’ ‘Regrowing military capability – something most European nations are also having to do – is difficult, particularly because of the need to balance support to the UK’s own defence industry and jobs against securing bulk purchases at a competitive price.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.