Wout Weghorst has promised to give ‘everything’ to Manchester United after completing a January loan move to Old Trafford. The 30-year-old, who featured for the Netherlands at the Qatar World Cup, joins United on loan until the end of the season. Burnley striker Weghorst was on loan at Turkish side Besiktas but requested to leave the Turkish side in order to complete a move to Manchester United. ‘I feel privileged to be joining Manchester United,’ Weghorst said. ‘I’ve played against the club in the past and it’s a fantastic feeling to now have the chance to pull on the famous red shirt. ‘I’ve seen United’s progress under Erik ten Hag this season and can’t wait to start playing my part in pushing the team towards its aims. ‘Whatever happens in the next few months, I can promise to give everything to the club for as long as I am here. ‘I thank everyone who has played a part in getting me to this stage, and now I am looking forward to meeting my new team-mates and getting involved straight away.’ Burnley signed Weghorst from Wolfsburg in 2022 but the striker struggled in the Premier League last season, scoring two goals in 20 games as the Clarets were relegated to the Championship. Manchester United have agreed to pay Burnley a loan fee of around £2.6m, although the Championship leaders will pay Besiktas £2.5m. United do not have an option or obligation to buy the Dutchman at the end of the season but are covering his wages in full until then. John Murtough, Manchester United football director, added: ‘Wout has a consistent goalscoring record across several European leagues, and his attributes will add a further dimension to our squad for the remainder of the season. ‘We were also attracted by his strong personality and dedicated approach to football, which fits perfectly with the spirit that Erik is building within our squad. ‘He has shown a huge desire to join Manchester United and be part of what we’re striving to achieve this season.’ Ten Hag decided to sign a new striker in January after Cristiano Ronaldo’s explosive departure in November. Weghorst joins a Manchester United side who have won 20 of their 27 games under Ten Hag to climb to fourth in the Premier League. The Red Devils welcome rivals Man City to Old Trafford on Saturday. MORE : Rio Ferdinand convinced Harry Maguire is seeking Manchester United transfer exit MORE : Man Utd flop Donny van de Beek ruled out for rest of the season with knee injury For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 