A Chinese tracking device was discovered inside a UK government car after officials carried out security sweep. The tracker was found sealed inside a part that had been imported from China, prompting concerns of widespread espionage. At least one SIM card capable of transmitting location data was found during the sweep of the cars, which are used to carry diplomats and senior government officials. Former Conservative leader and foreign secretary Iain Duncan Smith, a prominent backbencher who has been very vocal on China-related issues, said the incident shows Beijing should be considered a threat. He told the i: ‘I don’t know how much more the UK needs to know about the threat China poses to us all. Surely it is time to change the integrated review and refer to China as a systemic threat.’ Intelligence officials believe Beijing is taking a broad-sweeping approach to eavesdropping in the West, rather than bugging specific ministers’ cars, but still a big vulnerability has been exposed. A security source said the tracking SIMS give ‘the ability to survey government over a period of months and years, constantly filing movements, constantly building up a rich picture of activity’. They added: ‘You can do it slowly and methodically over a very, very long time. That’s the vulnerability’. Several new security initiatives were rolled out across Westminster over the last few months due to heightened security concerns. Staffers working for ministers will be vetted for links to Russia and China, while a Cabinet review advised ministers to disconnect Chinese-made devices from core computer networks. Security sources have raised concerns about the role of Chinese-manufactured parts in the car industry. In particular, they are worried about Electronic Control Units (ECU), which ensure the smooth operation of a vehicle’s engine and are predominantly sourced from China. They are embedded with SIM cards before being sent to car manufacturers as sealed units, which are fitted without being opened due to various warranty and commercial agreements, a security source said. BMW, Volkswagen, Volvo and Jaguar Land Rover have all partnered with China Unicom to develop 5G connectivity within cars in recent years. The Chinese state-owned company was sanctioned by Washington in 2021 over national security fears. Some car manufacturers have denied that the 5G connectivity will create vulnerabilities, with Jaguar Land Rover saying it has not identified or received any concerns. Volvo refused to comment to guarantee the security of its customers, but said it did not have any concerns, while Volkswagen said there is only a limited potential for misuse with ECUs. A spokesperson for the Embassy of China said: ‘We are firmly opposed to political manipulation on normal economic and trade cooperation or any smear on Chinese enterprises. ‘The Chinese government always encourages Chinese companies to carry out foreign trade and investment cooperation in line with local laws as well as market principles and international rules. ‘We are firmly against some people’s moves to deliberately overstretch the concept of national security to wear down Chinese enterprises.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.