Wednesday fans will be snapping their fingers in delight as Netflix has confirmed the Addams Family spin-off will be retuning for a second season. The first instalment of the blockbuster drama, starring Jenna Ortega, 20, as the titular character landed on the global streamer in November, clocking up more than 1billion hours viewed in a matter of weeks. Viewers were gripped as Wednesday tried to master her emerging psychic ability, thwart a killing spree terrorising the town and solve a 25-year mystery involving her parents. No rest for the wicked, eh? Earlier on Friday, the streamer had hinted the right-parter had been recommissioned, with a cryptic tweet complete with a video of Wednesday typing. And now they have finally put us out of our misery and confirmed series 2’s greenlight, but remained schtum on further details. Sharing a trailer of the best bits of the first season, Netflix’s official account wrote: ‘It’s official: Wednesday season 2 is coming!’ It’s not clear when we can expect the second outing of the spooky thriller, but let’s hope the OG cast, which includes Catherine Zeta-Jones as Morticia Addams and Luis Guzman as Gomez, will be back. Wednesday fans flocked to Twitter to share their delight over the news, with one simply writing: ‘LET’S GOOOOO.’ Another added: ‘So excited’, while a third said exactly what we were all thinking and demanded to know the air date, writing: ‘But wheeeen exactly?’ A slw Wednesday viewers will be relieved it didn’t get the chop, as Netflix has recently axed a slew of popular shows including Fate: The Winx Saga and 1899, which starred Emily Beecham. The mysterious series 1899 ended on a major cliffhanger, leaving fans guessing there was much more to come, but its creators confirmed the cancellation. Jantje Friese and Baran bo Odar wrote: ‘With a heavy heart we have to tell you that 1899 will not be renewed. We would have loved to finish this incredible journey with a 2nd and 3rd season as we did with Dark. But sometimes things don’t turn out the way you planned.’ Wednesday season 1 is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Finger snaps all around! Netflix hints at Wednesday season 2 news with cryptic teaser MORE : Wednesday Addams fan shows off tattoo meant to be depicting Jenna Ortega and it is truly haunting  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 