Even though now is a time most typically associated with gym membership, people are actually quitting rather than joining. New research shows 36% of Brits have ditched their gym memberships due to cost of living concerns – in yet another hit to the nation’s quality of life. A study of more than 2,000 consumers by IWG, an operator of office and hybrid workspace, found that Gen Z and millennials have been hardest hit. Half of 25-34 year olds have cancelled fitness memberships as a result of surging costs – rising to 56% for 18-24 year olds. Many have also found their membership fees have increased in the past year, with a third expecting more rises this year. Not a straightforward luxury, those surveyed are now concerned about how they’ll exercise without access to a gym or pool. Home workouts will be a good substitute for some, but not everyone will have the space for this. As a result of this, there’s a rising expectation for employers to offer free or discounted gym membership as a work perk – but only 15% of those surveyed currently have this. People have also been wondering whether it’s cheaper to shower at home or in the gym – giving insight to how dire money-saving tactics have become. As people think about their new year fitness goals, many have taken to Twitter to share their frustrations around price increases and decisions to quit. One person wrote: ‘So I finally decided to just do outside jog/walk VS enrollment sa gym. Cost-savings and also allows you to connect to the outside world. Don’t we all miss that?’ Another reported their monthly gym bill was rising by £12.50. Money-saving strategies in the form of quitting long-term routines, such as attending a gym, are likely to continue amid bleak financial realities. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Luxury gym sparks debate with campaign to ban new members starting New Year’s Day MORE : A beginner’s guide to using weight machines in the gym MORE : From holistic health to improving energy levels – the nation’s fitness goals for 2023 revealed