Julie Bowen stopped by one of Harry Styles’ California concerts last week and wasted no time shooting her shot. The Modern Family star, 52, revealed she’d made her very own sign to bring to 28-year-old Harry’s show and didn’t mince her words. Not only did the heart-shaped placard light up, but on one side it read: ‘Harry I’m old’ and on the other were the words: ‘But I know what I’m doing.’ However, the former One Directioner’s fans weren’t best pleased, and many were quick to let Julie know. The actress captioned her video: ‘I’m here! HARRY!’ and could be heard saying: ‘Harry, I’m here, and I know what I’m doing.’ Many of Julie’s 1.7million Instagram followers expressed their dismay in the comment section, with one person writing: ‘this is so embarrassing, please stop this.’ Another social media user penned: ‘And if she was a man, and Harry was a young girl, you would not laugh at that comment.’ ‘Please don’t do this, even as a joke. Harry and the other boys were sexualised from an early age and he’s always made it clear how much he dislikes it,’ said someone else. However, others pointed to Harry’s recent relationship with Olivia Wilde, who was ten years the As It Was hitmaker’s senior. ‘Hey, he was just in a relationship with an older woman…I think you’re in good shape!’ one Instagrammer quipped, with another echoing: ‘Don’t worry, he likes them older.’ Others simply couldn’t see what all the fuss was about, leaving comments like: ‘I found it funny! I can’t believe people’s reaction’ and ‘I support the union.’ It was confirmed in November that Harry and Olivia had called it quits after a two-year relationship. Harry and the director met on the set of her movie Don’t Worry Darling, which also starred Florence Pugh and was plagued by rumours of bubbling drama behind the scenes. Meanwhile, Julie was married to Scott Phillips between 2004 and 2018 and the pair share three children. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Julie’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Comedian Rickey Smiley announces son Brandon Smiley has died aged 32 MORE : Everyone Pamela Anderson has dated from Tommy Lee to her 12-day marriage  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 