As much as we like to frame January as the month of possibilities, where a shiny and new version of ourselves is finally within reach, that’s not always a fair reflection of reality. January can be difficult. It’s cold, dark and suddenly you’re thrown back into Real Life after the hazy stupor of Christmas. However, if your 2023 started with a bang and you’re already headed for burnout, adopting a ‘soft life’ could help you claw back some mental well-being. It’s all about embracing happiness – but it’s not always simple, and the concept of soft living has proven controversial due to issues of privilege and fairness. Here’s everything you need to know. A soft life is one of ‘comfort and low stress,’ says Hannah Campbell, co-founder and MD of One Twelve Agency. It is a life where we ‘slow down the pace of daily life and take a more peaceful approach to prioritising wellness and reclaiming our minds.’ The phrase was first coined in Nigeria before being popularised by Black women online, not dissimilar to how phrases like ‘woke’ and ‘queen’ originated from AAVE (African-American Vernacular English) then spread into mainstream conversation. It’s so popular now that over 80% of Brits want to give soft living a try, according to a Samsung survey. Gen Z is particularly fond of the Soft Life trend, as they are ‘increasingly cynical of the productivity ethos that shapes them into better employees with little room for personal fulfilment’, says Alex Quicho, Head of Cultural Intelligence at Canvas8. In a world where exhaustion feels like par for the course, reaching for a softer life sounds dreamy. Prioritising yourself, setting boundaries, slowing down… these phrases aren’t anything new in the world of wellness. But the difference with soft life is how TikTok packaged it into an aspirational aesthetic – and that may not always be a good thing. When scrolling through TikTok, you’ll quickly realise that the image of a soft life  is all about aesthetics. Proponents – mostly influencers and entrepreneurs: people who can afford to take time off and slow down – share videos relaxing in designer loungewear and pampering themselves with the latest beauty treatments. Therein lies the tension: although soft life is a supposed rejection of the ‘grind set’ and ‘girl boss’ rhetoric which has dominated in recent years, it can still trip into classist traps. Full-time soft living is an unrealistic goal for the vast majority of us, so touting it as an easy route to happiness (alongside tying happiness to buying things) sets people up to fail. Alex says Canvas8 is seeing more people spend beyond their means to achieve the lifestyle they want during an economic downturn: 68% of Gen Z buy now, pay later users in the UK have accumulated debt across platforms. There’s also an element of gender traditionalism to the trend, which adds to soft life’s murky image. Alex says: ‘A lot of soft life content emphasises softness as a particularly feminine energy or trait. ‘Some subsets of soft living include a curiosity about relying on men economically, sparking backlash from people who see it as anti-feminist.’ TikTokker Elicia Goguen suggests a soft life is about stepping into the ‘feminine’ role of being the ‘receiver’ and embracing the possibility of being a homemaker – the popularity of which we have seen return among Gen Z with the ‘Stay At Home Girlfriend’ trend. According to Hannah, framing soft life as needing opulence – either from your own bank balance or a partner’s – is wrong. She argues that soft life is a state of mind; a pursuit of peace, joy and self care. She says: ‘It may appear to be [all about luxury] as the loudest voices on social media tend to be the well off and famous, distorting perceptions of the term. ‘Admittedly, it’s easier to live a soft life when money isn’t an issue), but there is more to the term that can be applied to anyone in society.’ Hannah believes that wealth Gen Zers are using the soft life philosophy to prioritise what they care about and enjoy their achievements, ‘rather than constantly trying to chase greater riches or pointlessly grow their bank balances to move higher up the rich list.’ ‘For everyone else, I believe that soft life isn’t a coping mechanism to deal with exhaustion. It’s a flat-out rejection of hustle culture,’ she says. ‘Gen Z are finding their own ways to live and are empowered enough to get on with it. Just look at how they’ve challenged the old workplace norms around presenteeism, dress codes and formality, positively impacting everyone.’ This certainly resonates 28-year-old video editor Shadia Oseni. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘In my early 20s I spent so much of my time working hard and not playing hard enough and it made me sad and stressed. ‘I realised something needed to change for me to be happy. At 25, I decided to go on my first solo trip, and thats where i realised that this was what I loved doing. It has allowed me to meet new people and explore new cultures, the experience is truly unmatched.’ Shadia now aims to travel three or four times a year, taking advantage of cheap flights to Europe. ‘Whenever I feel burnout from work, my first thought is to look at cheap flights,’ she says. ‘I no longer feel guilty for taking my annual leave because I’ve earned it and I want a softer life. There’s more to life than working.’ It doesn’t have to go as far as catching a flight to live a softer life. There are ways to incorporate soft living into your everyday routine, regardless of what TikTokkers think you should do. Whether it’s lighting a candle in your bedroom to settle down and read a book or listening to music on a long walk, simple things can keep us feeling calmer. Cut yourself some slack when it comes to negative self-talk and carve out guilt-free time every day to do something that you love. Depending on your circumstances, you can also harness the soft life by setting boundaries at work and with loved ones. If you often feel like you’re being taken for granted, pushing back can drastically change your outlook and stave off burnout. Coach Tom Trotter has been lying a soft life for a while now. He tells Metro.co.uk: ‘My favourite hacks are considering what I eat and ensuring I stick to a healthy, nutrition-rich diet that fuels and energises me. ‘In addition – incorporating movement into my daily routine – even if it’s just a long walk, is very important. ‘It’s also important to have fun in the process and never take myself too seriously. I like to get in the zone, and music helps to take me there. Truly immersing myself in that moment is key.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Anecdating’ – dating for the anecdote – might actually take the pressure off your love life MORE : Romantic South African trips that will rival the Love Island villa