A man awoke to find bailiffs knocking on his door and was forced to pay a £500 fine- after they mistook a W for an M on his licence plate. Steven Ward, 41, was disturbed at his home by workers from enforcement firm CDER Group. Despite doing nothing wrong, he stumped up the fee after the debt collectors threatened to take his car away if he didn’t pay them. Although he has since got his money back from the debt collectors, HGV driver Steven, from Oldham, Gtr Manchester, said: ‘It’s just not right.. I had no choice [but to pay]. ‘It was awful and so degrading, having all the neighbours seeing two people coming to take money I really didn’t owe. ‘I’m not at all happy.’ Steven first received a letter from Birmingham City Council in June 2022, asking him to pay an £86 clean air zone fine. He phoned the council up and sent evidence that his vehicle had been in Oldham – not Birmingham – at the time of the alleged offence. After hearing nothing back from them, he thought the matter was closed. But last December, Steven received a second letter- this time from CDER Group- demanding he pay even more money. The letter said it was an extended penalty notice. Steven then called up and was sent CCTV of a silver Vauxhall Corsa with the number plate ending AMO. He sent back a picture of his car, a red Peugeot 206 – with the number plate AWO. Steve was told no further action would be taken after the error was pointed out, which led to his shock when bailiffs came to his door on the morning of January 13 and demanded he fork over £499. Steven had been working a night shift the day before, and finally hit the sack at 5am – before being woken at 9am by the bailiffs. Steven said: ‘I could see them taking photos in my drive so I went down to find the letter. ‘Someone or some machine must have just mistaken the registration of the Vauxhall Corsa with my Peugeot registration. ‘I had worried this might happen and I checked with them but they said it was all sorted.’ Steven claims he was told he had to pay or his second car – a blue Vauxhall Astra – would be taken away within the hour. The bailiffs also said they’d also take a red and black Citreon belonging to his partner Danielle Clarke, 28, he alleges. Steve said: ‘On the phone I had explained what they told me before and they said I didn’t have to pay. ‘But when I told the bailiffs they just said I had to pay or they’d take the cars. ‘I even showed them the picture of the silver car that was actually in Birmingham that day but they weren’t interested. ‘They said I’d have to pay the costs of towing the cars as well. ‘They said there was nothing they can do because it’s gone through court. I couldn’t let them take that Astra because it’s precious to me.’ Steven says he has since been refunded, and a screenshot of his bank account shows a payment of £499 from CDER Group on January 26. Birmingham City Council said: ‘The Council follows the statutory enforcement process for the issuing and enforcement of penalty charge notices. ‘This process provides a number of opportunities to appeal or challenge a penalty charge. ‘There is a statutory process in place to allow motorists to dispute a Penalty Charge Notice and each case is assessed on its individual merits to decide whether the Notice should be cancelled or not. ‘In cases where a vehicle registration number has possibly been misread, motorists should follow the statutory process to allow an investigation to be conducted and if confirmed, the case is cancelled.’ It’s understood the council is investigating Steven’s complaint further. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.