Andy Murray gave a hilarious answer after he was told he had a ‘huge everything’ following his epic second-round win at the Australian Open. The British tennis legend and three-time Grand Slam champion beat world No.159 Thanasi Kokkinakis 4-6 6-7 7-6 6-3 7-5 in the longest match of his career and the second longest match in Australian Open history. The second-round meeting did not finish until 4.05am local time and Murray, 35, who plays with a metal hip, will next battle Spanish 24th-seed Roberto Bautista Agut for a spot in round four. Former world No.1 Murray, now ranked world No.66, was 2-5 down in the third set after losing the first two but battled back from the brink of defeat and provided an on-court interview after his latest heroics at Melbourne Park. ‘It was unbelievable,’ Murray said. ‘He was playing and serving unbelievably and hitting his forehand huge. ‘I don’t know how I got through it. I did start playing better as the match went on and yeah, I have a big heart. The on-court interviewer then said that Murray had a ‘big everything’ – prompting a laugh from the crowd – to which the British star replied: ‘I’m not sure my wife would agree!’ Murray then added: ‘Remember the other day you mentioned [a] stat? I think now I [have won] outright the most matches coming from 2-0 down… so I have done it before. ‘I have experience of it and I rely on that… my drive, my fight, my love of the game, my respect for the event and the competition and that’s why I kept going. ‘I mean I’m aware I don’t look happy when I’m playing but that’s when I’m my happiest on the inside! ‘I’ve always loved competing, always wore my heart on my sleeve, I’ve been criticised for it over the years but that is who I am. ‘Thanks so much for staying, it’s ridiculously late, you didn’t need to do that, but it really helps when we have you creating an amazing atmosphere. ‘I think we should all get off to bed now! I’m aware the tournament finished well for me [when I came back from 2-0 down at Wimbledon 2013]. ‘It was one of the best weeks of my life. Let’s hope I can keep going here but I need to keep recovering!’ MORE : Andy Murray completes Australian Open miracle after triumph in five-hour-and 45-minute marathon in second round MORE : Novak Djokovic asks umpire to kick spectator out for being 'drunk out of his mind' 