Love Island’s Will Young exposed a major villa secret after he spilled the news of Ellie Spence and Tom Clare’s terrace kiss – and Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown was not happy. The semi-professional footballer locked lips with bombshell Ellie after she pulled him for a chat in a hidden spot and explained it would be their ‘little secret’ as he pulled away. Unable to keep things to herself, the business development executive let slip the news to Will, after which he expressed how interesting it would be for the rest of the islanders to find out. Later on in the episode, cameras caught Will and partner Jessie Wynter disappearing upstairs for a catch-up with fellow happy couple Shaq Muhammad and Tanya Manhenga. Before much could be discussed, the 23-year-old from Buckinghamshire said he needed to get something off his chest. It was at that moment Will explained Tom and Ellie had shared an intimate moment and revealed they were planning on keeping it a secret. Shocked faces and gasps all around, his fellow contestants couldn’t believe their ears and instantly insisted they inform Olivia Hawkins – who currently has her sights set on the athlete. ‘Don’t make it a big deal please,’ he asked of his villa-mates who promised they would remain tight-lipped for the time being. Tanya advised the group they should speak to Ellie first and allow her the opportunity to share her own news. However, as soon as their conversation ended, Shaq’s partner rushed to find Tom’s former flame Zara to fill her in. Pleading with the dancer to keep it to herself, Tanya began by admitting she couldn’t hold the secret for a moment longer as she sat next to Zara. She revealed: ‘This boy sat there and said Ellie confided in Will and said Ellie kissed Tom and no one knows.’ ‘When I say he’s a busy boy, yeah,’ was Zara’s immediate response before the pair stood up and made tracks towards the bedroom. As the music built, the drama brewed and so did Zara’s anger as she declared she was going to tell Olivia the news herself. ‘How can I sit on this,’ the beauty asked Tanya who insisted they should wait for Will to come back from his date with Jessie before confronting anyone. Attempting to hold her back, Zara pushed against Tanya and repeated: ‘I’m telling Liv’ as the show’s credits rolled. Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Ron Hall shocks with savage confession about Lana Jenkins: ‘I don’t love her’ MORE : Love Island stars Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury welcome baby girl 