It’s official, Rita Ora has finally confirmed she’s a married woman after secretly tying the knot with Taika Waititi last year. Rumours have swirled for months that Rita, 32, and Taika, 47, had quietly married after they were spotted wearing rings on their left hand. The I Will Never Let You Down singer has now confirmed the nuptials stating: ‘Yes [I am married].’ She added during her interview on Heart Breakfast on Friday: ‘I am officially off the market people. I chose to keep it more private and keep it to myself more but with my new video I am playing on what could have been. When the rumours came out is she, isn’t she? I wanted to play on it. I wanted to do a wedding that didn’t go to plan… that’s not to say that is actually what happened.’ Sharing details about their wedding day, Rita added: ‘It was perfect. It was exactly, exactly how I wanted. ‘It was nice and perfect. It is nice to keep some things just to myself sometimes it was nice and sweet… Sorry it’s not that interesting. One day I will throw a big party.’ However, Rita is uncertain about taking Taika’s last name at the moment after ‘working very hard for this Ora name’. Explaining why she chose to confirm the marriage now, she explained: ‘I knew putting music out that was inspired by where I am at [in my life] – I knew the questions were going to come. ‘I just thought I may as well put it in my music so this is the first time where the music does all the talking. It explains my love story which is on the album.’ Rita will release her new single, You Only Love Me, later today. The marriage rumours first emerged in August 2022, with reports claiming the couple said their vows during an ‘intimate’ ceremony in London with their closest friends and family present. Thor: Love and Thunder director Taika had been snapped by Rita’s sister wearing a ring on his wedding finger as he relaxed with a glass of wine in an Instagram photo. Rita and Taika have been linked since March 2021 after meeting at a party in Australia, and their relationship has gone from strength-to-strength since. The Your Song singer recently opened up about how their relationship blossomed, and told Vogue magazine: ‘We met in LA and it was through friends and it was amazing, very casual and then we stayed friends for like four, five years and it was just a natural thing. ‘We were both in Australia doing two separate jobs and we didn’t really know that many people in Australia so we hung out and that was it. ‘We went to a friend’s birthday party and that’s when everything clicked.’ It’s Taika’s second marriage as he was previously wed to Chelsea Winstanley from 2011 to 2018, and the former spouses share two children. Rita has never been married previously but has had several high-profile relationships, including Calvin Harris, Rob Kardashian and Andrew Garfield. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Toni Collette stars as powerful politician Margot Cleary in first look at thrilling adaptation of Naomi Alderman’s The Power MORE : Rick Astley files multi-million dollar lawsuit against Yung Gravy over Never Gonna Give You Up ‘voice imitation’ 