Richard E Grant and This Morning icon Alison Hammond have been revealed as this year’s Bafta awards. The 65-year-old actor will host the 76th annual film awards ceremony at the Southbank Centre’s Royal Festival Hall on Sunday February 19. He first rose to fame in the 1987 dark comedy Withnail And I in and has featured parts in Gosford Park, Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker, and Downton Abbey. Speaking about his upcoming gig, the star said: ‘I feel hugely privileged to be hosting the EE Baftas for the first time and the opportunity to celebrate the very best of the extraordinary range of this year’s films.’ Former Big Brother hun Alison will take the lead on Bafta Studio, Bafta Studio, an immersive and access-all-areas experience, as part of the BBC One show. ‘I’m so excited to be hosting at this year’s EE Bafta Film Awards with THE Richard E Grant,’ she enthused. ‘We’re going to have a lot of fun bringing the glitz and glam of backstage to everyone watching at home around the world. “From hanging out with the stars to celebrating the biggest night for cinema, and joining the discussions with film fans, get ready for good vibes only.’ This year’s BAFTAs will include an exciting first – for the first time, the ceremony will culminate in a live broadcast to reveal the final four category winners, enabling audiences at home to be part of the excitement as it happens. The nominations won’t be announced until January 19, but the longlist is available online. Currently in the running is the Netflix anti-war epic All Quiet On The Western Front, which has been being longlisted in 15 categories. The film, directed by Edward Berger and based on the 1929 novel of the same name by Erich Maria Remarque, features on the lists for best film and director. Black comedy-drama The Banshees Of Inisherin, starring Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson, is close behind with 14 nods. Quirky science-fiction thriller Everything Everywhere All At Once and Baz Luhrmann’s biopic of Elvis are both longlisted in 12 categories. Tom Cruise’s Top Gun: Maverick appears in eight categories, as do Babylon, Tar and Aftersun. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Khloe Kardashian and Drake support Tristan Thompson at his mum’s funeral with Kris Jenner giving speech MORE : Peter Capaldi honoured with Outstanding Contribution to Film & Television award as stars descend on Scottish Baftas 