Former Love Island star Priya Gopaldas has spoken out about the lack of diversity on the reality dating series. The medical student, 25, appeared on the 2021 season, where she was coupled up with Brett Stanilad after being dropped in as a bombshell in the tail end of the competition. Earlier this month Priya called out the fact that there had been so little Asian representation and said there was also ‘tokenism’ at play. Now, speaking to Metro.co.uk, Priya has also added that before signing up for the show, she hadn’t quite realised its poor record with casting people of different backgrounds. ‘Having never seen it before my season, I hadn’t realised just how much Love Island lacks the appropriate diversity,’ she said. ‘Asians make up the second biggest ethnic group in England and Wales (9.3%) following Caucasians (81.7%), followed by Black/African/Caribbean (2.5%), and yet the Asian population is very rarely seen on the show.’ She added: ‘While filming, I didn’t really think about the fact that I was the only Indian woman in the villa at that time. I didn’t grow up around much diversity, so it was something I was familiar with.’ ‘But seeing the initial line-up of women, in the two years since, has left me feeling disappointed. I don’t know if that’s because not enough Asian contestants apply, or not.’ Two weeks ago, Priya shared a photo of the current Winter Love Island cast, writing: ‘Love Island, where is the South Asian representation?’ ‘P.S. No, dropping someone in a week before the final is tokenism, it doesn’t count,’ she added – referring to her own time on the show. Priya’s comments echo those made by Sharron Gaffka last year, who said she believed she was ‘scapegoated’ to tick a diversity box. Participating in the 2021 series, the 25-year-old claimed she and other islanders including Shannon Singh, Priya, and AJ Bunker, were not given ‘an equal chance’ due to their race. Speaking on the Secure the Insecure podcast, Sharon said: ‘I feel like Asian women were taken as a token or a tick box in this series. ‘I felt like I was scapegoated for a tick box 95 percent of the time I was in the villa.’ While she said it was ‘nice’ to have Shannon there at the start, ‘she was booted off within 24 hours’, before AJ left soon after and Priya as well. Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Tasha Ghouri appears to slam co-stars over podcast remarks MORE : Love Island star Haris Namani ‘faces police assault quiz’ after video of street fight 