Sam Smith proved they weren’t letting any negative backlash get to them as they posted raunchy snaps to Instagram showing off heart-shaped nipple covers. The 30-year-old singer faced a flurry of criticism after they released a risqué music video for their latest track I’m Not Here To Make Friends last week. Critics of the footage called for it to be given an age restriction on platforms such as YouTube due to its supposed inappropriate nature. Saying it all without actually saying anything, the star defiantly clapped back at nay-sayers and uploaded a revealing gallery of shirtless images that pictured the pop sensation in glittering black nipple covers. Sam donned a pair of high-waisted black trousers and accessorised with pearls for the post that they simply captioned with a single black love heart. The Unholy artist seemingly brushed off any controversy surrounding the music video which captured them dancing among performers all dressed in lacy corsets, nipple tassels and suspenders. Fans flocked to the comment section of the chart topper’s post to defend them amid the backlash. One penned: ‘Why people feel the need to comment on what Sam is doing or not doing I’ll never know. They are living their life and they’re clearly happy….leave them alone and get on with your own lives [sic].’ Another stated: ‘Don’t listen to the hater’s or the bad critics, actually you’re not here to make friends [sic].’ ‘People can’t handle queer and body acceptance that isn’t the norm. You carry yourself well babes [sic],’ was an Instagram user’s response to the pictures. Sam received negative feedback on scenes from the video that showed dancers slowly thrusting on a bed in limited black leather underwear and later filmed them as they surround the non-binary megastar while moving in a provocative way. Viewers commented on Twitter: ‘It is vulgar…Sam Smith has a great voice, but his video is offensive. I certainly don’t want my child to see it.. [sic]’ and ‘It’s time for standards to be raised regarding pop videos. So many of them are no more than porn, soft or otherwise. What are these people trying to do to our children?’ Despite an initial unsavoury response, many have debated the fact that the video’s themes were not dissimilar to that of other pop icons such as Miley Cyrus and Madonna. Metro.co.uk contacted Sam’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Smith did nothing wrong – they were just acting just like any other straight, cisgender pop star MORE : Sam Smith’s Gloria likely to hit number one this week despite backlash to NSFW I’m Not Here To Make Friends video 