The aim of the game when watching The Masked Singer UK is to try to figure out who the celebrities are behind the masks, with their video packages and performances serving up clues pointing towards their identities. However, another element of the show that viewers need to pay close attention to is the actual costumes – as the ensembles could also provide crucial pointers signifying who they really are. During a recent conversation with Metro.co.uk, costume designer Tim Simpson of Plunge Creations provided some indication as to which characters fans should pay especially close attention to, and where hints may have been placed on their costumes. Ahead of tonight’s show, it turns out that there are three performers in particular who viewers should have their beady eyes on – Rhino, Jacket Potato and Rubbish. ‘Anywhere there’s lettering, anywhere there’s wording, sometimes even if there’s a colour that looks a bit out of place, that’s where you want to start looking,’ Tim stressed. With that tidbit in mind, it’s important to note that there is lettering on Jacket Potato’s costume, which in week two stated: ‘Wild Hog Dairy Salted Butter’ – so it’ll be curious to see if that wording has been changed for tonight’s show, just like how the lettering used to change on Sausage’s costume in series two. When it comes to Rubbish, it may help for viewers to cast their eyes on the objects that have been placed inside the rubbish bin, as they could have stronger significance than people realise at first glance. ‘I think Rubbish does have clues in the rubbish, and that is again the place to look – wherever there are little details which might be overlooked, that’s where you want to hunt. It takes a beady eye,’ Tim teased. As for Rhino, a clue on their costume may be less obvious to find… but the costume designer added: ‘You might have to wait until he turns around.’ Sometimes, the clues on the costumes are put there on purpose as a signifier for the singer’s identity, but at other times, the symbols on the outfits are simply Easter Eggs for the design team. ‘The clue team are pretty devious, and I don’t understand what half the clues are, even when I understand who the people are. It then requires a little bit of research on my part. So you end up putting the pieces together,’ Tim said. ‘Way back when with Badger [in series two], I stuck a completely anomalous clue on the back of Badger’s trousers, which referred to a specific band that I liked. Not even the production team knew that was there. ‘I might put things in just for me as my own little bit of fun. And then who knows, the guys in the workshop might be putting crazy things in there as well which I don’t know about. So just look out for the clues wherever you think they might be.’ The Masked Singer UK returns tonight at 7pm on ITV and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Masked Singer UK star Knitting has heaviest costume with a hefty weight – and you won’t believe how much wool was used MORE : The Masked Singer UK costume designer reveals Jellyfish took longest to make as team spent weeks bringing intricate design to life 