Scott Baggaley, 30, saved himself £35,000 after he built a house extension on his own – simply by following YouTube tutorials. The new dad and his partner bought their first property, a ‘doer upper’, in 2021. After purchasing reclaimed materials, Scott was shocked when he was quoted £45,000 for the cost of building an extension at the back of the house. He also struggled to find any local tradesmen available. As a result, he decided to take on the project himself and turned to social media for guidance. The 30-year-old, from Stoke-on-Trent, said: ‘Because the market was busy, the tradesman were fully booked up, so I started learning from YouTube and picked up skills there. ‘Managing my time around my nine-to-five job and my girlfriend, who has given birth to our son, was the biggest difficulty.’ He also brought in building inspectors to make sure his work was correct and within the law. The first major difficulty Scott faced was when he started on the roof – which he admits was daunting. The dad added: ‘When I started the roof, that’s when it got tricky without professional staff. It’s a skilled thing to be doing roofing. ‘I was dreading going outside because I didn’t know what I was doing.’ He suffered another setback, when he accidentally dug through concrete and hit a lead pipe, which forced him to halt work and fix the whole system. But the office worker persevered and completed the roof, as well as the whole extension, in just six months and spent just over £9,000. In total, he saved more than £35,000 compared to some of the initial quotes and has added an estimated £30,000 in value to his home. However, it’s worth pointing out the extension was not the first piece of building work that Scott undertook. He previously built a beauty salon in the backyard for his partner to work from home. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Nick Knowles reveals difficulties faced during DIY SOS Children in Need special after ‘huge’ project overran and stars like Rylan Clark were called in to help MORE : DIY ‘man-cave’ made from recycled materials crowned Britain’s best pub shed MORE : Top tips for decluttering a property before putting it on the market