To say snooker is big in China is like saying Channel 4’s Countdown is kind of popular around my gaff. Damn it, I knew I was not going to be able to resist mentioning it, but to do so in the first paragraph is simply unacceptable! [Agreed – Ed]. More than 60million Chinese actively play the game (snooker, that is), with halls everywhere. It is outstripped by the likes of table tennis, basketball, baseball and badminton but, looking through a global lens, China is by far and away the most important current market for snooker. This is thanks, in no small part, to the trailblazing of Ding Junhui, former world No.1, winner of three UK Championships and a superstar in his native land. He owns a watch collection that, if donated to the UK, could single-handedly reduce the price of the average heating bill by £147 per person. That’s why the suspension of ten Chinese players as part of a match-fixing inquiry, is potentially seismic for the sport as a whole. Among those who have had their cue silenced, are top-ten ranked Zhao Xintong and 22-year-old Yan Bingtao, already a Master and one of the brightest prospects of a generation, but this crisis goes far beyond the players themselves. Snooker needs China, for many reasons. This is where its heart beats strongest, the place most likely to uncover world-class players to replace the likes of O’Sullivan, William and Higgins and, vitally, it provides the type of prize money that breathes life into the global tour. There are exciting young players from these shores but it’s a ripple compared to the wave from the east. Various tournaments have been interrupted by Covid but the China Open, China Championship, Shanghai Masters and International Championship provide some of the biggest pay-outs, and that’s before we start talking about sponsorship money, which often sees Chinese partnerships for the UK-based events, owing to a television market back in China which runs into the hundreds of millions. Take the Hong Kong Masters final in October of last year, about a fortnight before Liang Wenbo became the first player to be suspended in connection with this investigation. Around 9,000 spectators packed the Coliseum to see O’Sullivan beat local legend Marco Fu, a new attendance record, with the Rocket describing it as ‘probably the best tournament I’ve ever played in.’ So, the idea of long suspensions for a whole swathe of Chinese players has far-reaching consequences for snooker as a whole, although let’s not get ahead of ourselves. What we know so far is the investigation centres around match-fixing but the charges could range from the most serious to simply being aware of what was going on and not reporting it. There are also rumours of bullying and the involvement of criminal gangs, none of which would surprise but, alas, none of which can be confirmed at present. At the moment, these allegations are exactly that but it would be a fool who would suggest a staggering ten players slung from a sport is simply some sort of misunderstanding. The emotional response is to call for lifetime bans but, in reality, this is devoid of proportional response. Yes, if one player has been terrorising others to throw games then they should never grace the baize again, but there are levels, for sure. Former world champion Shaun Murphy described the damage this could do as ‘frightening’, but he is also right when he says we should wait for all the facts. The governing body, the WPBSA, has mechanisms in place to spot possible breaches of betting rules, and they seem to have worked, so it can’t be accused of being found wanting in this instance. However, this appears more than a mere conundrum for snooker. Yes, it has dealt with betting scandals before but this might not be one rogue element. Instead, the allegations involve at least ten players, all from the country that provides the very fuel that powers the current health of  the game. As the investigation continues, everyone involved is left to nervously glance at the ticking clock, hoping for the best but fearing the worst. @ColinMurray MORE : Jurgen Klopp is still the best man to revive Liverpool’s fortunes MORE : Why Mark Noble’s new role at West Ham proves the Hammers legend is a one-off For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 