After months of speculation over who will replace David Walliams on Britain’s Got Talent, it appears Bruno Tonioli has signed on the dotted line. Little Britain star David, 52, reportedly quit the show last year after recordings were leaked of him making disrespectful comments about auditionees at the London Palladium in 2020. Rumours soon began, with fans of the ITV talent show throwing plenty of names into the mix for who would make the perfect judge. Up until now, Alan Carr has been the firm favourite, and it was believed he merely had to finalise his contract to officially make him part of the BGT fam. However, it’s now claimed that former Strictly Come Dancing judge Bruno, 67, has beat Alan to it, with show boss Simon Cowell ‘making it clear’ he wanted the Italian star to fill David’s shoes. According to The Sun, producers have been finalising a deal with Bruno for the past week. The outlet adds that his contract proposes a six-figure sum, ahead of Britain’s Got Talent auditions commencing next week. A TV insider said: ‘For almost two months, Alan may have been the favourite to take over from David, but Bruno was always Simon’s preferred choice. ‘Not only does he have years of judging experience under his belt from his time on Strictly, he will bring an outrageous brand of comedy that BGT needs on the panel.’ Of Bruno’s rumoured signing, the source added: ‘In so many ways this is already the perfect job for Bruno, as it sees him return to a glitzy showbusiness favourite that fits in with the rest of his work. ‘Sealing the deal was always down to him being presented with an offer enticing enough to make a commitment to the show. ‘After intense negotiations, they’ve managed to reach an agreement that will now see him return to prime time Saturday night TV in the UK.’ Should Bruno join the BGT panel, he’ll certainly have a wealth of judging experience, having sat on the Strictly panel for 17 series. He’s also a regular judge on Dancing With The Stars in the States, having judged all 31 series. Joining Simon’s much-loved talent show would see Bruno sit alongside regulars Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and, of course, Simon himself. Despite choreographer Bruno’s commitments with other projects, there isn’t expected to be an interference with his BGT schedule, given that the auditions are filmed early in the year and the live finals typically happen in June. Simon has apparently spent years trying to sign up his long-standing friend, but previous deliberations never amounted ‘to anything concrete’. Ahead of news of Bruno’s supposed signing, it was said that the variety show would have to get in guest judges, with producers said to be in ‘panic’ mode as the start date looms. Reps for Britain’s Got Talent have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brit Awards’ ‘misfire’ over male-only nominees for best artist uncovers ‘systemic issues and discrimination’ in UK’s music industry MORE : The Apprentice contestant Gregory Ebbs apologises for helping to sell Nazi memorabilia on his marketplace 