Love Island star Spencer Wilks is set to cause a stir on tonight’s show… but not just because he was given first pick to choose which female islander he wanted to couple up with straight away. It appears his job in the real world is also going to get heads turning, as he reveals that he sells vibrators for a living. On Thursday’s episode, it will be revealed who new bombshells Spencer and Ellie Spencer chose to be partnered up with during last night’s surprise recoupling ceremony. While the identities of their chosen picks is yet to be revealed, in spoilers for tonight’s instalment, Spencer will sit down with his new partner so they can get to know each other. ‘What do you do?’ the mystery girl asks, as he responds: ‘So I sell online, I sell vibrators.’ Surprised by his answer, his partner questions him further: ‘Do you? Really? Is that your job title?’ ‘I’m the director of the company,’ he explains before they joke that his title is ‘director of vibrators’. When Spencer decided who he wanted to couple up with, he explained his choice by stating: ‘She seems genuine and straight up.’ Ellie, on the other hand, may ruffle some feathers with her selection, saying: ‘I’ve decided to couple up with this boy because from what I’ve seen so far he seems really funny, he’s handsome, I don’t think he’s met his match yet and I’m really looking forward to getting to know him better.’ While new connections are being forged in the villa, some already-established relationships seem to be getting stronger, with one of the boys telling his partner: ‘I can see us having a relationship on the outside, I wanna know everything little thing about you, everything.’ ‘I just can’t wait to be like, “That’s my boyfriend,”’ his partner replies. Steady on! Meanwhile, it sounds as though Ellie is perplexed that some of the islanders are so committed to sticking with one person already, as she remarks to one of the boys: ‘I just think everyone is so desperate to be married off, they’re shook.’ One of the girls watches their conversation, quipping that the newcomer ‘seems ballsy’. Things may heat up over brunch, as Ellie and Spencer take their respective new partners on breakfast dates in the garden, complete with a spread of fruit and pastries by the pool, with one pair even feeding each other at the table. Ellie’s debut in the villa will lead one girl to pull her for a chat, so it’ll be curious to see how the bombshells’ arrival shakes up the lust-filled house in South Africa. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Faye Winter thought her lip fillers ‘looked great’ until she watched herself on Love Island MORE : Leomie Anderson replaces Love Island’s Maya Jama as new host of BBC’s Glow Up 