Gordon Ramsay only had nice words for Lord Alan Sugar after he accused the restaurateur for ‘ripping off’ The Apprentice. The TV chef, 56, has fronted several competitive cookery programmes during his career including Hell’s Kitchen and his latest project Next Level Chef. Ahead of this year’s premiere of his reality business show, Lord Sugar, 75, claimed Gordon’s Future Food Stars held a striking resemblance to his beloved BBC One hit. ‘He had something, which was like, I don’t know how the lawyers allowed it because it was a virtual rip-off of The Apprentice. No disrespect to Gordon but stick to your day job mate that’s all I would say,’ the tycoon said. Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk, the Kitchen Nightmares star jokingly fired (excuse The Apprentice reference) back at Lord Sugar’s claims, and even offered him a guest judging role on his show. ‘The guy is a Lord for a reason, so if he’s gonna spank my arse he’s allowed to,’ he told us. ‘I’m very proud of Future Food Stars because of the talent we’re unearthing. The Apprentice is an amazing show, it’s an American format around a boardroom. I come from a kitchen. ‘So when the BBC asked me to create an exciting competition with the unsung heroes and the new talent coming through, the future-facing stars of the industry…. I was blown away.’ He continued: ‘We’ve just finished taping this series [Next Level Chef] in the US, and next month we head Down Under. ‘So if Mr Sugar is available, I’d love him to judge a challenge, that would be great.’ Gordon’s gripping new eight-part series follows 12 aspiring chefs competing to win a £100,000 prize, plus a year-long mentorship from the Hell’s Kitchen frontman and his fellow judges, Paul Ainsworth and Nyesha Arrington. The contest takes place in a grand 50ft-tall three-storey kitchen, which pushes the contestants to demonstrate their culinary creativity in an intense environment. The series also welcomes guest stars Gino D’Acampo, Big Zuu – real name Zuhair Hassan – and Gordon’s daughter Tilly Ramsay. Speaking about the celebrity cameos, British chef Paul said: ‘I found Big Zuu really inspiring, and that round was one of my favourites along with the £2.50 challenge, and he really inspired them [the contestants]. He was brilliant!’ Nyesha, who is also a judge on the US edition of the show, revealed how ‘beautiful’ it was to have ‘new voices’ on the series. ‘They really add a lot of value. It’s incredible to see it and witness it in real time,’ she said. Although this isn’t the first time Strictly Come Dancing star Tilly has joined forces with her famous father, Gordon still finds his daughter’s appearance a little strange. ‘A bit weird for me having Tilly there,’ he admitted. ‘But the contestants were way more talented than Gino,’ he chuckled. Next Level Chef premieres tonight at 9pm on ITV and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lord Alan Sugar lashes out at Gordon Ramsay for ‘ripping off’ The Apprentice with cooking show: ‘He should stick to his day job’ MORE : Gordon Ramsay unleashes his special brand of chaos by dropping F-bomb on live radio before 9am 