Rita Ora has revealed she’s had a rather full-on 24 hours after confirming her marriage to Taika Waititi and releasing a new single. The Masked Singer panelist began dating the JoJo Rabbit director after moving to Australia in 2021 to work as a coach on the local version of The Voice. Last year, rumours began to swirl the duo had tied the knot after the 33-year-old singer was spotted wearing what looked like a wedding ring. Shortly after, the Hot Right Now hitmaker and the Thor director, 47, co-hosted the MTV Awards together, while Taika shed further insight into his relationship with Rita during her Louis Theroux interview. However, neither party has actually confirmed the nuptials until today, when Rita told Heart Breakfast she was ‘officially off the market.’ The Poison singer appeared on Friday’s The One Show to promote her new single You Only Love Me, where she was congratulated by hosts Alex Jones and Ronan Keating about her marriage. Alex told Rita that she ‘loved the new single’, with the performer replying: ‘Yay. Big day. Lots happened today.’ She continued: ‘Yeah, I’m actually exhausted. I’m like, “Woah, what a day!” But I’m happy. ‘I’m just in a really good place right now, feeling really happy and good and. I think that this song is really cool and I love it.’ During the earlier interview with Heart, Rita said: ‘I am officially off the market people. I chose to keep it more private and keep it to myself more but with my new video I am playing on what could have been. ‘When the rumours came out is she, isn’t she? I wanted to play on it. I wanted to do a wedding that didn’t go to plan… that’s not to say that is actually what happened.’ Sharing details about their wedding day, Rita added: ‘It was perfect. It was exactly, exactly how I wanted. ‘It was nice and perfect. It is nice to keep some things just to myself sometimes it was nice and sweet… Sorry it’s not that interesting. One day I will throw a big party.’ Rita also released the video for her latest track on Friday in which she dons a wedding dress as famous friends including the likes of Kristen Stewart and Lindsay Lohan – send video messages over her TV wishing her luck. The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One from 7pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rita Ora releases star-studded music video with Kristen Stewart, Lindsay Lohan and more after confirming Taika Waititi marriage MORE : Rita Ora blasts ‘ridiculous’ suggestions of a ‘throuple’ with Taika Waititi and Tessa Thompson: ‘Everyone was letting loose’ 