Arsenal are confident of completing a deal worth £80m for Mykhailo Mudryk and believe their incoming signing could make his Premier League debut against Manchester United next weekend. The Gunners submitted their third bid for Ukraine international Mudryk on Thursday as they look to beat London rivals Chelsea to a deal. While the finer points of the transfer still need to be agreed, there is an acceptance from all parties that the deal will be completed soon, according to The Times. Arsenal wanted to pay around £50m upfront but Shakhtar Donetsk are looking for more and want the add-ons included to be realistic. Such has been the progress in talks between Arsenal and Shakhtar, the Gunners are reportedly confident that Mudryk will be available for the club’s Premier League clash against Man United on January 22. It is claimed the bonus clauses are expected to include Arsenal winning the Premier League – they are currently five points clear at the top of the table – and qualifying for the Champions League. Mudryk, who has scored 10 goals this season, is currently with his Shakhtar Donetsk team-mates at a training camp in Turkey. The 22-year-old has not hidden his desire to join Arsenal and recently posted a picture on Instagram in which he was wearing the club’s shirt. Asked if he had been following Mudryk’s social media activity, Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta said on Friday: ‘What I would say is how good I am with the phone. You know we cannot talk about any other players. ‘There is some interest on some things that we would like to do to improve the team because we are a bit short in certain areas and with injuries that we picked up. ‘But we are trying as a club we are determined to try and improve the team in every window and that’ what we are trying to do.’ While Arsenal have enjoyed a brilliant start to the season – winning 14 of their 17 league games to move five points clear of defending champions Manchester City – Arteta believed it was imperative for the club to bolster his squad in January. Pressed on the Premier League club’s transfer plans, Arsenal chief executive Vinai Venkatesham said earlier in the week: ‘We’ve got a very clear plan, headed up by [technical director] Edu, in terms of what we want to do to strengthen the squad. ‘Every transfer window of course, we’re going to look to see what opportunities are out there.  ‘If something makes sense from a technical perspective and a financial perspective, of course we’ll look at it but we’re happy with the squad that we’ve got. ‘We’ll have a look around like we do in every transfer window but we’ve got a long-term plan.’ While Mudryk could be involved when Arsenal welcome Erik ten Hag’s in-form Manchester United to the Emirates Stadium next weekend, the Gunners must first focus on Sunday’s tantalising north London derby against Tottenham. MORE : Mikel Arteta provides injury update on Arsenal duo Saka and Jesus MORE : Arsenal star received warning letter from the FA for over-celebrating For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 