The next Full Moon is on January 6th (the Wolf Moon), in the sun sign of Capricorn and therefore its opposing sign of Cancer. Full Moons always bring a pause in the month to reflect, ponder, contemplate, review, and release. More thought than action. This Full Moon’s Cancer vs Capricorn vibe reflects the tension and dynamics between family and home commitments vs work and financial commitments. Not only the infamous work/life balance we all seek, but also the impact of family and home upon your ambition scale, your potential to achieve, your limits. We all only have so much time, strength and energy to give. Everything is an opportunity cost. Are you okay with the sacrifices you’ve made, in both camps, or do you feel imbalanced? Let the tarot guide you towards what you need to consider in order to align your commitments to family home with work and achieve your full potential in 2023… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the Full Moon in Cancer: Three of Cups Meaning: Without time for fun, partying, play and relaxation, you can get into a very bad mood indeed and then you don’t bring your sunny, funny, positive self to work and actually that is one of your strengths (your ability to light up a room). Three of Cups asks you to consider how you structure your working week so it’s not just all work, so that you have time and windows to chill, thrill and freak out (a bit). Or even, how can you bring more fun and frolics into your job? Consider upping the fun factor in 2023 Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for the Full Moon in Cancer: Four of Coins Meaning: Routine is a good thing, it keeps us ticking and moving without expending unnecessary effort rethinking every step, every day. However, the Four of Coins hints you could do yourself a big favour right now by revisiting your daily working day schedule. How do you get up and get out the house (or settle down to your laptop)? How do you manage chores during the day? What do you eat? What rest or breaks do you get? How do you travel? What happens when you finish work? How do you spend your downtime? Take another look and start making tweaks, every week, shaking it all up a bit. A change is as good as a rest. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for the Full Moon in Cancer: The Chariot Meaning: Travel, exploration, new scenes, and fresh landscape are important you. All Geminis, being ruled by Mercury, need to experience new horizons and travel as much as possible. Can you bring more of this into your work life? Or, maybe have more contact with people overseas through your job? Or, maybe just use the resources you make from work to invest into travelling in your leisure time this year? You are keen to explore, see the world, cover new ground, change the scene. Seek ways to do this via, or because of, work. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for the Full Moon in Cancer: Two of Swords Meaning: This Full Moon, you have some big decisions (maybe overdue ones) facing you around work, possibly linked to your hours, role, commitment, or shifts, maybe the stuff that fuels your work/life balance. Whatever these issues or decisions are, face into them this Full Moon, reflect and journal and discuss. Aim to have reached a firm conclusion by New Moon (in two weeks’ time) and make your move then, with confidence, knowing you have done the best with what you know and feel right now (and that, Cancer, is all you can ever do). Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for the Full Moon in Cancer: The Magician Meaning: You want more creative freedom, scope, and possibility. You want to activate your own ideas and use them to make a living. You feel inspired and ready to strike out on your own, take on a more creative role or task at work, or set up an imaginative side line. The Magician is like the patron saint of creative entrepreneurs. The Magician gives you the green light to do your own thing right now – be that asking for more responsibility in a role, or creating your own, or going freelance/project based. You are a strong, capable, confident character, you were born to lead, and you’re ready to do it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for the Full Moon in Cancer: Knight of Swords Meaning: This Full Moon, you are reflecting on the nature of power and assertiveness in your work life and whether you are on the giving or receiving end of it (and whether that is right). Perhaps you have an overwhelming boss or colleague who interferes with, and unsettles, you. Perhaps you have a lazy or underwhelming boss or colleague who you are leading, carrying, and generally taking the burden for. Perhaps you feel your workplace culture is too strict or limiting. Perhaps you have had feedback that you are too demanding or your standards are too high. Consider, mull, be open to making changes in the New Year. Let this theme percolate. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for the Full Moon in Cancer: Knight of Wands Meaning: The Knight of Wands hints you’re looking for more adventure, risk, opportunity and new news in your work world. Things have gotten a little dull or same-y. Time to shake it up and take action. The Knight of Wands urges you to consider laying a bold hand in 2023. Making a chance move that could pay back handsomely. Perhaps now is the time to research your options and size up the risks, and try to think of ways to mitigate them, so you are ready (come Spring perhaps) to put this bold plan into effect. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for the Full Moon in Cancer: Three of Coins Meaning: Make your networking your priority right now. Take time, this Full Moon, to think about and identify the people with influence in your work world- be that bosses, up-and-coming colleagues, mentors, advisors, coaches, or friends. Note them down and make a plan to share your thoughts, ideas, issues and suggestions with them. Be open and warm, ask for feedback, solicit their advice for your next step. You will find, with the respectful and admiring Three of Coins, a well of support for you amongst others. They can help resolve your troubles, and give you great ideas. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for the Full Moon in Cancer: Justice Meaning: Doing the right thing is important right now, and might prove challenging as it’s tempting to just take the short cut, or ignore the issue, and press on selfishly. Pause, think about something that is going wrong at work, and what you could do to raise awareness, provide support for those affected, create new processes or solutions, or simply just be there for others. Do the right thing now, even if it takes ore time and energy, and you will be vindicated, praised and rewarded down the line, others will notice your goodwill and integrity. It’s easy to be good when everything is good. It’s hard to make that effort when it’s already difficult or tiring. Push on and you won’t regret it. Do the right thing, stand up for others, speak out, be a force for truth and justice. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for the Full Moon in Cancer: Eight of Swords Meaning: This Full Moon, ask yourself the question ‘how do I get in my own way regarding enjoying a healthy work/life balance?’. The Eight of Swords is a reflective card, urging us to look inwards and find out our projections, self limiting beliefs, fears, and bad habits. They are all potentially stopping you from living the ideal career lifestyle you yearn for. Maybe you don’t have a good morning routine, maybe you don’t take help where it’s offered, maybe you set impossible standards for your work. Ask others, if you dare, for their feedback. Listen well. You can make real sustainable changes this month. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for the Full Moon in Cancer: Page of Cups Meaning: The Page of Cups asks you to bring more childlike wonder, creativity, imaginative thinking and play into your job, your role, your to-do list, your style. You are a quirky, big-brained, imaginative person and doing things the usual way is unlikely to appeal. You like to be different, bring innovation, try a different approach. Give yourself full permission, in 2023, to vamp up your work practices and surprise your colleagues with new ways of doing old tasks. Lead the way here, it could become a game changer. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for the Full Moon in Cancer: King of Coins Meaning: The King of Coins is a powerhouse character leading the way and setting his own ambitions, standards and plans for the future. He can survive anything, make something of nothing, and always lands well, no matter the circumstance. This is you. The 2023 Pisces is a grafter, leader, in control force for progress, and earns well. It’s a great time to rethink your work plans, if this doesn’t feel like where you’re at. Consider taking a course, reading up on new, empowering themes, or getting a mentor or coach. Go for your biggest goals. Be your best self. It’s all there to come! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 1 to January 7 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2022