Lidl has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called the Middle of Lidl. From BBQs to fitness gear, and scuba-diving equipment to weighted blankets – there are always some great deals to be found. But what does the legendary middle aisle have in store of Lidl shoppers this week? Here are our top picks. Lidl’s middle aisle this week is focused on kitchen gadgets – and there’s something for all budgets. Head into store and you’ll also find children’s clothes and Six Nations merchandise (although the items available will depend on which UK country you’re in). If you want to perfect your home barista skills, this budget espresso machine features powerful 15-bar pump pressure for the perfect crema and flavour. It also has a two-in-one swivelling high pressure steam nozzle, providing hot water and the ability to froth milk. Buy for £69.99 in Lidl stores from Sunday January 29. There’s a range of Breville kitchen appliances at Lidl this week, including this modern toaster. The deep, variable width slots accommodate different bread sizes – and even crumpets and bagels – while the variable browning controls ensure every slice is just the way you like it. Buy for £29.99 in Lidl stores from Sunday January 29. This seven-piece set keeps your kitchen counters tidy, with a place for all your cooking essentials. The knife block has space for up to six knives, the utensil holder for up to 9 utensils, and the accessory holder stores up to six smaller items. Buy for £9.99 in Lidl stores from Sunday January 29. A sieve can be an afterthought, but a good one will change the game when it comes to washing and rinsing your fresh produce. This extendable option will fit your sink perfectly, with plastic handles that won’t damage fittings. Buy for £5.99 in Lidl stores from Sunday January 29. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : The best comparison sites to use for travel, money shopping and flights