Top Gear is reportedly not returning to the screen this year following Freddie Flintoff’s car crash. Last month, the father-of-four, 45, was airlifted to hospital for medical treatment after the accident, with his son, Corey, 16, later saying he was ‘lucky to be alive.’ ‘Freddie was injured in an accident at the Top Gear test track this morning – with crew medics attending the scene immediately,’ a spokesperson said at the time. ‘He has been taken to hospital for further treatment and we will confirm more details in due course.’ A TV insider shared: ‘Cast and crew are still reeling from the shock accident and there is concern about the future of the show.’ The source added to The Sun: ‘Because Top Gear is such a risky production and there are lots of logistics involved with filming, it’s far more complicated than other TV series. A spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘No date has yet been set for the broadcast of series 34 of ‘Top Gear’. Filming has been paused as we await the conclusion of the investigation into Freddie’s accident. ‘When the investigation has concluded, a decision will then be taken on when to restart production.’ Friends of Flintoff recently claimed that the TV personality is rethinking whether he will return to the BBC motoring series, which was previously hosted by Jeremy Clarkson. The Times reports that his pals have said the crash left him ‘psychologically traumatised,’ leaving him uncertain about resuming the gig. The BBC and government body, the Health and Safety Executive, both launched probes into the incident last year. A statement issued read: ‘Our primary concern is and has been for the welfare of Freddie – as well as the Top Gear team. All health and safety procedures were followed on site and the incident is now being fully investigated, in line with standard policy and practice. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Freddie Flintoff ‘taking TV break’ following horror Top Gear car crash MORE : Bruno Tonioli ’emotional and nervous’ as he’s finally confirmed for Britain’s Got Talent with show-stopping entrance 