An SAS: Who Dares Wins contestant was forced to medically withdraw from the brutal reality series after a terrifying health scare. Recruit number 12, Aliyah, had been lying in bed in the dorms after they had all faced an intense beasting, under the watchful eyes of Directing Staff Mark ‘Billy’ Billingham, Jason ‘Foxy’ Fox, Rudy Reyes and new DS Chris Oliver. The recruits had been put through their paces during an earlier task – but failed to impress the DS, leading to the beasting. ‘Sometimes we wait, but that punishment is always coming,’ Rudy warned, before the recruits had to perform continuous laps across the parade square whilst doing various punishing exercises. Many were in tears over the beasting, but were forced to continue until two withdrew from the course. However, following the intense challenge, Aliyah found herself facing a health scare. The recruits quickly rallied around her in the dorm, with one saying: ‘Someone needs to help her’. The DS and paramedics were quickly called while Aliyah could be heard sobbing. ‘I think she’s having a seizure,’ another recruit said. Aliyah failed to respond to the doctor’s calls, unable to respond and seemingly having difficulty breathing as she cried out in pain. Witnessing her distress left recruit number 18, Levi, in tears as Aliyah was carried away from the site in a stretcher. ‘Due to her extreme reaction to the beasting, Doctor Raj medically withdrew her from the course,’ viewers are told. Ahead of the series airing, Aliyah admitted the course was a ‘life-changing experience’. She said: ‘I didn’t really have much expectation because I didn’t know what I was signing up for but I definitely had a life changing experience. ‘It was scary, it was challenging and it changed me as a person, I feel like I can do anything.’ SAS: Who Dares Wins airs Mondays at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins recruit heartbreakingly opens up about sexual assault as he undertakes mission to ‘find himself’: ‘I felt like a waste’ MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins recruit breaks down in tears over intense first task before opening up about failed past relationship 