The Masked Singer UK is back and in full swing – and we’ve had our second elimination of the series! Despite giving it her all, it wasn’t enough for Piece of Cake to win enough votes from the audience, leading to Scottish singer Lulu being revealed as the celebrity underneath the mask. Judges Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross, Mo Gilligan and Rita Ora were left stunned as the pint-sized pop icon took off her mask, but viewers at home had already caught on, thanks to the telling clues in her VT. Explaining why she wanted to be a Piece of Cake, 74-year-old Lulu joked that she’s just ‘so terribly sweet.’ Asked why she decided to compete on the programme, Lulu added: ‘My grandchildren love this show, they love it! I love it too and that’s whyI’m here. Because it’s such a fun show.’ The singer then said her Masked Singer experience had been a real whirlwind, even though she relished the challenge. Lulu – who has also starred in numerous films during her career – said: ‘I’m slightly in shock. I’m here and now I’m off!’ Delving into the clues that left the panel puzzled, Lulu revealed that the reference to a ‘well’ was her truly iconic line, ‘Wellllllll, you know you make me wanna shout!’, in one of her biggest hits, which she performed for the studio audience. Other clues included her being a ‘birthday gift,’ which was a nod to Oprah Winfrey flying her out to the States to surprise Sidney Poitier for a 70th birthday bash. Meanwhile, a heart-shaped balloon with the word, ‘Shh’ written on referenced her track Oh Me Oh My. Of course, Lulu greeting viewers by saying, ‘Hello, lovers’ was referencing her backing band from the sixties, called The Luvvers – despite judge Rita believing this was a nod to Kylie Minogue’s single, All The Lovers! The panel were amazed after the star vocalist was unveiled, as Mo thought it was Icelandic singer Bjork who was behind the costume, Davina guessed it was DJ and presenter Annie Mac, while Jonathan thought it was comedy star Ruby Wax. But, the Twitterverse had already seemed to suss out her identity long before. ‘How did they not know that was Lulu seriously!?’, one stunned fan tweeted. ‘I would have liked to hear Lulu for a few more rounds’, wrote one gutted viewer. They weren’t the only one raging that Lulu was the second contestant out, as one said they were ‘disgusted’ with her being eliminated. ‘Imagine being called vocal detectives on national TV and not guessing LULU of all people… Shame on you’, one told the judges. Shout hitmaker Lulu joins Chris Kamara in the unmasked club, who was revealed underneath Ghost’s sheet in episode one. Characters including Rhino, Rubbish, Jellyfish, Fawn, and Jacket Potato now remain to battle it out for the title of Masked Singer series 4 champ. The Masked Singer continues Saturdays on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What does the winner of The Masked Singer get and who has won it before? MORE : The Masked Singer UK: Is Pigeon Fred Sirieix? First Dates star’s singing voice exposed 