American women are expecting a grand-slam success some time soon. Eighteen-year-old Coco Gauff may be behind compatriot Jessica Pegula in the world rankings but she could well be the one to achieve major success first. Her second-round match with Emma Raducanu was box office for the Australians and they duly scheduled it on the Rod Laver Arena. It was a relief former US Open champion Raducanu was able to move so freely on an ankle she turned two weeks ago. She made the fair point that she will be playing Gauff many times in the years ahead and she would have preferred more than five hours practice in preparation for the tournament. With little to lose, Raducanu hit freely and you can see from the quality of her movement and her technique she is going to be a factor at the top of the game. But she has a lot of matches to play and a lot of contests to win before she’s at her best. Clearly her and her family’s view is she has got to hit the ball hard or harder and, of course, that is the modern game. But I fervently hope she works on the subtleties too, namely changing the pace, altering the height of the ball over the net, throwing different spins at an opponent and occasionally doing the unexpected. She is not an automaton tennis player, she is far better than that. She is also very bright and will understand instinctively that throwing an opponent off their rhythm is still important. As for Gauff, she is blessed with an athletic ability and explosive power second to none. It’s hard to believe she is only 18 and beginning to wrack up so many notable successes: the youngest player to 100 tour wins, a finalist at last year’s French Open and a recent winner in Auckland, where she didn’t lose a set. She’s got the winning habit and a supportive mum and dad behind her. And commercially she is off the charts. Five hours and 45 minutes of one-on-one sporting drama with a second-round match finishing just after 4am on a Melbourne morning. A simply outrageous feat of physical stamina and determination from both Andy Murray and the man he beat, Thanasi Kokkinakis. The length of the contest was too much – this was the longest match in Murray’s illustrious career by more than 30 minutes. This match is why grand slams are special and Murray’s performance in particular showcased why he has become more than just a great British sportsman. He is somebody we consider family. I’m full of admiration not just for this victory or the many victories we have enjoyed but for the fact he is still out there doing what he loves and giving it his all. I would have enjoyed this match even if Murray had lost in five sets. The result is secondary to the example he gives. When he does pull down the curtain on this magnificent career, Andy must be given the chance to share the unique insights into elite performance that he has learned. He has beaten Matteo Berrettini and Kokkinakis in back-to back five-set classics with a metal hip and age against him. Roberto Bautista Agut is next. There is no possibility he can win that match. Wink, wink. Three years ago I sat with the mother of an aspiring British player who told me the game had moved on and American college was a thing of the past in terms of a development path. She was committed to doing the best by her son. I knew she was wrong but didn’t want to offend. American tennis is in good shape and college still offers a superb environment to bridge that gap between being a scrawny junior and a sinewy old professional. The United States has 13 players in the men’s top 100 with Taylor Fritz their No.1. He is ranked ninth in the world and played that sensational quarter-final with Rafa Nadal at Wimbledon last year. He is 25, with the ages of the next four top-ranked Americans 24, 22, 25 and 22. Two young Americans have knocked out the top two seeds at this year’s Australian Open. Making his debut in Melbourne, Jenson Brooksby beat No.2 seed Casper Ruud in four sets. The top seed, Nadal, was taken out by the most Scottish-sounding American you have heard, 27-year-old Mackenzie McDonald. Hard to believe he is from California and not Kelso. He graduated from UCLA having won the US College championships in both singles and doubles in 2016. I watched him play qualifying at the US Open that year and clearly he was going to be a player. Another to watch is Tommy Paul, who will take on Brooksby in the third round in Australia. @AndrewCastle63 MORE : Jack Draper has the potential to be Rafael Nadal’s ‘worst nightmare’ MORE : How Carlos Alcaraz is finally challenging the old guard of tennis elites For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 