Love Island dumpee Haris Namani hinted at a villa curve ball as he revealed Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown was Shaq Muhammad ideal woman on paper. The 21-year-old boxer appeared on the show’s spin-off chat programme Aftersun and spilled behind-the-scenes secrets with a panel of celebrity guests. When questioned about his experience on the reality TV phenomenon, he admitted he was sad to have left so early on but offered host Maya Jama a piece of gossip that had her gasping. Lifting the lid on one of the seemingly strongest couples in the house – Shaq and partner Tanya Manhenga – the young lothario shattered illusions of an unbreakable bond. After cameras captured small chats between Zara and Shaq, fans were quick to speculate an early split but the couple managed to bulldoze their way through a potential rocky patch and landed themselves a night in the hideaway. However, according to Haris it might not be as rosy as it seems between the villa’s current power couple. On Sunday night’s Aftersun show, the Doncaster native admitted Zara was in fact Shaq’s type on paper. Now that the model has split from former flame Tom Clare, social media users think they’ve predicted the next dramatic shift between the island’s romantic hopefuls. One fan wrote on Twitter: ‘Shaq’s type is Zara and he said it on the show. Shaq also isn’t Tanya’s type. Shaq asked Tanya if her type came in would her head turn meaning that Shaq isn’t her type. [sic]’ Another penned: ‘Shaq told me that Zara is his type. Tanya is not his type”. Not Harris being useful and spilling tea on #Aftersun! [sic]’ ‘I’m sorry but how can no one see that Shaq is just playing games and sticking with Tanya because he’s trying to win’, this user said. Despite suspicions Shaq and Tanya may be on the outs, online viewers also slammed Haris for causing drama. This account posted: ‘Haris trying to sabotage Shaq and Tanya by saying Shaq told him that Zara is more his type is pathetic. That’s irrelevant now, this hater is trying to get his two mins [sic]’. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Ron Hall fights ‘temptation’ with bombshell Samie Elishi after reconciling with Lana Jenkins: ‘She’s 100% my type on paper’ MORE : Love Island’s Tom Clare kisses Ellie Spence in shock twist: ‘It’s our little secret’ 