Jeremy Kyle shut down speculation that Ghislaine Maxwell was paid to give an exclusive interview for TalkTV. After being sentenced to 20 years behind bars for helping Jeffrey Epstein abuse teenage girls, the British socialite appeared on TalkTV from her Florida jail during Monday’s installment. Maxwell was found guilty of luring young girls to massage rooms for the billionaire to molest between 1994 and 2004, and has since been described as one of the most notorious female prisoners. Speaking for the first time since her sentence, the former socialite confessed the billionaire financier – who died on 10 August 2019 – had ‘devastated’ her life. Halfway through the special, presenter Kyle addressed the claims that the network paid Maxwell for the interview. ‘Your questions have been coming in, including one in particular,’ the 57-year-old began. ‘”How much did we pay Maxwell for this interview?” Let me tell you categorically… not a damn penny and nor would we,’ he added. Despite his admission, viewers clammed the broadcaster for giving the sex trafficker ‘a voice’ instead of her victims. ‘Why on earth is Ghislaine Maxwell – a serious sex trafficker – being allowed to give self-aggrandising, misleading interviews to Jeremy Kyle?’ one person tweeted. During an explosive hour-long show, Maxwell revealed how she went from a life of privilege to becoming a convicted sex trafficker. She also criticised the food in prison and being fed a diet of beans and tofu, as well as opening up about her famous friends including Prince Andrew and Bill Clinton. Before the special was aired, Mr Kyle stressed that Maxwell did not apologise to any of her victims at any point. ‘There is no part of any of this where she apologises to her victims, he said. ‘For me, they are the first and most important thing we should think about, the people who were trafficked, the young girls who were taken advantage of. ‘Away from that, there is so much that she talks about. Then, one asks about the timing because you would have read over the weekend that the Duke of York is considering a new legal battle.’ Uncensored airs weeknight at 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Meet SAS: Who Dares Wins – Jungle Hell host Mark ‘Billy’ Billingham MORE : Jeremy Kyle slammed for giving platform to sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell