This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. If you have a little one – or are expecting a baby – Aldi has a whole range of affordable essentials available. From potty training to feeding, you don’t have to spend a fortune to get the best solutions for your family. To help your child get used to using the toilet, this potty features a real life-like flushing sound when the button is pressed, an integrated splash guard, and an anti-slip base to stop the potty from sliding. The inner bowl can be easily removed for cleaning too. Buy for £19.99 on the Aldi website and in stores. This three-in-one baby booster can be used as a floor seat, feeding seat and booster chair. It fits most babies comfortably, and has a three-point safety belt for extra security. Buy for £29.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. We love our babies, but their dirty nappies? Not so much. This compact bin twists and individually wraps each nappy so that unpleasant odours can’t escape, alongside an antibacterial Greenfilm coating that kills up to 99% of dangerous germs. Buy for £22.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Whether it’s for making your own baby food or just levelling up your culinary game, this bargain food processor is ideal if you’re short on worktop space. It has chop, mix, pulse and reverse functions and a safety lock, as well as being dishwasher safe for your convenience. Buy for £14.99 (was £19.99) on the Aldi website now, or in stores from Sunday January 15. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : ‘Shop your stash’ to get more out of your makeup without spending a penny MORE : If you struggle to save, an automatic deposit app does the hard work for you