Anne Hathaway has shared her creepiest journalist encounter from her years in the spotlight during a promotional tour for her new flick Eileen. The star was taking part in a Q&A series at the Sundance Film Festival over the weekend when she recalled the strange moment from the early days of her acting career. She said the encounter happened when she was just 16 and told audiences about the incident right after her upcoming thriller premiered at the festival. Anne, 40, remembered the question as being one of the very first to ever be put to her as she stepped into the limelight following her performance in The Princess Diaries in 2001. ‘I just remembered one of the very first questions I ever got asked when I started acting and had to do press was: Are you a good girl or a bad girl?,’ the Devil Wears Prada star explained, according to Variety. Continuing on, she said: ‘I was 16. And my 16-year-old self wanted to respond with this film.’ The Hollywood star shared why she was so desperate to work on Eileen and credited director William Oldroyd for twisting her arm. After watching the creative’s 2016 re-make of the Shakespearean drama Lady Macbeth – which starred Florence Pugh as a woman trapped in a marriage to an older man – she was fixated on working with William. Anne commented: ‘I thought it was an extraordinary work. ‘I saw a study of female complication that hit me really, really deep, and I felt like Will was a filmmaker that could be trusted to tell complicated stories, especially about females.’ The drama is supposedly being released this year and follows the titular character as she navigates a friendship with her new co-worker at the prison facility where she works that ultimately takes a twisted and sinister turn. Set in 1960s Boston, Eileen is based on the 2015 novel of the same moniker that was written by Otessa Moshfegh. The actress plays Rebecca who joins the prison staff and alters the main characters life unimaginably. On the topic of Anne’s early career, the star remembered another embarrassing moment from her early days in the glittering spotlight. She told Interview magazine last year: ‘There was this one time where I was very young and dressed myself for an event, and I stepped onto a red carpet and did not know my dress was see-through, and I wasn’t wearing a bra.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Excited Anne Hathaway urges us all to be patient over new Princess Diaries film MORE : Dame Julie Andrews addresses Princess Diaries 3 return and it’s not looking good  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 