Tatjana Patitz, a supermodel who starred in George Michael’s Freedom video alongside Cindy Crawford and Linda Evangelista, has died. The star died at the aged of 56, her agents confirmed to publications including The Daily Mail. As well as being a cover model who walked the runway in the 80s and 90s, Patitz starred in George Michael’s iconic music video for Freedom! ’90 with the likes of Christy Turlington and Naomi Campbell. Vogue’s Anna Wintour paid tribute to the late model, writing: ‘Tatjana was always the European symbol of chic, like Romy Schneider-meets-Monica Vitti. ‘She was far less visible than her peers—more mysterious, more grown-up, more unattainable—and that had its own appeal.’ Patitz, born in Hamburg to an Estonian mother and German father before moving to Sweden, began modelling aged 17 in 1983. She had entered an Elite Model Contest in Stockholm where she won, after placing third, a trip to Paris with a limited-time contract. Patitz then went on to model fro the likes of Versace and Chanel on runways and in print, as well as on the cover for Vogue and Harper’s Bazaar. As well as Freedom, Patitz appeared in the video for Duran Duran’s Skin Trade, and played a murder victim in Rising Sun in 1993 alongside Sean Connery. She also starred in international TV adverts for brands including Cartier, Pantene and Revlon, and appeared alongside Evangelista, Turlington, Campbell and Kate Moss in Vauxhall Corsa’s 1992 commercial. She dated Pierce Brosnan and Nick Kamen before marrying Jason Johnson in 2003 with whom she shared a son with. The pair divorced in 2009. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Come Dine With Me contestant Nicholas Blything found dead in bedroom by brother aged 36 MORE : Naomi Campbell marks 2023 with rare pictures of toddler daughter celebrating New Year’s Eve together  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 