Any self-respecting plant parent will know that a cactus needs very little attention in order to thrive – in fact, it prefers to be left alone. And on the other end of the scale you have the needy fern. It requires direct sunlight, just the right temperature, and consistent watering to live its best life. Now, while you might not think you have much in common with the houseplants sitting on your window sill, think again. New research has revealed that it’s helpful to determine which ‘relationship pattern’ best describes how you interact with your other half, and one such pattern is the cactus/fern dynamic. These green-fingered labels have actually been around for a while amongst psychologist and academics, but simply put, it’s a way to describe types of attachment style. Ness Cooper, relationship and sex expert explains: ‘The cactus and fern relationship pattern is when the needs of the two parties are mismatched – one person in the relationship needs more attention and support than the other. ‘It’s similar to the way we see cacti as plants that are very independent and like to be left alone, whereas ferns need more attention to flourish.’ Psychologist Emma Kenny says it’s easy to see the similarities to our favourite fauna. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Typically, the fern is going to be craving attention and be very tactile, and the cactus is going to self-sufficient.’ So how do you know if you’re a cactus or a fern? ‘Cacti may have been told they have a ‘prickly personality’ – which can be hard when it comes to connecting with others,’ says Ness. ‘They may also have attachment avoidant tendencies – these could be caused by how they’ve been taught to respond to relationships and intimacy.’ Emma agrees that becoming a cactus could be a result of a person’s upbringing. She says: ‘This may apply to people who grew up in homes with avoidant parents, who are used to being emotionally starved. The cactus thinks that being isolated – even within a relationship – keeps them safe.’ Ferns on the other hand are more co-dependent. Emma says: ‘A fern is very reliant on another person – so maybe their parental experience is caring, loving – and perhaps a little indulgent.’ ‘Someone who is a fern may be seen as overly soft and give in more,’ adds Ness. But don’t pigeon hole yourself as one of the other. Ness says: ‘During different developmental stages, someone may go from a fern to a cactus, for example. ‘The individual may learn that their partner can only give them so much, and learn how to self soothe.’ And if you think you’re in a cactus/fern pairing, don’t panic – you can still have a successful relationship. It’s all about communication. Emma says: ‘At first, the fern is going to be the one doing all the work, and the cactus is the one that wants to absorb it – but won’t be finding it easy. ‘For change to occur, both parties need to temper their behaviour – one becoming more open, and the other becoming more self-reliant.’ Ness agrees: ‘It’s all about setting boundaries and not over stepping them.’ ‘A big part of this is explaining the motivations behind how you feel, and why this results in certain needs.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : In praise of the Golden Retriever Boyfriend MORE : The dangers of datedreaming: Why your crush will never live up to your unrealistic expectations