Nine-time Australian Open champion Novak Djokovic has furiously confronted an umpire over a heckler on Rod Laver Arena, accusing him of being ‘drunk out of his mind’ and urging security to boot him out. The incident occurred in the fourth set as the 21-time major winner attempted to see off French world No.191 Enzo Couacaud in the second round on Thursday, which he eventually won 6-1 6-7 6-2 6-0. One spectator started heckling Djokovic relentlessly as the 35-year-old Serbian turned to the umpire and said: ‘The guy is drunk out of his mind, from the first point he has been provoking [me]. He’s not here to watch tennis. ‘He just wants to get in my head. What are you going to do about it? You heard him at least 10 times. I heard him 50 times. Get security, get him out of the stadium.’ Before the Grand Slam got underway, Australian Open organisers vowed to kick out any fans who may unfairly target Djokovic. The move split opinion with fellow tennis star Nick Kyrgios feeling it was justified while Swiss player Stan Wawrinka said fans should be able to voice their views. Djokovic’s victory over Couacaud means he will next face 27th-seed Grigor Dimitrov in the third round as he attempts to equal Rafael Nadal on 22 major titles. Djokovic – who aggravated his existing hamstring injury in the early stages of the second set – is bidding to win his 10th singles trophy at Melbourne Park and is already the most successful men’s player in the tournament’s history. Speaking after his win over Couacaud, he said on the court: ‘There was a lot happening in tonight’s match and he deserves credit for the fight he showed, especially in the second set. ‘We both had some medical timeouts and struggled a little bit I managed to respond well in the third in the fourth set. I love playing night sessions and let’s keep it going. ‘It’s expected when you walk on the court as the favourite and someone is playing his first match on Rod Laver Arena and goes for his shots. ‘You just have to adapt to that and accept it. I had many opportunities in the second set to win it and he pushed me into a third and fourth and you just have to deal with it. ‘It’s one of those situations and circumstances where maybe things aren’t going perfect but that’s sport and I’ve been in this situation so many times before. ‘I have the understanding of what you need to do in the moment. I haven’t played Gregor in many years. ‘I don’t think we’ve faced each other here on this court. He’s been playing some great tennis off the court. Balkan brothers so let the best player win.’ Djokovic later told Eurosport about the hecking fan: ‘Some really interesting circumstances that you have to deal with, but you know, I guess that’s Grand Slam night sessions. ‘They can be electric in both positive and negative ways, you just have to accept it and get the most out of it.’ MORE : Denis Shapovalov tells Aus Open fan to ‘shut up’ and accuses them of having too many beers MORE : Nick Kyrgios apologises to ‘drunk’ fan for ‘700 drinks’ claim at Wimbledon final with Aussie to pay £20,000 to charity 