A ‘warped’ and ‘angry’ killer who slashed his girlfriend’s throat before killing a colleague has been found guilty of murder. Lee Peacock, 50, was out to ‘punish’ his partner Sharon Pickles, 46, and Clinton Ashmore, 59, during a two-day violent spree through Westminster in August 2021, the Old Bailey heard. The self-confessed burglar and thief turned the 4cm-long knife on himself when police tracked him down to a houseboat in north London after a five-day manhunt. Peacock, who had only been released from prison just two months before, admitted killing the pair but denied it was murder. A jury retired at the Old Bailey today and deliberated for two hours and 20 minutes to find Peacock guilty of the double murder. The jury heard how Peackcock murdered his girlfriend before wrapping her body in a duvet and hiding it under the bed. Peacock then went to the home of Clinton Ashmore, 59, the same day and slit his throat too. He claimed Mr Ashmore was part of a gang he blamed for exploiting Ms Pickles while he was in jail by selling her drugs. Ms Pickles’ body was discovered by police at her home in Ashbridge Street, Marylebone, three days later. Peacock killed Mr Ashmore around midnight on the same day in Jerome Crescent, St John’s Wood, half a mile from Ms Pickles’ home. He had visited his estranged father Terry to confess to his girlfriend’s murder with her kitten in his rucksack. Peacock demonstrated how he killed her by drawing his finger across his throat. Police found him on a boat on the Grand Union Canal six days later and he tried to cut his own throat as he arrested. Giving evidence he denied he intended to harm Ms Pickles and told jurors he was ‘not a monster’. Peacock claimed Mr Ashmore came at him first but he was convicted by the jury of two counts of murder after two hours and 20 minutes of deliberation. Five members of the victims’ families celebrated and cried as the verdicts were delivered, while Peacock showed no emotion. Ms Pickles’ father David Pickles said in a victim impact statement that losing his daughter had had a devastating effect, only two years after the death of his wife in 2019. He said: ‘It left me numb, I have found it impossible to celebrate birthdays or even Christmas because my daughter wasn’t at rest and had no peace. ‘It doesn’t feel real that Sharon is gone, I miss her more than words can describe.’ Her brother Robert Pickles said: ‘When details started emerging about Sharon’s death I couldn’t comprehend what had happened. ‘The last 17 months have taken a toll mentally and psychically. The hardest part was listening to someone trying to excuse and justify their actions.’ She also left behind a daughter. Mr Ashmore’s sister Claire Ashmore said: ‘Clint had a great life and met people from all over the world. ‘We loved him dearly. No words can share the pain caused, our world is shattered and changed forever. ‘We had to tell our elderly frail mother her son had been killed, the worst news to tell a parent. We had to watch her bury her first-born son. ‘Souls like Clint are rare, the kindest soul ever, he was not only our brother but our friend, someone who shone brightly in this world and his life was cruelly put out by someone who gave no thought or care for his actions.’ He had an appalling criminal record for multiple burglaries and thefts before he even met Ms Pickles Peacock in 2004. Peacock told jurors he came from a good family in Hertfordshire and went to school in St Albans. But he started smoking cannabis when he was 14, before progressing to LSD, Ecstasy, MDMA, cocaine and eventually crack. He was released from prison just two months before the killings but said: ‘I’ve never been violent up until what happened, I wasn’t even violent in the 15 years I’d been with her. ‘Obviously for chunks I was in jail, but she was my princess, not a hair on her head would ever get hurt, by me, or if I was around.’ Ed Brown, KC, prosecuting, said Peacock murdered Ms Pickles when she laughed at him and said he did not have the courage to kill anyone. ‘Mr Peacock told police he was with Sharon in the bedroom of her flat. ‘They were talking about a man he named as Scuilla, a drug dealer. He said he knew Sharon had been in contact with that man whilst he had been in prison. ‘He claimed he didn’t mind if she slept with people while he had been in prison as it was his own fault that he was absent from her. ‘But he spoke to her, he said, about killing Scuilla. He said he hated Scuilla because he, that man, had given drugs to Sharon and taken advantage of her. He told police: ‘I was lining him up to just execute the c–t, I was lining him up.’ Mr Brown said: ‘He said Scuilla had made Sharon like his gangster girl. He said his plan was to kill Scuilla, to kill Dana who he said had been a bully, to kill Marcia Jones who also had also taken advantage of Sharon and to kill another, Frankie Smiley. ‘And when he said he was going to kill Scuilla, Sharon started laughing at him, saying that he couldn’t kill him, and this really upset him, that she was laughing at him. ‘He said that Sharon went to call the man Scuilla and as she did, he went to her, said ‘I’m sorry’ and killed her. ‘He had the knife on him. He claimed he lashed out at her using the knife, cut her throat.’ He told police he found Ms Pickles laughing at him over killing Scuilla ‘almost impossible to take.’ In the days before the incident Ms Pickles had texted Peacock and said ‘I’m done with you…leave me alone,’, ‘It’s evil what you’re doing to me…we both know it’s over…you’re wicked.’ Ms Pickles sent another message which read: ‘Do not come in this house, put the key on the table outside and leave me alone you two-faced piece of shit.’ On 18 August, Peacock texted family to say he was in ‘serious trouble’ adding: ‘My time on this earth is very limited.’ He said: ‘After this conversation with me you will never hear from me again… I will never be released from prison. ‘My hands have been forced after what he did last night.’ On the morning of August 19, Peacock turned up at one of Mr Ashmore’s neighbours house to smoke cocaine. He told him he and Ms Pickles had had ‘one of their arguments’. Mr Brown said: ‘It was at about 9pm that the defendant appeared at the front door of his parents address. ‘This was a surprise to his father – they were estranged and Mr Peacock senior had not seen his son for some two and a half to three years. ‘At first they spoke on the doorstep but it became clear that whatever it was, was serious. ‘The defendant went into the sitting room. He was asked by his father what is was that he wanted to say. ‘He replied that he’d killed three people, one his girlfriend Sharon and, in his words, ‘two black b——s’. ‘Whenever he was questioned more closely by his father, all he would do was play with a kitten that he had brought with him in a rucksack.’ He later said it was his girlfriend’s kitten. Mr Brown said: ‘Then he went on to describe in more detail what he had done and how he had killed his apparent three victims; he drew a hand across his throat ‘just as you see on the TV,’ he said. ‘It was almost unbelievable to Mr Peacock senior, for obvious reasons.’ Peacock told his father he had been in prison for 14 months and Ms Pickles had not been in touch with him. Mr Brown said: ‘The defendant went on to apparently explain that a lot of black people, as he described, find vulnerable people with a house and move in with them, as ‘cuckoos’, and start dealing drugs from there. ‘He claimed there had been an argument at Sharon’s address and he had killed three people there. ‘The defendant even showed his father a knife he had brought with him – as the knife he said he had used. ‘The defendant was getting very agitated and appeared to say he wanted to prove that what he was saying was true but his father just wanted him out. After about 20 minutes of being in the address, the defendant left. ‘Mr Peacock senior called his wife. she was with a neighbour at the time, and they immediately called the police. ‘There was obviously an immediate police search for the defendant and he was not traced until 25 August when he was discovered on a house boat in the Grand Union canal. ‘Upon the arrival of police, the defendant tried to cut his own neck with a knife, before being restrained by officers.’ He was taken to hospital where he underwent surgery. In his pocket police found three notes confessing to the murders and giving reasons why they were committed. A note was also found at Ms Pickles’ home signed by the defendant implicating him in the murder and saying she did not deserve to die. Mr Brown said: ‘The defendant’s actions were as cold-blooded as they were determined. ‘The defendant, you may think, was ruthless. ‘The killings, linked as they are plainly, were no accident. ‘Given his determination and the use of a knife to the neck of each victim, the defendant can have intended nothing less than to kill.’ Peacock told police: ‘It’s pretty obvious, isn’t it, so just get me to court, put me in front of a judge and let him make up his mind.’ Peacock, of Harrow Road, Maida Hill, west London, denied but was convicted of two counts of murder. He will be sentenced tomorrow. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.