A vet is sending hearts racing after he saved a puppy who accidentally glued its own mouth shut. Bleu the four-month-old cocker spaniel got into the sticky situation when he wolfed down an entire tube of superglue. He managed to glue his jaw completely shut and worried owner Carli Coulson, 34, rushed him to her vet in Bedlington, Northumberland. Veterinary surgeon Dr Robert Dorward sedated Bleu and used swabs soaked in olive oil to gently remove the powerful adhesive from his lips, teeth and tongue. Bleu had made a full recovery after just 20 minutes. Dr Dorward said: ‘Bleu was a very lucky puppy as superglue can be very dangerous if swallowed. ‘Thankfully, he was brought in to us quickly and I was able to draw on knowledge from an emergency medicine course, to immediately use olive oil to remove the glue from his mouth. ‘If that trick didn’t work, Bleu would have needed extensive surgery to his mouth and tongue to remove the glue and would have ended up with an intensive recovery period over several months. ‘It always puts a smile on my face when we’re able to help a beloved pet make a speedy recovery and cases like this make me incredibly proud of our brilliant team and clinical facilities here in Bedlington.’ Dr Dorward added: ‘Bleu was certainly lucky but this case was certainly not a one off. Dogs often eat whatever they can reach. ‘The strangest thing we had in practice was a dog who ate a whole set of Christmas tree lights – we really do see it all.’ A picture of the 34-year-old vet with Bleu on the Vets4Pets Facebook page soon went viral for one rather obvious reason. Karen Schubeler wrote: ‘I think I’ll get a dog, just to see the vet.’ Phillippa Webb added: ‘I think I’ll be changing vets very soon.’ Others teased about taking their pets in for an ’emergency’ check up with Dr Dorward. Lisa Breeze joked: ‘Wow I’m just glueing my dog to the wall!’ Sarah Cunningham added: ‘Why does my vet not look like Robert?’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.