The pandemic proved that not only can we work flexibly as a nation, but many of us actually thrive doing so. And, after having a taste for flexible work, employees are now keen to carry it on long-term. In fact, research last year found that a third of workers would quit if they were forced to return to the office full-time. With this in mind – and with January being prime job-hunting season – a report of the 100 most flexible employers has just been released, with the likes of Mars UK, Virgin Media O2, Elvie and Huel on the list. To produce the report, researchers analysed hundreds of thousands of data points to compare the benefits, working hours and location on offer at different companies, and surveyed thousands of employees. So if you’re currently looking for a new job, it’s definitely food for thought. According to the data, the number of job seekers expressing a preference for ‘remote-first’ roles (where staff spend most but not all of their time working remotely) more than tripled between January and December last year. During the same period, the number of workers looking for roles with ‘fully flexible’ working hours increased by 23%. Overall, it seems startups and scale-ups are the most flexible companies to work for, but larger companies (with 1000 or more employees) are also getting better at offering it, as many rank higher in the report than ever before. Digging into specifics, SaaS is the most flexible sector to work in – as 26% of companies that made the top 100 operate in this industry. The companies at the top in this field where Tyk in first place, Filtered in second, and Whereby and ScreenCloud in joint third. Whereas HR and Recruitment followed behind as the second most flexible sector. Produced by Flexa Careers, the report aims to celebrate and showcase the most progressive, flexible companies on offer – but it also shines a light on workplace trends. Molly Johnson-Jones, the co-founder and CEO of Flexa, said: ‘Flexible working is no longer a “nice to have”. For the near-three quarters of a million job seekers using Flexa alone, flexible working has become a “must have”. ‘Since last year’s report, we’re increasingly seeing this reflected in policy making, with new and soon-to-be laws recognising that flexible work is now firmly a part of the mainstream, and that it’s here to stay.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Is self-doubt holding you back? How to be more confident at work this year MORE : Is your manager a ‘seagull boss’, who flies in, dumps on everyone, then flies off? MORE : ‘Loud quitting’ is about making noise at work to get what you want – here’s how to do it properly