Brad Pitt is reportedly planning to take a step back from Hollywood. The 59-year-old star remains one of the biggest names in the movie industry, but Brad is apparently looking to wind down some of his work commitments. It comes after the actor and producer sold a 60% stake in the production company that he founded with his ex-wife Jennifer Aniston, Plan B, in December to French media conglomerate Mediawan. Through Plan B, he has been Oscar-nominated for best film on numerous occasions, including for 12 Years a Slave and The Big Short. A source explained: ‘Brad has decided that he wants to live a peaceful life going forward and is deciding what ‘semi-retirement’ looks like for him.’ However, it’s said he intends to continue acting. A second insider confirmed to Page Six: ‘One thing he’s decided is that he will likely continue acting.’ The Once Upon a Time in Hollywood actor is soon to be seen in UK cinemas in Damien Chazelle’s dark tale of 1920s and 1930s Hollywood, Babylon, alongside Margot Robbie, Jean Smart, Tobey Maguire and Diego Calva, a performance for which he has been Golden Globe-nominated. Rumours surfaced last year that the star was set to fully retire from the business after saying he was on the ‘last leg’ of his career during promotional duties for comedic thriller Bullet Train last year. ‘I consider myself on my last leg, this last semester or trimester,’ he told GQ at the time. ‘What is this section gonna be? And how do I wanna design that?’ Brad’s first on-screen role was in 1987 in the TV series Hunk. Since then, he’s starred in films including Fight Club, Ocean’s Eleven, 21 Jump Street, Moneyball, Mr and Mrs Smith, and Se7en. However, he later clarified that he wasn’t planning on going anywhere any time soon. Speaking to press at the film’s premiere, he admitted: ‘I really have to work on my phrasing.’ Clarifying what he meant, Brad said to Deadline: ‘I was just saying, “I’m past middle age and I want to be specific about how I spend those last things however they may be”. ‘I’ve never been a five-year plan kind of guy. I’m just, whatever feels right for the day. I still operate that way.’ The actor saw in the New Year in style after he reportedly jetted away on a luxury holiday with his rumored girlfriend Ines de Ramon, 30. He was first linked with the jewellery designer at the tail end of last year and the pair were later spotted on a date night celebrating his birthday in December. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Brad Pitt for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paris Hilton seemingly shuts down ‘ridiculous conspiracy theories’ over photoshopping Britney Spears into picture MORE : Oscar-winning director Sir Sam Mendes believes gender neutral awards are ‘inevitable’: ‘It’s perfectly reasonable’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 