Love Island star Tasha Ghouri may have found love in the villa with Andrew Le Page, and now she’s keen for her dad to have a go too, it seems. The 23-year-old and her real estate boyfriend made it all the way to the finals last year, when Ekin-Su Culculolgu and Davide Sanclimenti took home the prize. Along the way they brought us plenty of dramatic moments, including Andrew’s notorious ‘I licked her t*t or whatever’ line, while dad Tarek watched at home and threw his support behind the couple. But now, Tasha is urging for him to appear on the new spin-off show. ITV have officially announced that it’s time for people who are 40 plus to start ‘cracking on’ as the network contestants start grafting in a luxurious pad. The reboot – titled The Romance Retreat – will adhere to Love Island’s usual structure, however, it’s not been confirmed whether a cash prize will be at stake. The casting call read: ‘ITV1 are looking for vibrant single parents from across the UK who are in search of love, for a brand new dating show! ‘This is the ONLY dating show where single parents can search for love, by spending time in a luxury retreat, where all the parents have been nominated by their grown up children.’ Retweeting an article announcing the news, Tasha wrote: ‘Dad this is your moment to shine… ‘The entertainment joker king x’ Perhaps Tasha was even hinting for her dad to take on the role of host, as ITV have yet to announce who will be fronting the new series. The advert also teased a first look at the villa that will potentially feature in the upcoming series. The boujee building – which showcases a glass balcony- is centered in the middle of a sprawling garden. This comes after former Big Brother presenter Davina McCall recently threw her name in the ring to host. ‘I’m literally begging ITV to let me present mid-life Love Island. I could fill a villa in Love Island with the best back stories you have ever heard in your life,’ the 55-year-old told Steven Bartlett on his Diary of a CEO podcast. She enthusiastically added: ‘They’ve lived a life! They’re widows, they’re people who have been through horrific divorces, they’re people who have split up with somebody and decided they want to try to go out with somebody the same sex as them. ‘They’re interesting people! I’d watch that show.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spin-off featuring middle aged contestants finally announced by ITV MORE : Love Island’s Ron Hall completely loses his head over bombshell Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown: ‘She’s got everything’ 