A man in Utah shot his five children, his mother-in-law, and his wife before killing himself, authorities said on Thursday. Michael Haight was found dead in his home alongside his family just two weeks after his wife, Tausha Haight, filed for divorce. ‘Investigators currently believe there are no suspects outstanding,’ Enoch City Manager Rob Dotson said on Thursday. ‘Evidence suggests the suspect took his own life after killing seven people in the home.’ The couple’s five children were among the victims. They were not named, but they were identified as three girls ages 17, 12, and 7, along with two boys ages 7 and 4. Additionally, Tausha’s mother, Gail Earl, 78 was also killed. Enoch Mayor Geoffrey Chesnut called the tragedy a ‘tremendous blow’ to his and many other families in the community. ‘The Haights were my neighbors. Their youngest children played in my yard with my sons,’ Chesnut said at a news conference. Chesnut said the neighborhood is incredibly close-knit. ‘The neighbors are good, the people are wonderful, and the efforts we make on one another’s behalf is like family.’ Police were originally called to the home to conduct a welfare check on Tausha. ‘Someone with whom Tausha had an appointment yesterday morning called and reported she had missed the appointment.’ They then requested police conduct a welfare check on the woman. While police were searching for Tausha, they were made aware that she had filed for divorce on Wednesday, December 21. However, authorities said it is too early to determine a motive in the case. Tausha’s divorce attorney, James Park, said his client had not expressed fear that her husband would hurt or kill her. He said he only met with her twice, and described her as ‘an incredibly nice lady.’ Mayor Chesnut did not know if Michael was living in the house at the time of the shooting. ‘We know that her [Tausha’s] mother was there, and had been there providing support through the difficulties they were encountering,’ he said. Investigators have not determined exactly when the shootings took place. Mayor Chesnut said witnesses spoke with Tausha and one of her daughters the night before at a church activity. He also said other families in the area did not report hearing any gun shots. However, this may be due to the neighborhood’s low density. ‘They’re gig homes on half-acre lots,’ Chesnut said. ‘You don’t hear a lot coming from your neighbors’ homes. The victims were transported away from the home and a state medical examiner will conduct an autopsy. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.