Carol Vorderman shared details on her active love life and revealed she is simultaneously dating five men but won’t ever indulge in ‘one night stands’. The Countdown presenter, 62, admitted she is currently dating multiple men at once during a conversation that say her expose intimate information about life in her later years. Dubbing the secret admirers her ‘special friends’, the star has spoken about her roster of men in the past. The mother-of-two reflected on her bewilderment at the reaction to the news of her multiple partners but acknowledged her lifestyle encouraged other women to approach dating differently. For the past decade, the TV personality has been operating her love life to the tune of a ‘system’ that works for her. She revealed that she had been dating some of her ‘special friends’ for many years and has been in ‘long-term relationships if you like’ with them. Carol told Michelle Visage on Rule Breakers when asked about her relationship status: ‘I’m having the best time. ‘I’ve spoken about this once. I have a system which I’ve had for 10 years. They’re called ‘special friends’. ‘I spoke a couple of months ago about having “special friends” and it was like, again, the world had fallen in for some people but actually what I found was there was an awful lot of women who said “I’d never thought about it like this”’. She continued on to explain in detail her relationships with each man: ‘One’s 11 years, one’s seven years, you know everyone is single. It’s a happy place. I hasten to add I’m not into one-night stands. ‘The language around a woman of my generation is that if you had more than one partner when you got married you were this you were that. ‘Everything was derogatory about a woman, that was the environment I was growing up in. It was like ‘she’s desperate’, everything was judgmental.’ The TV host got married aged 24 in 1985 to a Royal Navy officer, Christopher Mather but their entanglement was short-lived and they split 12 months later. At 30, Carol took a trip down the aisle again, this time to meet management consultant Patrick King in 1990. The couple welcomed two children during their marriage which lasted until 2000. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Carol Vorderman batters Rishi Sunak over his maths until 18 proposal: ‘Does he have any idea of what real people go through?’ MORE : Carol Vorderman reveals security measures on camping trip after obtaining restraining order against stalker 