January blues and dismal weather getting you down? Most of us spend all year waiting for a week in the sun, but this new package gives you the opportunity to turn your life into a holiday… at least for a few months anyway. Travel company On The Beach today announced a special ‘work from holiday’ deal with two hotels in Turkey, offering Brits a cut-price three-month stay with everything included. As part of the scheme, customers can enjoy a twelve-week getaway in stunning Antalya, where temperatures average at 21C over the winter months, at a bargain price. Choose between the four star Kleopatra Atlas Hotel at £19 per night (£1,586 for the full stay) and the Lake and River Side Hotel and Spa at £22 per night (£1,850 for the full stay) on an all inclusive basis. That means a has much food and drink you like, as well as free high speed WiFi so you can continue to work if you need to. If those savings weren’t tempting enough, On The Beach is highlighting the money you can make by spending a few months away from home. Using the average price of renting out a home on AirBnb (£120 per night) and the average spend on bills (£554 a month), the brand claims you could actually finish your trip in profit of up to £18,000. Peter Innes, 41, of St Albans, Herts, was one of the many people keen to jet away, saying: ‘I’m an IT advisor, so can work from anywhere. ‘Imagine sitting on a beach with a cocktail and plate of calamari – all for free – and making a whack load of money at the same time. ‘It sounds like something only a fairy godmother could grant.’ Zoe Harris, of On the Beach added: ‘We’re seeing more people than ever before being able to work from anywhere, so we thought we’d make the ultimate WFH package, 2,500 miles away in the warmer climates of Antalya.’ The packages, which include flights, start this week – with flights available from Manchester or Gatwick airports. Fancy it? Book online now. Alternatively, you can call On The Beach to book, quoting ‘work from holiday’ to the operator. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why going ‘damp’ could be the change you need for 2023 – from the people who’ve done it MORE : Get your app profile ready for Dating Sunday 2023 with these expert tips