The family of a young man who was murdered after being set upon near an Asda by an armed gang have paid tribute to their ‘beloved boy’. Bailey Atkinson, 20, was attacked by a group on High Street, Walsall in the early hours of Saturday morning. He was rushed to hospital following the 1.20am attack but tragically died two hours later. His family said in a statement: ‘: ‘We respectfully ask for privacy at the moment while we grieve the loss of our beloved boy Bailey. ‘Our kind hearted and much loved son, brother and grandson. ‘Bailey was so loved, by so many and will be missed so much.’ ‘We request if anyone has any information, they please come forward to help the police with their enquiries to help catch the individuals who done this and taken away our boy.’ A planned balloon release in memory of Bailey that was due to take place tonight was cancelled by the family in an appeal for privacy at this time. West Midlands Police said the murder investigation into Bailey’s death continues and officers are working ‘around the clock’ to arrest those behind the killing. A police spokesperson said: ‘The scene in Walsall town centre remains and we are searching an area of Willenhall where two vehicles were found with fire damage. ‘Our investigation is making progress and we’re following up a number of positive lines of enquiry. ‘Anyone with CCTV, mobile phone footage or dashcam footage has been asked not to share it on social media, but to get in touch with us.’ Chief Superintendent Phil Dolby, of Walsall Police, earlier made this plea: ‘This was senseless violence that has cost a man his life, and our top priority is catching those responsible. ‘But we’re also very aware that people are worried by what’s happened and also feeling angry. ‘I’d urge people to work with us as we investigate, and get in touch with any information. ‘We’re committed to working with partners across the borough to ensure Walsall is a safe place, and I’ve been speaking to people in the community to reassure then of the steps we are taking to ensure that.’ Get in touch via Live Chat at west-midlands.police.uk or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.