A chef who claimed he was in ‘unbearable pain’ following a work accident has had his £2.2million compensation claim dismissed after he was pictured kayaking with his children on Facebook. Ferenc Sumegi, based at Heathrow Airport, said he was barely able to walk after straining his back lifting a fish tray. The 49-year-old claimed he had to use a stick or crutches to walk and was forced to spend up to 18 hours a day lying down. Sumegi sued his former employer, airport caterer Gate Gourmet UK Ltd, for compensation for injury and the loss of his career. But he is now facing a £75,000 legal bill after the case was thrown out when photos were spotted on the social media site. Sumegi was also seen fishing, paddle boarding, carrying his children on his shoulders and ‘vigorously’ throwing a stick for a dog. Video surveillance also showed him walking unaided, filling up his car with petrol and shopping without ‘any discernible difficulty’. A judge at Oxford Crown Court said his claim was “fundamentally dishonest’ in November last year – a ruling now upheld by the High Court. Sumegi, of Berkshire, said he couldn’t lift anything heavy or do sudden movements. He also claimed the injury, sustained in October 2012, stopped him from running, kneeling, squatting or taking his children to the park. He took time off to recover before returning to work but later said he had to quit due to his ‘significant and continuing’ disabilities. Sumegi said in a statement: ‘If I have to stand for too long then the pain in my back would be unbearable. ‘There is no way I could go back to work as a chef.’ Lawyers representing Gate Gourmet accepted the chef suffered a genuine injury but insisted the symptoms should have cleared within 14 months. They said his claim was worth around £5,000, suggesting £2.2million was ‘grossly inflated’ and ‘fundamentally dishonest’. Sumegi tried to blame his partner for ‘only posting positive photos’ on Facebook, insisting he had good and bad days. He tried to challenge the Oxford Crown Court ruling by Judge Melissa Clarke at the High Court last week – insisting he was ‘not a liar’. But Mrs Justice Yip denied him permission to appeal, describing the original ruling as a ‘model of fairness’. There was ‘no prospect of an appeal being successful,’ she said. This week a passenger demanded compensation after a taxi allegedly drove over his £200 Dr Martens – but the company insists it hasn’t put a foot wrong. And a top executive at a FTSE 250 firm has been awarded £35,000 after he was branded an ‘old fossil’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.