Chelsea have promised Shakhtar Donetsk they will pay whatever it takes to sign Mikhailo Mudryk with Arsenal’s second bid for the in-demand winger set to be rejected. The Gunners have been monitoring the 21-year-old for over 12 months and are desperate to add more firepower to their attack in a bid to sustain their unlikely title challenge. Mikel Arteta’s need for more options was highlighted last night when the league leaders were held at home to a goalless draw by Newcastle at the Emirates Stadium. Without Emile Smith Rowe, still not fit enough to make his first team return, Gabriel Jesus and Reiss Nelson, Arteta opted against making a single attacking change against Eddie Howe’s robust side with only Fabio Vieira, nominally a midfielder, and teenage rookie Marquinho as options. Arsenal saw their opening bid for Mudryk rejected last week and although they have upped their offer to around £62million that too is set to be dismissed, according to Goal. The Ukrainian club value Mudryk at closer to £88million and have pointed to the recent transfers of Jack Grealish and Antony as reason not to be lowballed by Arsenal. Shakhtar are said to be ready to postpone talks until the summer, but director Darijo Srna is due in London this week and is set to hold talks with Chelsea, prior to attending their match against Manchester City at Stamford Bridge.  According to the Independent, Chelsea have informed Shakhtar that would have little issue with meeting their valuation and are prepared to gazump their local rivals. Mudryk is said to have already agreed personal terms with Arsenal and regards them as his first choice having openly flirted with the club in recent weeks. Arsenal are said to be relaxed about the chances of Chelsea scuppering a deal for one of Europe’s most exciting young players and are confident of making him the first of two signings in the January window. The Gunners also hold an interest in out of favour Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix but are not prepared to meet the Spanish club’s demands with the player available for £8million on a six-month loan. Chelsea and Manchester United are also monitoring the former Benfica star’s situation with both clubs in need of a new striker. MORE : Ex-Premier League official blasts ‘totally unacceptable’ Mikel Arteta after Arsenal’s draw with Newcastle United MORE : Arsenal defender Gabriel reacts to being denied a penalty against Newcastle For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 