Manchester United transfer target Harry Kane has officially equalled Jimmy Greaves as Tottenham’s all-time record goalscorer. The Spurs striker opened the scoring against Fulham at Craven Cottage on Monday night in what was his 266th goal for the club in 415 appearances as the game eventually ended 1-0. Kane has been linked with a £80m move to United in the January transfer window with the England captain having entered the final 18 months of his deal at Spurs. The 29-year-old, though, is reportedly open to signing a new contract with Tottenham. Jamie Carragher said at full-time: ‘When you think of Premier League greats, Kane is one of the best we’ve seen. He’ll go down as Tottenham’s greatest player.’ Kane’s 266th goal was a classic move with the striker turning on the edge of the box and guiding a low effort into the bottom right corner past former Arsenal goalkeeper Bernd Leno – in what was also his 199th goal in the Premier League. Gary Neville, who is desperate for United to sign Kane, labelled the Tottenham hero as ‘world-class’ in his half-time analysis. ‘It was the most typical Harry Kane goal you will ever see, once he gets it on that right foot you know what is going to happen,’ Neville told Sky Sports. ‘Spurs have a world-class striker in Kane.’ Carragher added: ‘It’s the head movement I love. Harry Kane finds himself in between the defenders. As it comes into Son [Heung-min] he’s looking where he is. He’s looked three times. The control and hit. ‘For a world-class striker, that’s too much space. Kane doesn’t look up. As the saying goes the goal doesn’t move.’ Gary Lineker, meanwhile, posted on Twitter: ‘What an incredible achievement for @HKane to equal the great @jimmy_greaves as all-time top scorer for @SpursOfficial. ‘And, yes, before you start, I know he’s not won anything. Also, that fact doesn’t make him any the less of a footballer.’ Kane will now attempt to become the top Premier League goalscorer of all time. He is currently nine behind Wayne Rooney’s 208 and 59 behind Alan Shearer’s 260. MORE : Gary Neville sends clear message to Man Utd board over Harry Kane transfer MORE : Manchester United 'already' comparing Harry Kane to Robin van Persie For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 