From custard toast to butter boards, you can rely on TikTok to predict weird and wonderful upcoming food trends. And one particular food, or liquid rather, is dominating feeds at the moment. Bone broth is having a moment on the platform – and there’s no denying it’s a pretty appealing (and warming) option right now, with dark and cold winter evenings. It’s also hot off the heels of the ‘raw-meat’ diet trend – with more and more people opting for meaty meals. Typically made with animal bones, water and vinegar (and left to slow cook), bone brone is widely spoken about having numerous health benefits. In fact, it’s hailed for its immune boosting, anti-ageing and anti-inflammatory properties. But is any of this really true? We asked experts to share everything to know about trending bone broth – from real health benefits to falsehoods and more. Rhiannon Lambert, author of The Science of Nutrition, explains that bone broth does contain nutrients that may benefit the body, but shouldn’t be viewed as a ‘miracle’ fix. She says: ‘While broths contain nutrients – which will vary depending on the animal bones used – it’s about what you eat in your diet every day as a whole, not just a bone broth. ‘I often see bone broth being hailed as a miraculous food to solve many ailments but the truth is, it’s just a nice nutritious liquid that cannot offer anything but that. ‘There’s no evidence that having bone broth means you’re going to absorb protein or other nutrients. ‘Provided you are eating three well-balanced meals a day, it is likely that you will be getting enough protein into your diet anyway. ‘Additionally, owing to the fact that each bone broth can vary from one another, it is not possible to suggest the nutrients in it go beyond protein.’ Dr Justine Butler from Viva! agrees and says it’s important to look at the facts properly. She says: ‘There is no evidence that bone broth can relieve joint pain, make skin firmer, improve digestion or strengthen your bones. The idea that bone broth is a magic bullet for health is based on the notion that our ancient ancestors drank it. ‘This is as flawed as the notion that the collagen in bone broth will rejuvenate our ageing bodies. And some research actually shows our ancient ancestors ate a largely plant-based diet.’ Dr Justine adds that while bone broth does contain collagen, the claim that drinking it will directly benefit your bones and joints is ‘unfounded.’ She adds: ‘When people eat collagen, it is broken down in the body into individual amino acids (the building blocks of protein). These then act like any amino acids consumed, but there is no evidence that ones from bone broth offer an advantage than those in other, healthier foods.’ However, it’s worth pointing out that this doesn’t mean you should eliminate bone broth from your diet – as with any food, it has benefits if consumed in moderation. Rhiannon adds: ‘If you enjoy bone broth then this can be part of your meals accompanied by a well-balanced diet. ‘However, bone broth shouldn’t be seen as a “miracle cure” and should be consumed in moderation. ‘Variety in our diet is key so it is really important to have different foods and meals during the week but variations of favourite dishes is a good way to mix things up. Why not include bone broth in your diet as part of your main meal or even a comforting hot drink between mealtimes?’ Experts also suggest making it yourself, rather than buying it – so you’re aware of everything that goes into it. This is particulalry the case as broth is known to be high in salt. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Money-saving hacks that save cash: From cutting down on food waste to first class travel tips MORE : How to explore Japan on the cheap: From freebies to street food MORE : From Burger King to Subway, try these fast-food plant based offerings this Veganuary