Former SAS: Who Dares Wins frontman Ant Middleton reportedly owes over £1million in tax after his company went bankrupt. The TV personality, 42, became one of the most prominent figures on the brutal Channel 4 show, but is no longer part of it. It was announced in March 2021 that he would not be returning to his role as chief instructor due to ‘personal conduct.’ Before his exit, he came under fire for comments about the Black Lives Matter movement against police brutality, as far-right protesters clashed with demonstrators in London, Ant branded both groups ‘scum’ in a since-deleted tweet. According to reports, Middleton was believed to have made £4.5million before he was axed from the gruelling Channel 4 series. The company, which was founded in 2014, was known as Middleton Global before its title changed to Sway and Starting in November of last year. The Sun claims the business was abandoned, owing £3,318 to other creditors and £1,199,773 to HMRC. Middleton also reportedly took out £2.7million as a ‘director’s loan’ with the paperwork noting it’s ‘uncertain’ how much money would be paid back. A spokesman for Middleton told the publication:’“Due to the impact of lockdowns on Ant’s work and the associated adverse effects on the company, unfortunately Middleton Global Limited has had to be placed into voluntary liquidation. ‘Ant has an extremely busy year ahead and is focused on his TV work, brand deals, books and events.’ Following his show exit, Middleton currently presents SAS in Australia, which he says is more ‘authentic’ and ‘real,’ since it features a course that he has completed himself. ‘So, every cloud!’, he declared. At the time of Middleton’s departure, Channel 4 said in a statement: ‘Ant Middleton will not be taking part in future series of SAS: Who Dares Wins. ‘Following a number of discussions Channel 4 and Minnow Films have had with him in relation to his personal conduct it has become clear that our views and values are not aligned and we will not be working with him again.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Ant Middleton’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins star Jay Morton ‘splits from Lou Teasdale’ after months of dating MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins star teases Matt Hancock was ‘given special treatment’ during brutal training 