Lisa Loring, who was best known for playing Wednesday in the original TV adaptation of The Addams Family, has died aged 64. Her daughter Vanessa Foumberg told Hollywood Reporter that the late star died on Saturday [January 28] night at Providence St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank, California of complications from a stroke caused by high blood pressure. ‘She went peacefully with both her daughters [Vanessa and Marianne] holding her hands,’ she said. Her death was also confirmed in a social media post by her close friend Laure Jacobson, who said: ‘It is with great sadness that I report the death of our friend, Lisa Loring. 4 Days ago she suffered a massive stroke brought on by smoking and high blood pressure. ‘She had been on life support for 3 days. Yesterday, her family made the difficult decision to remove it and she passed last night.’ She continued: ‘She is embedded in the tapestry that is pop culture and in our hearts always as Wednesday Addams. Beautiful, kind, a loving mother, Lisa’s legacy in the world of entertainment is huge. And the legacy for her family and friends — a wealth of humor, affection and love will long play in our memories. ‘RIP, Lisa. Damn, girl…you were a ton of fun.’ Born Lisa Ann DeCinces on Feb. 16, 1958, in the Marshall Islands, Loring was the first to play Wednesday in the live-action adaptation of Charles Addams’ New Yorker cartoons. Her starring role in the series ran between 1964 to 1966, running for 64 episodes in total. Actress Jenna Ortega, who received critical acclaim for her performance as the morbid teen in the Netflix adaptation paid tribute to Loring’s dance in season one episode four. ‘I knew there were certain things I wanted to do. I paid homage to Lisa Loring, the first Wednesday Addams,’ she said. ‘I did a little bit of her shuffle that she does. Of course, they cut out of camera when I did do it, but it’s there! I know it is!’ Loring’s acting credits include As the World Turns, Barnaby Jones, Fantasy Island, The Girl from U.N.C.L.E. and The Phyllis Diller Show. In addition to her daughters, Loring is survived by her grandchildren, Emiliana and Charles. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Christina Ricci blasts ‘elitist’ Oscars board after Andrea Riseborough nomination sparks investigation MORE : 24 and The Last of Us actress Annie Wersching dies aged 45 after cancer battle  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 