A 15-year-old boy has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death outside an Asda store. Ian Kirwan, 53, was attacked near the supermarket in Redditch on March 8, after challenging some boys for ‘messing about’ in the customer toilets. Mr Kirwan, who worked as a contractor for Jaguar Land Rover, died after suffering a chest wound outside the store in Jinnah Road. He had worked as an artificial intelligence engineer initially in Coventry before working from home following the pandemic. He had gone to B&Q in Redditch to purchase a replacement light switch, before going into Asda to buy some wine and snacks. It was whilst using a toilet in the supermarket around 7.15pm when he first encountered the boys, who had entered the store with their hoods up and faces covered. The trial heard one of them was bragging about urinating on the floor while another banged on Mr Kirwan’s cubicle door to get him to hurry up. A few minutes later Mr Kirwan approached the group as they were sat on trollies outside and said words to the effect of: ‘Which one of you was f***ing around in the toilet?’ It was said one of the boys replied ‘If you want a problem we’ll have a problem’ before a scuffle ensued, the court heard. CCTV captured the group of youths confronting Mr Kirwan who made karate-style defensive kicks. Then at 7.19pm the 14-year-old delivered the single fatal blow to his chest with the knife. Mr Kirwan retreated inside the supermarket but died less than an hour later before making it to hospital. The youths, one of whom briefly pursued the victim into the store, fled the area towards Redditch railway station. The youth who stabbed Mr Kirwan accepted he did so, but argued the legal defence of diminished responsibility due to mental health issues. Jurors at Birmingham Crown Court cleared three other youths – two aged 14 and one aged 16 – of murder and manslaughter but found them guilty of violent disorder. A fifth boy, aged 16, was acquitted of murder, manslaughter and violent disorder, having claimed he was not involved in the fatal confrontation and could not have predicted it. None of the boys can be legally identified because of their ages. They will be sentenced at a later date. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.