Chinese New Year is almost upon us, and the nation’s capital has been preparing for the celebrations. 2023 is the year of the Rabbit, and new year celebrations will mark the transition from 2022’s Year of the Tiger. Chinesenewyear.net states: ‘In Chinese culture, rabbits represent the moon. Some say it is because the shadows of the moon resemble a rabbit. Others say it is because of the Rabbit’s pure characteristics. Chinese New Year celebrations can last up to 16 days, but the first seven are considered a public holiday in China. This year, celebrations will begin on January 22, 2023, and conclude with Lantern Festival on February 5. As such, a massive variety of events will be put on to celebrate right across London. From Chinatown to Trafalgar Square, if you’re looking to celebrate the Chinese New Year, here is what you need to know. According to visitlondon.com, the capital’s celebrations of Chinese New Year will be mainly concentrated around the West End and other parts of central London. Here are some of the top picks: One of the obvious highlights of the capital’s CNY celebrations is the New Year parade, which will see more than 50 teams take part, and generally begins on Charing Cross Road at 10am. From there, it will make its way through Shaftesbury Avenue. Beginning at 10am, celebrations will usually take place throughout the day at Trafalgar Square in central London until the early evening. Visitors will be treated to a screen show and thanksgiving ceremony, firecrackers, speeches, the Lions’ Eye-Dotting Ceremony and much more. Food stalls will line the square, and performances will include martial arts displays, flying lion dances, dance shows, and pop acts. Various stages will be positioned around the West End, including the talent and community zone on Shaftesbury Avenue, the family zone in Leicester Square and the martial arts and cultural zone on Charing Cross Road. Obviously, Chinatown will feature some of the best celebrations of the Chinese New Year. From exceptional restaurants to street performers and artwork, Chinatown will definitely be worth a visit over the weekend. MORE : Chinese New Year feasts from the East – from specialty teas to vegetarian dumplings MORE : Is it going to snow this winter in London? Latest January and February 2023 forecasts Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below