*Warning: This article contain spoilers from Happy Valley series 3, episode 4. And just like that Tommy Lee Royce is out of prison, roaming the streets as a free man and naturally Happy Valley fans are absolutely petrified for our Sergeant Catherine Cawood. In another typically nail-biting 60 minutes on Sunday night, viewers were shaken as they watched Ryan skip school to watch his dad on trial. Catherine was knee-deep trying to find the whereabouts of Joanna Hepworth, unaware she’d been murdered by pharmacist Fasial Bhatti and packed into a suitcase. After nonchalantly alerting Joanna’s disappearance to the police, her husband Rob discovered the body and is obviously going to be the prime suspect. While all that was going on, Tommy was being sentenced for murder of Gary Gaggowski but the trial was interrupted by Kneževićs’ gang members causing a fight outside and giving Tommy the perfect opportunity to escape. And as far-fetched as it may have looked, his escape was actually very similar to a real-life case in Manchester. So with Tommy now on the run, what does this mean for the final two episodes of Happy Valley? Well, it feels inevitable not everyone is getting out of this alive. But how will Happy Valley end? ‘Revenge is a dish best served cold,’ has been Ryan’s go-to catchphrase this series, and hasn’t gone unnoticed. Catherine made a point of expressing her surprise that he’d come across the saying and now viewers are convinced he’s actually dropping a big clue that there’s an ulterior motive behind visiting his dad behind bars. Catherine also noted Ryan can Google his dad anytime he wants, and obviously he will have done just that and seen a glimpse into the monster that is his father and what he did to his mother Becky before she took her own life. With Catherine’s retirement just days away, you just know she’ll either spend the day in hospital after a final stand off with Tommy or, worse, she won’t make it out alive. This is the final series of Happy Valley so Sally Wainwright is bound to wrap the story up for good and Catherine’s death would be the most god awful way to kick off 2023 but it feels as though that’s a very strong possibility. In the latest episode, her colleagues confirmed they’d raised over £2,000 by doing a whip-round, with even people she’d arrested wanting to contribute to her retirement gift. ‘They keep bringing up Catherine retirement which means she isn’t making it to retirement,’ noted one viewer on Sunday night which was echoed by many more with exactly the same theory. God help us all. Catherine’s ex and subsequently Ryan’s grandfather Richard Cawood may have bitten off more than he can chew by investigating the Kneževićs. He was in the court room when Tommy escaped and spotted Ryan before they made a dash. However, with Tommy protected by the Kneževićs and with his main mission appearing to be fleeing with Ryan, Richard is only in the way. This is probably wishful thinking but maybe Catherine and Ryan will actually just end up leaving Halifax and take her dream trip to the Himalayas together? Either Catherine kills Tommy or Ryan kills Tommy and they pack their bags and drive off into the sunset. The odds aren’t in their favour but we pray. Happy Valley continues Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 