A satirical vote for England’s ‘worst place to live’ has included a worrying number of London areas. The annual poll, conducted by ilivehere, looks to find the country’s bottom-of-the-barrel, narrowing down the contenders to a top – or bottom – 100 list. From Croydon to Kensington and Chelsea, a mighty 11 areas in the capital continue to rack up votes from the general public in the race to the bottom. West London is heavily featured with appearances from Hounslow, Feltham, Hayes town and Harrow. Meanwhile, East London entries include Newham and Barking & Dagenham. Making sure Sutton isn’t left out, a comment aimed to break the lows of living in the area down read: ‘McDonalds though, is not the worst part about the town centre, no no. The worst part is when you consider the fact that they have a security guard, in Poundland. ******* poundland. ‘And that is simply because that place has been ram-raided more times than Aston Villa have seen goals conceded against them in the past 4 years.’ Another comment read: ‘Toddington. Once a place of friendly people who all knew each other and got along. Now a horrible village full of wannabe ‘Lutoners’. They are ‘badmen’ who are very ‘ARD’ and walk the streets of Toddington frightening everyone they pass. ‘Toddington has become a hostile environment where people just stare each other out as they walk past. Also the failing attempts to set up prosperous businesses is incredible. The Angel pub has had countless owners over the last 5 years and multiple other shops and pubs have failed too.’ London has yet to appear in the top 10 worst places – but Croydon ranked number 17 last year. Peterborough has held the detested title for the past three years with 18.5% of the vote, after being called ‘draining’ and a ‘dump’. In last year’s poll, one anonymous savage comment read: ‘The atmosphere in Peterborough is draining. ‘You feel totally isolated from the rest of the world and life in general, as though everything else is going on and you’re not part of it as you’re stuck in this dump.’ In a statement, the website wrote: ‘It’s that time of year again, but this year we are doing it a little different. ‘We are extending the voting into the new year to let all you work-based slackers vote. ‘Time to choose which provincial dirt hole in England is going to take the title of the worst place to live in the whole country.’ Do you live in the worst town in England? Vote for your area on ilivehere’s poll. Voting closes Tuesday, January 31 – with the result expected to be announced shortly after. MORE : One in 58 people in London is homeless and it’s about to get much worse MORE : Huge housing development is ruining our view of the countryside, say villagers Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.