Ageing might be something you can fix with money and a strict lifestyle as evidenced by tech millionaire Bryan Johnson. According to reports, 45-year-old Johnson has the heart of a 37-year-old and the lungs of an 18-year-old. Reversing the natural process of ageing does not come cheap as Johnson spends nearly $2 million a year to keep his body younger than it is, as reported by Bloomberg. The biotech entrepreneur is hoping to defy nature by going through an intense data-driven experimental program he’s calling Project Blueprint. The intense regimen consists of carefully curated supplements, meals, exercise, and rigorous tests. Johnson’s day begins at 5 a.m with two dozen supplements like lycopene, metformin, turmeric, zinc, lithium etc. He follows a vegan diet which is a mix of solid and soft foods restricted to 1,977 calories a day. In addition, his routine includes three high-intensity workouts a week and several blood tests, MRIs, and colonoscopies a month. ‘What I do may sound extreme, but I’m trying to prove that self-harm and decay are not inevitable,’ Johnson told Bloomberg. The program led by Oliver Zolman, a 29-year-old ‘rejuvenation doctor’, is supported by a team of more than 30 health experts. Johnson claims to have set a world record by reversing his epigenetic age by 5.1 years. A device even tracks Johnson’s rate of nighttime erections which is like that of a teenager, said the report. Johnson is hoping to inspire others to follow his routine in the pursuit of eternal youthfulness by turning it into a contest. Recently, he started a website called Rejuvenation Olympics, where an ‘epigenetic leaderboard’, ranks the 1,750 people in the world who are on a similar quest to reverse ageing. Currently, Johnson ranks first. Other people have bought into the concept of ‘biohacking’ like Leon Kurita-Goudlock, who spends £1,500 a month to stop the ageing process. MORE : Chris Hemsworth fans in tears as he goes on date with wife Elsa Pataky transformed into elderly woman to help ease his ageing fears MORE : Man spends £1,500 every month to stop the ageing process