Julian Sands’ brother has said he fears the worst has happened to the missing actor, who disappeared while hiking in California’s San Gabriel mountain range almost two weeks ago. The 65-year-old actor, who appeared in Ocean’s 13, A Room With a View and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, was identified as one of two missing hikers on Friday, January 13 after being reported missing in the Baldy Bowl area of Mt. Baldy. Infrared devices have been used, as well as helicopters, but there is as of yet no evidence of Sands’ whereabouts. Sensing time marching on, Sands’ older brother Nick, a financial advisor from Gargrave, Yorkshire, has spoken movingly about his beloved brother ‘Jules’. Nick, who last saw his brother in October, told the Craven Herald: ‘He has not yet been declared missing, presumed dead, but I know in my heart that he has gone. ‘However sibling rivalry being what it is, it would be just like him to walk out of there and prove me wrong.’ Sands, who is the middle child of five brothers Robin, Jeremy, Quentin and Nick, was expected to fly over from LA to join them for their ‘Monday Club’ back home in Skipton for a beer. ‘He will be missed, and I guess we will raise a glass to him,’ said Nick. A search was conducted on the day Sands went missing, but soon after halted due to bad weather conditions and the risk of avalanches. Since then, the sheriff’s department has confirmed ‘numerous’ ground and air searches have taken place in lower areas, but searches in higher grounds were still not possible, due to the continuing dangerous conditions. Julian, who moved to California in 2020, is married to Evgenia Citkowitz – who alerted authorities he was missing after he didn’t return home from a hike – with whom he shares 23-year-old daughter Imogen and 26-year-old Natalya. The Room With A View star also shares 37-year-old Henry with his ex-wife, journalist Sarah Sands. As the search entered its 11th day on Monday, Sands’ family thanked the local authorities for their ‘heroic’ efforts in looking for the British actor amid treacherous conditions. ‘We are deeply touched by the outpouring of love and support,’ the statement read. Nick also talked movingly of how the Mt Baldy mountain range was his favourite place, and he was most revived when in hills and mountains. ‘He’s resting now in a place he would truly approve of.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Authorities yet to trace missing actor Julian Sands as search nears end of second week MORE : Julian Sands’ family praise ‘heroic’ efforts of Californian authorities as search for missing actor reaches day 11  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 