This week, we move towards Imbolc (February 1-2), the first Wiccan celebration of the year, the beginning of the end of winter, which means spring is in sight. This is a big cosmic, natural, physical shift. Not only in terms of daylight and temperature, but also our own energies. It’s time to start moving, hoping, putting things in place, taking action, researching the first steps towards your big goals this 2023. Let the tarot guide you, this week, towards where your initiating, hopeful, planning energies need to flow. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Eight of Wands Meaning: It’s time to nurture your network. The Eight of Wands is about getting in the mix, connecting, reuniting, sharing, asking, collaborating, co-operating, supporting, and seeking. Focus on your colleagues, the people with influence in your work world, the people who could mentor you or guide you, the friends who inspire you. Remember, you are the sum of the five people you spend most time with. Make sure they are ones who uplift you! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Two of Wands Meaning: Prioritisation is your theme tune this week ahead. The Two of Wands is a reminder that you can’t do everything all at once. You spread your energies too thinly across too many things and none of them will go well (which will annoy and dispirit you). So, focus. Spend this week scheduling your priorities this spring, making up mini milestones, and a plan of action that is feasible and realistic. And there you go! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Five of Wands Meaning: There’s a bit of angst and confusion around what it is you want to do next, and that’s okay Gemini. You’re just not totally clear on it yet, so let these conflicting ideas and voices flow. Listen in. Consider. Dispel or take on board. And keep moving. Where you’re at today is not where you’ll be at by the end of this week. The Five of Wands is taking you on a journey of discovery towards what you truly want to do… enjoy the ride. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Ace of Cups Meaning: The Ace of Cups is a birth kind of card. So, this spring might bring literal pregnancy, family expansion or even a new pet. But it could also be a new romance, a deep friendship, or a rekindled connection with someone you loved. People aside, the Ace of Cups can also point to amazing new creative ideas, projects and roles… something you pour your heart into. So, what appeals from that list? Pick a priority and start to make moves in its direction this week Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: The High Priestess Meaning: The High Priestess shows you’re keen to learn how to meditate, think mindfully, connect with your intuition (or even psychic ability) this week. You know the value of feeling secure in yourself, knowing your own mind, and being able to rely on gut instinct. You also know that practice makes perfect. You are keen to experiment with different methods and techniques this spring so go and research what you could try. This is going to be a fascinating personal project. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: The Star Meaning: The Star is a wonderful omen revealing that this coming spring is going to bring a dream-come-true your way, but you have to reach out for it. What do you most wish for? Be clear, visualise it, feel it, believe in it, and then make moves towards it this week. You won’t believe how swiftly and significantly the Universe brings you good fortune and opportunity to help you on your way. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Nine of Coins Meaning: This spring could bring about the opportunity to start something which invests in your long term future (five to 10 years). The Nine of Coins is about steady, sustainable and long term improvement, especially around health, wealth and career or home. Maybe you want to move home, or change careers, or overhaul your health and wellbeing, or revamp your finances. It’s not an overnight thing. It’s not a one and done. This is a new journey. It starts here. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: The Emperor Meaning: The Emperor is linked to Mars, which was your associated planet once-upon-a-time (it’s now Pluto, don’t ask me why). So you have an affinity with this card, and it influences your self esteem, confidence and feeling of control over your own destiny. The Emperor asks you to be bold, take charge, do it your way, lead the attack, and be the decision maker. You are a powerful person and it’s time to exercise this power. Don’t wait for others, don’t expect rescue or help. You are going to have take full ownership here (just the way you like it). Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: King of Swords Meaning: Step back and look at your ambitions this year dispassionately. The King of Swords asks you to act like a consultant or observer. What needs to happen by when in order to achieve what you hope to? And therefore what should you be focusing on this spring? Don’t let emotion or feelings interfere here. Be logical, practical, cool-headed, and intelligent. Work it out and make your plan. Job done. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Seven of Wands Meaning: You are itching to get into a new competition, find a new foe to work against, pitch yourself vs a fresh goal or standard. The Seven of Wands sees the sap rising, it promotes your desire to beat a personal best and prove yourself. This might be in work, your personal life or something health-related. It might even be a literal competition. Have a look around and see where you feel most intrigued and inspired and then throw your hat into the ring. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Strength Meaning: Tackle your biggest issue, obstacle, or blockage this spring, and make preparations to do so right now, this week. Strength shows you have everything you need to overcome this. And the journey will prove to be empowering and confidence-building, because you will prove to yourself how strong, capable and resilient you actually are. Sometimes we have to face our demons to make ourselves feel good, in a weird way. You can do this. Prepare to win. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Seven of Cups Meaning: Creativity is an important facet of your life this spring. Whether you are learning a new skill, expressing yourself imaginatively, creating something unique, or living life in a more whimsical way… throw yourself into your creative ideas and notions. The Seven of Cups reassures you that your ideas are magical, original and worth pursuing. This week, make plans to make this spring your most creative season yet. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Venus in Pisces urges you to be wise in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope MORE : What does the Year of the Rabbit mean? Traits, compatibility, and 2023 horoscope MORE : Your star sign’s Aquarius season tarot horoscope – be a world fixer