A botched repair to an £88 million nuclear submarine could have risked disaster at sea, furious navy chiefs have warned. Civilian contractors carried out work on a nuclear reactor chamber on the HMS Vanguard, which carries Trident missiles, in 2015. The repair team had reportedly glued a series of damaged bolts back into place rather than replace them with fresh ones. Engineers at defence contractor Babcock reported a procedural glitch after discovering the issue. But the company appears to keep quiet on details regarding the bolts and glue. Defence secretary Ben Wallace was said to be enraged by the news, demanding a meeting with Babcock chiefs to demand ‘assurances over future work’. Meanwhile, a Navy source told the Sun: ‘It’s a disgrace. You can’t cut corners in nuclear’ ‘Standards are standards. Nuclear standards are never compromised.’ The botched repair was only noticed when a bolt fell off during a dry-dock check on the vessel, which weighs 16,000 tonnes and is armed with Trident nuclear missiles. The MoD told The Sun that the work was nearing completion, and it was during a ‘routine inspection as part of the final stages of the project’s test and commissioning that this issue was identified’. It said there were ‘no nuclear safety implications associated with the issue identified’. Investigators are currently going through records to work out when the repairs were carried out and who was responsible for the error. Babcock is one of the UK’s largest defence contractors, and has multi-billion pound contracts to maintain both the Royal Navy’s Astute and Vanguard sub fleets. From 2028, the Vanguard-class subs will be replaced by the Dreadnought class, which will carry the UK’s nuclear Trident II D-5 missiles from 2028. Labour’s shadow defence secretary John Healey demanded improvements from Babcock, and said ‘the Defence Secretary must make sure contractors are delivering maintenance to this critical capability safely, on time and on-budget.’ READ MORE: What life is really like when you spend months in a nuclear submarine READ MORE: Ukraine war puts nukes debate at ‘forefront of politics’ again, say campaigners Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.