Standing in a delicate red gown, a large hand brushed against my breast. I wasn’t wearing a bra and I stiffened at the unexpected – and unwanted – intimate touch. ‘I’m just adjusting the dress,’ the 40-something photographer assured me. But his hands lingered. At the end of the session, he asked for my number. Having just turned 18 and recently starting out as a model, I had no idea how to react. Or just how inappropriate – and abusive – he was being. During my time at Newcastle University, where I was studying English and History, I’d started to build a model portfolio. Despite being Indian and many people in my culture viewing modelling as ‘slutty’, I loved the idea of being preened and pampered, before being centre stage, looking my absolute best. Soon, however, I discovered it wasn’t all glamour. No, there was a far more toxic side of the industry that, until I was part of it, I had no idea existed. I remember, early on, a designer pressuring me into wearing a sheer outfit for a fashion show, while his assistant patted my bottom and ran this hand along my thigh gap. I felt full of guilt and shame at the idea of wearing such risqué clothing and the man’s hand on me definitely made me worry. But it was so thrilling to walk down the runway… ‘Maybe it was just a one-off,’ I told myself. But, in fact, it was just the start. The older, male photographers would often make lewd comments and try to touch me under the guise of work. Scared and out of my depth, I just went along with it. Yes, there were some incredible glitzy parties and dates with divine-looking male models. But even they could cross the line. Good-looking men, they were clearly used to getting what they wanted – and certainly weren’t used to hearing ‘no’. I went out with a model who wined and dined me, bought me chocolates and flowers – then wanted to sleep with me. ‘It would be a nice way to say thank you,’ he leered. I told him that wouldn’t be happening and went home in tears. I soon learnt that it wasn’t only the men I had to be wary of. On the set of a make-up shoot, I thought the female art director was lovely. She was interested to know about Malaysia and asked about my culture and heritage. ‘Your hair is gorgeous,’ she said, as she played with a few strands. ‘And your breasts look amazing under that nude top.’ And with that, she touched them. At the time I thought she was just being over-friendly. But later I realised the lusty look in her eyes was not platonic. As I started modelling bridal wear, I discovered the Asian bridal industry can be racist, even to their own. In shoots, I’d be given blue coloured contacts and foundation two shades lighter to emulate Western beauty. I was told I was pretty for an Indian girl, or that I looked Mexican, Middle Eastern or Hispanic, as if being Punjabi was a shameful thing. At 5ft 8in and then a size 8, I was told that because I was tall for an Asian girl, I was lucky to get chosen. Then, they’d call me ‘Karli’ which means black in Punjabi. I took every loaded compliment, the veiled racisms and the microaggressions to heart. The colourism was sickening – and it worked both ways. At another shoot for a big client, I was told I didn’t ‘look ethnic enough’, so they brown-faced me, smearing me with darker foundations. I was told to wear my native clothes with pride, an assortment of jewel-toned saris, and then to dance in a caricatured, Bollywood-style routine, all while slapping on a false, cerise-lipstick smile. The perks were alluring, of course. The beautiful clothes, the preening hair stylists, the make-up artists’ decadent cosmetics transforming my face into a fairy-tale. At times, I felt swollen with happiness. But I began to realise I was being tokenised, and seen as expendable exotic property, enticing eye candy from the Far East. I’ll always remember the photographer who referred to me as his ‘little Indian takeaway’. I was never given advice or guidance about how to deal with these situations, and I was too intimidated and nervous about upsetting the client to call them out directly. Worried they wouldn’t approve, I’d never told my family about my modelling career, so I couldn’t turn to them. There were very few other Asian models to speak to either. By 2005, it became too much and I decided to leave that world behind me and became a teacher instead. It seemed far more stable – and far less scary. Yet, as I mulled over my experiences, I realised that although a lot of shoots had been exploitative, crude and cruel, I also had just as many wonderful, enriching, and delightful ones. So in 2011, I re-entered the world of commercial modelling as a size 12 plus-size curve model. Having gained more life experience, I knew that if I was put in any of the same situations again, I’d tell the agency – or ultimately walk away. I’m wiser and smarter and certainly no longer anyone’s little Indian takeaway. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Aunt who gained weight after donating liver to her nephew has become a plus size model and is ‘happier than ever’ MORE : OnlyFans modelling agency wants to ‘propel’ Amouranth to the next level MORE : Kate Moss recalls ‘running away’ after being asked to remove her bra aged 15 before ‘painful’ modelling experiences