A serving Dorset Police officer has been charged with raping two women. Constable Ravi Canhye, 46, is accused of attacking the women while off-duty early last year. He also faces six further sexual offence charges in relation to the alleged attacks. Dorset Police say he was suspended immediately after the allegations were made and has not been allowed to return to duty. The case was automatically referred to the police watchdog, which decided the investigation should be carried out by Dorset Police. PC Canhye will appear at Poole Magistrates’ Court in relation to the charges on Friday. A spokesperson for Dorset Police said: ‘We understand that charges of this nature will quite rightly cause concern within our communities. However, due to the ongoing legal proceedings, we are prevented from commenting on this matter any further at this time. ‘If anyone has any specific concerns about this case or any sexual offence crimes, please contact Dorset Police where information can be reported and dealt with in the strictest confidence.’ Anyone with information can contact police by calling 101, and victims of sexual assault can ask to be put in touch with specially trained officers. Victims of sexual violence can get free and confidential help, support, examination and counselling from independent advisors at the Dorset Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC), also known as The Shores, by calling 0800 970 9954 or visiting their website here. Victims or their friends and family members can get advice from Dorset’s Sexual Trauma and Recovery Service (STARS) service by calling 01202 308840 or visiting their website here. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.