David de Gea has complained that Arsenal have been gifted a significant advantage ahead of Sunday’s top of the table clash following Manchester United’s draw against Crystal Palace last night. Erik ten Hag’s rapidly improving side looked to be coasting to a tenth successive victory after Bruno Fernandes had put them ahead on the stroke of half-time at Selhurst Park. United created little during the second period but rarely looked like conceding an equaliser until Palace cranked up the pressure in the closing stages. The Red Devils were dealt a huge blow with 10 minutes remaining when Casemiro was cautioned for an out of character, reckless foul on Wilfried Zaha. The Brazilian’s fifth caution of the season means he will miss Sunday’s game against league leaders Arsenal, but worse was to follow when Michael Olise’s stunning injury-time free-kick earned the Eagles a point.  While Casemiro’s suspension might have been a self-inflicted wound, De Gea reserved his ire for those responsible for organising the fixture schedule with Arsenal afforded a week off before Sunday’s heavyweight contest. He said: ‘One of our best players cannot play one of the best teams. I don’t understand why we had to play today and they didn’t, that could make the difference on Sunday. He is a big loss for us. De Gea, meanwhile, was pleased with his own performance after he made two stunning saves from Odsonne Edouard and Marc Guehi, but was frustrated with the way his side failed to go for the jugular after the restart. He said: ‘Second half from the beginning we lost easy balls, not tempo in the game and lost control of the game. They started to create chances, scored a great goal. Two points lost today. ‘I was pleased with my save in the first half and I thought it was over me so I just touched it with my fingers and then we scored a few minutes later so it was good. ‘The feeling at the end was not so good because we didn’t win.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag gives verdict on Wout Weghorst’s Manchester United debut at Crystal Palace MORE : Pep Guardiola denies Erling Haaland’s signing has disrupted Manchester City’s flow For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 