Jurgen Klopp says he ‘cannot remember a worse Liverpool performance’ after the Reds suffered a 3-0 defeat to Brighton in the Premier League. Liverpool’s inconsistent season continued at the Amex Stadium as Roberto De Zerbi’s Seagulls clinched an empathic and well-deserved win. After a goalless first half, Solly March scored two goals in eight minutes following the restart to put Brighton in control. Danny Welbeck rounded off an impressive afternoon for Brighton with a late goal to send Roberto De Zerbi’s side seventh in the Premier League, one place and two points above Liverpool. ‘I’m massively frustrated,’ Klopp said. ‘Congrats to Brighton, they played a super game against a bad opponent. ‘We were really not good today and I can’t remember a good phase, period or whatever. ‘We tried to help the boys with a different formation but it didn’t work out at all. My responsibility, I know that. Tried to change it again in the second half but we were completely on the wrong foot. ‘In moments it looked too easy for Brighton, the organisation was completely gone. It was too easy. It was just too easy and you cannot get back in this game.’ Liverpool have won just eight of their 18 league games this season and face a real battle to finish in the top four and qualify for next season’s Champions League. Asked how Liverpool could turn things around, Klopp added: ‘Doing better should be easy because this is a really low point. I can’t remember a worse game. ‘To improve that will be not too difficult. From this game we can pick up absolutely nothing apart from things that do not work.’ Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson, meanwhile, said: ‘Everything went wrong from the start to the end. Brighton were better than us in all departments. ‘It’s a real low point as a team. We have to stay together. It’s a tough moment but we need to get together, stay together and try and change things quickly. We have to try and learn and show a reaction. ‘There wasn’t one thing. It was numerous things and it hasn’t been right for a little while now. Everybody knows that. We know we can be better. I’ll take responsibility and the lads will. We have to try to put it right.’ Asked if it was Liverpool’s worst performance under Klopp, Henderson replied: ‘Probably. I can’t remember another one. A really tough day.’ Liverpool face Wolves in their FA Cup third round replay on Tuesday night before returning to Premier League action next weekend against Chelsea. MORE : Jurgen Klopp snaps at reporter over Liverpool’s January transfer plans MORE : Liverpool are still missing Sadio Mane, admits Trent Alexander-Arnold For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 