Kylie Jenner finally confirmed the name of her baby boy on Saturday, who was born last February. The makeup mogul revealed that the tot’s name is Aire while also sharing a series of snaps of her son, whom she shares with rapper Travis Scott. But it didn’t take long for the internet to do its thing, with some people pointing out that ‘Aire’ seemingly translates to ‘my penis’ in Arabic slang. After news of Kylie and Travis’ son’s name broke, journalist Antoinette Lattouf tweeted: ‘Umm should someone tell Kylie Jenner she renamed her son Aire which is a common Arabic expression for “my penis” or nah?’ Antoinette wasn’t the only person to point out the translation, with other comments on social media including: ‘Kylie Jenner named her son “AIRE” only if she knows what the means in Arabic’ and ‘kylie named her son “aire” and it means something real nasty in arabic lmaoooo.’ ‘Kylie Jenner named her son ….. aire lmaoooo laughs in Arabic,’ tweeted someone else, while another person quipped: ‘That poor kid is going to be renamed again.’ According to Urban Dictionary, ‘Ayre’ is ‘Arabic for best friend’ but ‘also means penis depending on its use’. However, in Hebrew, ‘Aire’ means lion of God, according to Nameberry.com. Speaking previously about her indecisiveness around her son’s name, Kylie explained why she and her ex-Travis had initially settled on the name Wolf. The 25-year-old said: ‘We didn’t really have a name, I just thought it was going to come to us when we saw him and it didn’t. ’24 hours before we had to sign the birth certificate, or else they just register him without a name and he doesn’t get a social security number… So I felt the pressure to choose a name, and then Khloe said, the day before we sign, “What about Wolf?”’ The mum-of-two went on: ‘I like the WW, so we just put Wolf Webster in that moment. Right after I signed the birth certificate, I was like, “What did I just do?” It’s a part of his story but his name has changed.’ Kylie and Travis – who first went public with their romance at Coachella in 2017 but briefly split in 2019 before getting back together – also share daughter Stormi, four. It was reported in early January that Kylie and Travis had split a second time, almost one year after Aire was born. Metro.co.uk has approached Kylie’s reps and Arabic language experts for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Ron Hall sucks Tanyel Revan’s finger in racy unseen clip amid shock recoupling MORE : Sam Smith is frustrated no women are nominated for best artist award at Brits 2023  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 