Matty Healy vowed not to kiss any fans at a recent 1975 concert in respect of Taylor Swift. The singer, who is the son of Loose Women star Denise Welch, has in recent weeks begun a bizarre new trend in which he kisses fans at his gigs. Photos and clips have even seen the singer checking IDs to make sure fans are over age before he then leans in for a smooch. The practice – popular with some 1975 fans but raising eyebrows elsewhere – was cut off this week however as the band were joined on stage in London by surprise guest Taylor. Fans, naturally, went wild as the Grammy-winning musician stepped on stage to sing new track Anti-Hero (and later meet chat show star Denise backstage.) Her arrival clearly had an effect on Matty, who addressed the audience and said he wouldn’t be kissing any fans that evening. ‘I’m not kissing anybody in front of Taylor Swift, have some respect,’ he told the roaring crowd according to reports from concert-goers. ‘In front of the Queen – it’s not happening!’ Taylor made her unexpected appearance at the O2 in London on Thursday night, performing the track from her award-winning Midnights album as well as a cover of the 1975’s track The City. Frontman Matty revealed an unexpected connection to the megastar in the past, admitting the band had worked on unreleased tracks for Midnights. The singer has been taking part in plenty of headine-grabbing stunts on The 1975’s latest tour, from eating raw meat on stage to kissing fan after fan. Oh, and sucking on one fan’s thumb. In November, the Robbers singer was defended by one woman who insisted he asked for consent to kiss her after he faced backlash for the move at a gig in Las Vegas. Footage captured on social media showed the two kissing briefly, before the woman was pulled away by security. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Matty Healy’s proud mum Denise Welch actually hung out with Taylor Swift backstage at The 1975’s London gig MORE : Matty Healy branded ‘gross’ after sucking fan’s thumb and ‘french kissing’ concert-goer on The 1975’s chaotic tour 