Jennifer Lopez has opened up about her ‘stressful’ wedding planning after tying the knot with Ben Affleck. The Love Don’t Cost a Thing hitmaker, 53, and The Last Duel actor, 50, legally tied the knot in Las Vegas in July, two decades after they got engaged for the first time. The following month, the loved-up couple celebrate their marriage in a second fairytale ceremony at their 87-acre and $8.9million (£7.3million) Georgia estate. The Hustle actress appeared on Wednesday’s Jimmy Kimmel Live, during which she revealed to the 55-year-old host that the Vegas elopement was a spur-of-the-moment decision. She explained that they had planned to get married in Savannah but the Jenny from the Block performer became overwhelmed with the organisation, saying it was ‘stressful.’ The On The Floor singer continued:’ And a month before, and I don’t know if you guys noticed, but 20 years ago, we were supposed to get married. And it kind of all fell apart back then. ‘And this time, I absolutely had a little PTSD and I was like ”Is this happening? I this really happening?”‘ ‘We were so happy, and of course it was happening,  but I just felt the wedding was so stressful and one day Ben just said, ”F*** it, let’s just go to Vegas and get married tonight,’ Jennnifer added, while the audience burst into applause and laughter. The stars of course went on to have a bigger bash, which had a star-studded guest list including the likes of Matt Damon, Kevin Smith and actor Jason Mewes. Since the early 00s, the pair have been known by the Bennifer, with Jimmy asked J-Lo what her thoughts were on the moniker. She replied: ‘I’ve learned to embrace it. Years ago it was kind of like ”Oh, Bennifer.” ‘Actually it wasn’t a bad thing even years ago but I think it became a thing where people made fun of it.’ The couple began dating in July 2002 and got engaged in November of the same year. However, they postponed their wedding which had been scheduled for September 2003 and ultimately split in January 2004. More than 17 years after their split, Ben and Jen got back together in spring 2021. It is Jennifer’s fourth marriage as she was previously wed to Ojani Noa, Cris Judd, and Marc Anthony, while Ben was previously married to actress Jennifer Garner. Jimmy Kimmel Live! is broadcast on ABC in the US. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez reveals bombshell she was meant to be part of Madonna and Britney Spears’ iconic VMAs kiss MORE : Jennifer Lopez shares gorgeous unseen wedding photos with Ben Affleck and celebrates ‘one of the best years yet’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 