It’s no secret that families are being hit hard by the cost of living crisis. In the UK, typical families are predicted to be £2,100 worse off by the end of the next financial year. Rising costs for food, bills and, of course, childcare have even caused some people to consider whether they can even afford to have children. But if you thought trying to cut costs while raising just one child was difficult, try 12. That’s what Courtney Rogers, 38, from New Mexico is currently facing – and she’s managing it, by enforcing a strict ‘spending freeze’ throughout January. The mum, who lives with her church pastor husband, Chris, 38, and her 12 children all under the age of 12, has put a ban on any luxuries and is sticking to an essentials only rule post-Christmas. That means no eating out, no takeaways, no movie rentals or signing up to new streaming services, no new clothes, no outings that aren’t free and no toys or home decor. ‘The exception is any emergencies that may come up,’ Courtney said. Essentially, the family only spends money on basic groceries. It helps that they live on a farm with over 200 animals including pigs, sheep and chickens. But, with such a large family, the cost of food quickly adds up: Courtney admits that the family can go through six loaves of bread and 80 pints of milk every week. ‘My goal is to do one big shop a week, however, we usually have at least one more quick stop for more milk, bread and fresh produce,’ she said. They also use a lot of cloth nappies and wipes for the youngsters. Despite the frugal spending, Courtney is determined to keep things at least a little bit interesting. ‘This month I’m trying to come up with 31 different suppers,’ she said. ‘That includes meatless Monday meals and using the eggs and pork from our farm.’ While it might seem extreme, Courtney said her Christmas outgoings were hefty. As well as a three-and-a-half-week holiday visiting family, each child got $100 worth of presents on top of a stocking, pyjamas and a new church outfit each. ‘We also replaced the flooring in our living areas,’ she said. ‘Even so, we still managed to have a good time. ‘We had a traditional ham dinner on Christmas Eve and invited widowers and lonely people to join us. ‘Our meal on Christmas Day was Mexican food that included our homemade tamales.’ It’s no wonder the family is hellbent on cutting their spending after such a busy festive period. We’d need a reset, too. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From treats for the kids to slashing parking ticket costs, everyday hacks that’ll save you money MORE : How moving closer to work helped this couple save around £2,000 a year on energy bills MORE : How to save money on London tube and bus journeys as prices set to rise