Associations or plans could be brought to a crossroads or a complete close. Gemini may be overthinking over whether to take a relationship further, while Leo is warned that ending a project could bring some regret. Virgo is advised to think about whether an engrossing plan is worth the effort, and Sagittarius could be inspired to end associations where they seem to be giving more than they’re getting back. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 15, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Today’s Quarter Moon in Libra, puts the emphasis on a close relationship. You may be in a dilemma about your next move, especially if you both want different things. This is a good time to talk it all over and to find a compromise. Reaching an agreement now will give you the green light to push ahead to the finish line. Plus, a social event can sizzle with promise, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The changes that are coming seem positive but you might feel apprehensive, Taurus. You may need to learn new skills, build relationships and generally find your feet, which will take you out of your comfort zone. There could be a lot of adjustment needed so that you can fit your plans into your current schedule. Still, if you feel the results are worth it, be bold and pull out all the stops. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Reflecting on a developing relationship? This bond may be at a crucial stage where you’re wondering whether to take things further. The Sun in an emotional zone could make you aware of all the reasons to go ahead. Yet the Moon in balanced Libra, can find you undecided. Are you overthinking this? If you are, it might mean you’re not able to hear your intuition right now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Need advice? Today’s Quarter Moon inspires you to ask. Yet if this person were to criticise your efforts to date, you’ll take this to heart. Have the courage to hear them through, but don’t ignore their input, as they could be right. Perhaps with a few tweaks you’ll see improvements and be happier with the result. Need a chance to unwind? Some self-care may be just what’s needed. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 A conflict could either be seen as a reason to give up on something or as an obstacle to be overcome. A decision can bring an idea or project to an end or find you ready to bring it to a successful conclusion. Give up now though, and you might regret it. On a travel note, Jupiter encourages you to make the most of this time to go on new adventures. It will recharge you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 A project or business idea may have reached the stage where it has become so engrossing that it’s difficult to tear yourself away. Before you go in too deep, think about the cost. If this side of things is under control, you can continue. If it’s getting out of hand, make sure it’s worth the effort. If you’re going to gain from it further down the line then it could be a fab investment. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Quarter Moon in your sign brings heightened awareness of your family’s needs. You’ll be keen to improve communication and understanding of those close to you. And yet you may have big plans and be very eager to see them through. Whether you’re thinking of a move, planning a vacation or keen to give your place a makeover, make sure everyone agrees first, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Trust your intuition to give you insights just when you need them most. Today’s lunar phase could see you bringing a deal to a close or finalising arrangements. A combination of practical thinking along with your instincts, may net you a great result. Plus, Jupiter’s presence in your wellness zone might have ramped up energy levels. Feel like exercising? Get out and enjoy it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 How much do you gain by being a member of a group or club? If you feel the price you’re paying in terms of time, money or other resources is worth it, you’ll want to continue. But what if it isn’t? Today’s lunar phase might inspire you to end any associations where you seem to be giving more than you’re getting back. It won’t be any great loss, instead you’ll be the winner. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 As the Moon angles towards the Sun, you may be on the verge of a victory after a time of hard work. You’re on the home stretch and just need to tie up a few loose ends before you cruise across the finish line. If there are any issues that are bothering you, get help, especially if others are more experienced than you. That way the result can be even better than expected, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You may sense it’s time to take that leap of faith, but perhaps hadn’t considered exactly what this involved. Today’s Quarter Moon in your sector of adventure can be helpful for inspiring you to make your move anyway. It could seem easier to stay as you are and to dream of what might be, but you’ll miss out on so much if you don’t take this chance now, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Friends may be very keen for you to support them and could turn on the charm or resort to flattery. And while it might be tempting to go along with their ideas, only do so if you set the terms. There is a suggestion that you can be drawn into doing more than you fair share and this is something to be avoided at all costs. Don’t let guilt cause you to make an unwise decision. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2023