Protesters have targeted Michael Gove’s office in fury over plans for a new coal mine. Activists from Extinction Rebellion have gathered outside the Home Office armed with black flares. They’ve also poured black paint on nearby walls and across the ground outside the building. The group tweeted: ‘In the middle of the climate and ecological emergency, this will be the UK’s first new deep coal mine in 30 years.’ Mr Gove, as levelling up secretary, gave the green light for the project in December. The site will create around 500 new jobs in the wider region and produce 2.8m tonnes of coking coal a year, which will largely be used for steelmaking. It will also produce an estimated 400,000 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions a year. Marijn Van Der Greer of Extinction Rebellion UK, said: ‘Extinction Rebellion wants a citizen-led transition away from fossil fuels via a Citizens’ Assembly on Climate and Ecological Justice. ‘Providing unstable jobs in the coal sector during a climate crisis in a region where there are limited economic opportunities is not justice. ‘Opening a coal mine in a region that is already disproportionately affected by the climate crisis with floods increasing and unprecedented rainfall is complete madness.’ Two activists have reportedly glued themselves to the ground outside the offices. Rishi Sunak’s government was accused of ‘trashing our country’s reputation as a world lead in cutting emissions’ after the coal mine was approved last year. But Mr Gove, and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities (DLUHC) insisted the coal will be used for the production of steel and not for power generation. Friends of the Earth had described it as an ‘appalling decision’ that would damage the fight against the climate crisis while not replacing Russian coal. Campaigner Tony Bosworth added the approval had flown ‘in the face of all the evidence’. Mr Gove has been contacted by Metro.co.uk for comment. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.