Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is already losing patience with Graham Potter and there are question marks over the head coach’s future, says Chris Sutton. The Blues lost 1-0 at home to Manchester City on Thursday night, a result which keeps them 10th in the Premier League table, 10 points off the top four. Potter only arrived as head coach in September after Boehly – who took over from Roman Abramovich in the summer – sacked Thomas Tuchel in September. It has been a period of transition for the west London club, who spent around £280m on new players ahead of the 2022-23 campaign. Former Blues striker Sutton has suggested Boehly may decide to sack Potter if results do not improve, with the Blues due to face City again on Sunday in the FA Cup third round. ‘It was a difficult pre-season for Chelsea – there were noises coming out of it that Thomas Tuchel wasn’t happy,’ Sutton told the BBC. ‘He ended up leaving, and it’s been difficult for Graham Potter coming but this is a Chelsea team that simply aren’t doing well enough. ‘They’ve spent a fortune and you feel for Potter in terms of key players being out tonight – Mount, Chilwell, James [and then] Sterling [and Pulisic] having to come off early on. ‘But it isn’t good enough – I don’t think anybody expected Chelsea to win this game tonight, they are not the team they once were, and how long will Todd Boehly give Graham Potter? It’s so difficult to see where this is going. ‘Did Chelsea play well? I thought they did in the first half but in the second half they were overrun. ‘Is this the Chelsea that the fans want to see where they are applauding them for their effort? Chelsea, over the past 20 years, have been a team who have won big trophies and they look miles off it. ‘The question is how much can Todd Boehly tolerate? Chelsea go to City at the weekend in the FA Cup – if they go out there, I just wonder whether they will view this as a job too big for Graham Potter.’ MORE : Graham Potter admits Chelsea must ‘ride through a storm’ to return to top level MORE : Sterling and Pulisic hobble off with injury in first half of Chelsea vs Man City 