Not a single female act has been nominated for the artist of the year gong at this year’s Brit Awards 2023 as the shortlist is revealed. Zero. Zilch. Nada. The annual award ceremony is back and will be celebrating the best of British music with a show live from The O2 in London on February 11, which will be held on a Saturday night for the first time in its history. This time around, there are no females included in the nominees for artist of the year. Instead, Central Cee, Fred again.., George Ezra, Harry Styles, and Stormzy will be competing for the accolade. The Brit Award for British artist of the year was introduced in 2022 and combined the previous categories for British female solo artist and British male solo artist. These categories were restructured because the Academy wanted to move away from gendered award categories. Adele was the first artist to be awarded the gong, beating Little Simz, Dave, Sam Fender, and Ed Sheeran. Anyway, back to this year’s nominations… Harry Styles and Wet Leg are tied for the most nominated artists this year, achieving four each. The former One Direction star has earned nods for album of the year for Harry’s House, song of the year for As It Was, artist of the year, and best pop/R&B act. Meanwhile, Isle of Wight duo Wet Leg, comprised of Rhian Teasdale and Hester Chambers, is nominated for album of the year for their chart-topping self-titled debut, group of the year, best new artist, and best alternative rock act. ‘Somebody hold our horses while we get to grips with this wild news, being nominated for a Brit Award is too hard to comprehend, we never could have expected for our wee band to achieve this,’ they said of their nominations. While they’ll have to wait and see if they manage to win big on the night, one act who already knows they’ll be heading home with a gong is girl group Flo. The newcomers – formed of Jorja Douglas, 21, Stella Quaresma, 20, and Renée Downer, 19 – are the first-ever girl group to win the Rising Star award. Comedian Mo Gilligan, 34, is returning to host the Brits for the second year in a row. Ahead of the gig, he enthused: ‘Hosting the Brits was one of the most phenomenal moments of my life. ‘I’ve been so honoured to get to know the incredible team behind the biggest night in music and so proud to bring our amazing audiences closer to their favourite artists.’ Here are the rest of this year’s nominees… The Brit Awards 2023 will air live on Saturday February 11 at 8pm on ITV1 and ITVX Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Billie Eilish channels Madonna in vampy lingerie photo shoot MORE : Jesy Nelson proudly embracing ‘little chubby belly’ after learning to love herself amid body image struggles 