Detectives have released new CCTV in their search for a couple and their newborn baby. Constance Marten, Mark Gordon and their child have been missing since their vehicle broke down near junction four of the M61, near Bolton, on Thursday. Officers now believe they have spotted Constance on CCTV. Greater Manchester Police (GMP) say the new image shows her wrapped in a large red scarf outside Harwich Port in Essex. She was spotted at 9am on Saturday. Police added: ‘Our concern is make sure the Constance, Mark and baby are safe and well.’ After their car broke down, the family is believed to have walked towards Anchor Lane bridge which links the Highfield and Little Hulton areas. They say evidence suggests Constance had ‘very recently given birth and neither her or the baby have been assessed by medical professionals’. Mark is described as wearing dark clothing while Costance, who has a southern accent, was wearing a burgundy coat. The baby was swaddled. GMP’s head of public protection, Chief Superintendent Michaela Kerr, previously said: ‘As a mum, I would like to make a direct appeal to Constance. ‘Constance, I know this is an exceptionally hard time for you and you are likely feeling scared, but I promise that our number one priority is the same as yours – to keep your beautiful newborn safe. ‘As you know, it’s really important that both you and your baby are assessed by medical professionals as soon as possible, so please make contact with emergency services or make your way to your nearest hospital, wherever that may be. ‘I would also like to appeal to members of the public, not just in Bolton but across Greater Manchester and beyond. ‘If you have any information about this family’s whereabouts, please do nothing more than contact emergency services. ‘GMP can be contacted via live chat on our website or 999. Even the most minor detail might help us keep this mum and baby safe.’ Police appealed for anyone with information to contact GMP on 999 quoting 2657 05/01/23 or via gmp.police.uk. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.