A British family who claim their house is haunted regularly go on ghost-hunting trips aboard their funeral hearse. Ever since Jon Paul Kennedy, 33, and his partner, Kymmi Jeffery, 38, moved into their new home they have heard a little girl crying and smelt rotten eggs. The whole family – including daughters Snow, ten, and Pebble, six – are now investigating the poltergeist. They have put up cameras around their home and hope to set up a museum so others can analyse their ‘haunted’ artefacts, which include pieces of jewellery, a dybbuk box, and two dolls named Mimi and Esther. Jon said: ‘We thought we had a gas leak because it was smelling like rotten egg. We called an engineer out and he couldn’t find a leak. Suddenly the smell just vanished. Sulfur smells can be associated with demons.’ They began a ghost-hunting business in August 2022 after going on a tour for Kymmi’s birthday. He added: ‘Kymmi was very sceptical about it all when she first met me. I bought her a ticket to a haunted house for her birthday and we picked up a pink spirit ghost on camera.’ Now Jon and Kymmi buy each other ‘haunted’ presents, though this has caused tensions after Jon bought Kymmi a demonic ring for Christmas. ‘It turned out to be a sexual demon that prays on women,’ Kymmi said. ‘I was a bit fuming.’ The family travel to ‘haunted’ sites together and believe that their daughter, Snow, can see ghosts and demons. ‘She saw these really long fingers on a ghost hunt,’ said Jon. ‘She keeps picking up stuff in the house. The girls loved being involved with experiments on our different artefacts.’ Pebble has claimed her Barbies have been moving during the night without her touching them. The family’s local community, in Cheshire, regularly employs them to investigate spooky occurrences. Kymmi says the family is ‘known as the haunted family’, adding: We get named the Addams family or the Warrens. ‘We’ve had builders stop and stare out our hearse on the driveway and take pictures of it.’ The vehicle does have some practical benefits though: ‘It was great to fit the Christmas tree in,’ says Kymmi. MORE : Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd and Sigourney Weaver set to revive ‘magic of original’ Ghostbusters film as they reunite for London-based sequel MORE : Who ya gonna call? Ashley Roberts says she was raised in creepy, haunted home