Idris Elba and his wife Sabrina Dhowre looked every inch the power couple as they stepped out at Milan Fashion Week. The Luther actor, 50, donned a very stylish turquoise suit, certainly standing out from the crowd with his bold ensemble. Idris – who has been tipped as the next 007 – teamed his vibrant trousers and jacket with a crisp white shirt and also wore a super cool leather tie for an added edge. On his feet, the star kept it casual in Gucci loafers, accessorising with a seriously blingy gold watch on his arm. As for Sabrina, the 33-year-old also incorporated leather into her fierce lewk, pulling up in a midi dress which featured an eye-catching turquoise and red leather chevron print. She synched her waist in with a matching leather belt, and wore a pair of lace-up white leather boot heels, which perfectly complemented her handbag with gold hardware. Sabrina could not have looked cooler, adding some oversized sunglasses to shield her eyes from the blinding flashing of cameras. As for hair, she styled her raven locks in a super sharp bob, and wore a glossy nude gloss on her lips for the perfect pout. Idris looked worlds away from his famous character John Luther in his fashionable display, with his signature grey coat nowhere to be seen. However, Luther fans can get their fix once again very soon when the hotly-anticipated movie hits screens. Returning as the much-loved detective, Idris reprises his role for more crime fighting in Luther: The Fallen Sun. Ahead of the film’s release in cinemas in February and on Netflix in March, the streaming platform revealed that in the new continuation of the tale, a ‘gruesome serial killer is terrorising London’. However, Luther, who’s been ‘disgraced’, is currently sitting behind bars… but not for long. ‘Haunted by his failure to capture the cyber psychopath who now taunts him, Luther decides to break out of prison to finish the job by any means necessary,’ the company states. The film will feature several new faces joining the tale, as well as Dermot Crowley, who returns as Martin Schenk. Meanwhile, Widows star and Andor actor Andy Serkis join the cast as new characters. Speaking about the Luther movie years after the series last aired on BBC One, Idris said last September that he and the other people who worked on the project are ‘really proud’ of the production. Luther: The Fallen Sun will be available in select cinemas from February 24 and on Netflix from March 10. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When is the Luther movie being released and who’s in the cast? What we know so far MORE : When is the Luther movie being released and who’s in the cast? What we know so far 