Alan Cumming has given back the OBE he received 14 years ago. The actor, 58, announced on Friday that he had handed back the honour he had received in 2009 for his ‘activism for equal rights for the gay and lesbian community’ in the USA. He said the death of Queen Elizabeth II, the conversations around the monarchy and ‘the way the British Empire profited at the expense (and death) of indigenous peoples’ had ‘opened my eyes.’ Taking to Instagram on his 58th birthday, he told his 479,000 followers he wanted to share with them ‘something I recently did for myself.’ ‘I returned my OBE,’ he revealed, explaining he did not want to be associated with the ‘toxicity’ of the British Empire. He said he was ‘incredibly grateful’ to have been awarded an OBE in 2009, which he received both for his acting and ‘for activism for equal rights for the gay and lesbian community, USA.’ Cumming explained that, at the time, same-sex marriage was illegal and gay couples could not ‘enjoy the same basic legal rights as straight people,’ including openly queer people being unable to serve in the military. Having been ‘honoured’ at the time, Cumming has now decide to hand back the OBE following the death of Queen Elizabeth II and the conversation around the British Empire’s bloody history. He wrote: ‘The Queen’s death and the ensuing conversations about the role of monarchy and especially the way the British Empire profited at the expense (and death) of indigenous peoples across the world really opened my eyes. ‘Also, thankfully, times and laws in the US have changed, and the great good the award brought to the LGBTQ+ cause back in 2009 is now less potent than the misgivings I have being associated with the toxicity of empire (OBE stands for Officer of the British Empire).’ Cumming said he returned his award having ‘explained my reasons and reiterated my great gratitude for being given it in the first place.’ ‘I’m now back to being plain old Alan Cumming again. Happy birthday to me!’ Cumming had said he was ‘shocked and delighted’ to have been named in the Queen’s birthday honours list when the news was first announced 14 years ago. In a statement at the time, he had proclaimed: ‘I am especially happy to be honoured for my activism as much as for my work. ‘The fight for equality for the LGBT community in the US is something I am very passionate about, and I see this honour as encouragement to go on fighting for what I believe is right and for what I take for granted as a UK citizen. ‘Thank you to the Queen and those who make up her Birthday honours list for bringing attention to the inaction of the US government on this issue. It makes me very proud to be British, and galvanised as an American.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyoncé and Jay Z return to reality as they land in LA on private jet following singer’s dazzling, yet controversial, performance in Dubai MORE : Margot Robbie offered Hooters job while filming advert aged 16 