Emily Atack wiped away tears as she opened up about the horrific online abuse she recieves on a daily basis. The Inbetweeners actor, 33, detailed her vile experiences during an appearance on Tuesday’s This Morning with hosts Holly Willoughby, 41, and Phillip Schofield, 60. Schofield said: ‘You say that you feel you are sexually assaulted 100 times a day. There is one person who I know comes back and comes back and comes back. ‘And I know you block them and they create a new account, and you block them and they create a new account. ‘He says that he is sending you the hideous stuff he sends you while his wife and children are asleep.’ Atck replied: ‘He says he tucks his children into bed and then comes online to abuse me and then says, well sometimes he asks if I’ll get involved with him and his wife. ‘Then he says, “I want to do it behind my wife’s back while my kids are asleep.” He calls himself Daddy Dave to me and constantly says the word daddy – daddy, daddy, daddy. It is psychological. It’s horrible.’ The former Dancing On Ice star then broke down in tears with Willoughby rushing over to tenderly hold her hand, saying: ‘I know it’s hard. Are you alright?’ Schofield said that Atack should ‘track these people down’ and identify them ‘because of what they put you through’ after she said she hadn’t seen her abuser’s face. The Keith Lemon Sketch Show star said: ‘I don’t want to expose somebody and then I’ve ruined their life.’ Atack later assured the concerned presenters: ‘I am fine, I always will be.’ Atack was appearing on the long-running daytime series ahead of the launch of her documentary about sexual assault called Emily Atack: Asking For It? She explores how ‘something so grotesque, aggressive, malicious and violent’ as sexual harassment has evolved and how it could be tackled through education while calling on the government to make catcalling a ‘public health issue’. Atack previously said she was ‘filled with hope’ after being inundated with support following the announcement of the BBC doc. Responding to the reaction, Atack wrote on Twitter: ‘I want to thank every single person who has sent me a lovely message today. ‘It’s an incredibly nerve-wracking and emotional topic for me to talk about, so I really appreciate your sensitivity and support. ‘It fills me with hope’. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emily Atack had first sexual experience with 18-year-old when she was just 12 MORE : Emily Atack ‘filled with hope’ after receiving support over BBC documentary about sexual harassment 