This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Say you fancy a cocktail this month, but you’re doing Dry January, and you’re strapped for cash after an expensive Christmas. Things feel pretty bleak, sure…but we may just have found a solution for you. Everleaf is a brand bringing us non-alcoholic tipples, and this January it’s teaming up with over 350 of the funkiest bars in England and Scotland to provide free cocktails to thirsty, cash-conscious customers giving Dry January a red hot go. And while the pub scene is trying its best to make the most of Dry Jan (with London’s first non-alcoholic bar opening on Brick Lan) the scheme – dubbed ‘Try January’ – is aiming to give the UK’s hospitality industry a helping hand during a month when bars tend to struggle to attract punters. All you have to do is rock up to a participating venue (a full list can be found by scanning a QR code via the link here), and order an Everleaf cocktail (if you’re lost without your usual order, they recommend the signature Spritz, but there are plenty of others available). Then, take a picture of your receipt and send it to Everleaf, who will provide a refund. Meanwhile, the bar you’ve visited will be paid in full at the point of purchase, so you’re still supporting the venue. We suppose that’s what they call a win-win. When it comes to watering holes, you’ve got a real pick, with confirmed venues including chains Bills and The Botanist, and independent bars like London’s The Connaught Hotel and Happiness Forgets, and The Golden Pineapple in Brighton. Plus if you don’t fancy heading out in the next few weeks – and looking at the weather, we wouldn’t blame you – then Everleaf still has you covered: the brand is offering a pack of three small bottles at a special price of £9.99 this month, so you can enjoy a drink at home. You can find more details, and full terms and conditions, on the Everleaf website. Available until January 31 2023, in England & Scotland only. MORE : Doing dry January? London’s first non-alcoholic cocktail bar opens on Brick Lane MORE : Even if you’re doing Dry January, you should be going to the pub