Martin Compston has opened up about the terrifying moment his character Fulmer was set on fire in The Rig. Amazon Prime’s new blockbuster drama follows a group of oil workers mining for the fossil fuel in the North Sea off the Scottish coast. But as they prepare to return home, a mysterious fog shrouds the rig, cutting off all communication and leaving the team effectively stranded. As the weather continues to take a nasty turn, the crew scrambles to find out what is driving this unknown force – but not before it gets to some of them first. Among the all-star cast is the Line of Duty star, 38, Schitt’s Creek’s Emily Hampshire, Game of Thrones’ Iain Glen and Small Axe actor Rochenda Sandall. The Mayflies actor plays communications officer Fulmer Hamilton, who is one of crew members infected by the fog, which possesses bionic properties – and is sometimes lethal. When the rig’s flare is extinguished, which is needed to alert rescue teams to their presence, Fulmer, knowing his life is potentially at risk because of the infection, bravely offers to relight it with a flare gun. Deciding to unclip his harness to get closer to the burnt-out flame, despite the protestations of Rose (Hampshire), Fulmer fires a shot, but the recoil sets him alight. With his back on fire, and lying unconscious, doctor Cat (Sandall) rushes to help him, and treats him for burns, that miraculously heal, onboard the rig. Speaking to Metro.co.uk Martin revealed that he was – under the supervision of a safety team – actually set on fire for the shocking scene. He explained: ‘It was one of the more interesting days of work. It got a wee bit toasty and everybody can ran in. ‘Things can go wrong, but you’re in a safe environment, and you’ve got a lot of professionals around you. ‘I love all that stuff [stunts] and I know it sounds daft, but I really do enjoy it. Getting set on fire is one of the more interesting days of work.’ The Rig is available to stream on Amazon Prime. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Martin Compston teases The Rig is ‘biggest show’ he’s worked on – even after Line of Duty MORE : Schitt’s Creek’s Annie Murphy lost it over Emily Hampshire’s The Rig co-star Martin Compston: ‘She was going crazy’ 