BBC One’s live coverage of Wolves vs Liverpool was bizarrely interrupted by ‘porn noises’ blaring on air during the start of their broadcast. As Gary Lineker introduced the FA Cup third round replay from Molineux, the sound effects persistently interrupted the presenter as he attempted to discuss pre-match matters with Alan Shearer, Paul Ince and Danny Murphy. After almost 15 very embarrassing minutes, Lineker revealed the culprit, tweeting a picture of what appeared to be a small mobile phone which had been hidden in the studio. ‘Well, we found this taped to the back of the set,’ Lineker wrote on Twitter alongside the picture of the device. ‘As sabotage goes it was quite amusing.’ The pornographic groans kicked in as Lineker began speaking to Shearer, who was positioned out on the gantry for his commentary duties and seemingly unaware of the commotion. ‘I don’t know who is making that noise but Alan Shearer is on the commentary gantry,’ a red-faced Lineker said. ‘It’s toasty in this studio, it is a bit noisy as well. ‘I don’t know if someone is sending something on someone’s phone, I don’t know whether you heard it at home…’ While the interruptions kept coming, Lineker calmly kept the show going, quizzing studio guests Ince and Murphy on the match despite the distraction. That wasn’t the end of the drama, with a local power cut leading to the referee’s communication with VAR going down and the floodlights at Molineux briefly going out. Shearer commented during the match: ‘It’s all going off tonight, floodlights going off and Danny Murphy’s phone going off in the studio. What else can happen?’ Wolves held Liverpool to a 2-2 draw at Anfield, forcing Tuesday night’s replay with Harvey Elliot giving Jurgen Klopp’s side the lead in the first-half. MORE : Emmanuel Petit claims the loss of Sadio Mane is to blame for Liverpool’s decline MORE : Alan Shearer rates Arsenal as ‘favourites’ to win Premier League and predicts mixed fortunes for Chelsea and Liverpool For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 