Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp took a thinly-veiled dig at Chelsea’s January spending spree ahead of what he anticipates will be Mykhailo Mudryk’s Premier League debut on Saturday. An ambitious recruitment drive, headed by new owner Todd Boehly, has seen Chelsea almost completely overhaul their squad in the space of six chaotic months which has also encompassed a change of management. Mudryk’s arrival represents the most exciting addition of six recruits already this month, given the size of the fee and the fact that he appeared almost certain to join Arsenal less than 24 hours before he signed on the dotted line for their west London rivals. While Chelsea have spent to an unprecedented level in recent weeks, Liverpool have been forced to be more circumspect in their approach, despite the glaring holes in their squad caused by injuries to key players. Cody Gakpo arrived from PSG Eindhoven at the start of the month but the Reds, whose current owners are currently scouring the world for fresh investment, are unlikely to see further major additions. Chelsea are almost certain to unleash Mudryk at Anfield tomorrow for a game that cold end either side’s respective hopes of a top four finish this season. Asked if expected the Ukraine international winger to make his debut, Klopp said: He’s a good player, a really good player. He played an incredible Champions League campaign at his former club, speed, technique, goals, combines a lot. Having him for example on one wing and Joao Felix on the other… wow! ‘Joao Felix played two days after he arrived, pretty much immediately so you can expect him to play. It makes analysis a little bit easier. We have watched a bit of him in the Champions League and that was impressive enough. On Chelsea’s spending power in comparison to Liverpool’s meanwhile, he added: ‘Interesting. Chelsea sorts the problems differently to us so let’s see.’ Pushed on the way in which Boehly has flexed his financial power, Klopp added: ‘Interesting. If the numbers are true then it’s impressive. ‘I believe in coaching, developing and team building 100% but there are so many good managers out there now. If they start properly spending and coach, you cannot not spend or you will have a problem. ‘We are in pretty good hands – we know the responsibility we have. We can’t worry too much. You don’t need to build a new team every year. You have to allow players to develop and we have a few of those players. ‘It’s not worrying that other teams are spending, it’s a matter of fact. We have to react to that as well but not just to that. ‘I can’t see [other clubs’] investment stopping in the future, and that means we have to do it as well.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag hints at further Manchester United spending after Wout Weghorst transfer MORE : Graham Potter warns Chelsea fans that ‘exciting’ Mykhailo Mudryk needs time to ‘adapt’ ahead of debut For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 