You might vaguely remember that time Lenny Kravitz split his trousers on stage in 2015, exposing himself to thousands of concertgoers… well, Harry Styles had his very own Lenny moment. Fortunately for the One Direction star, he did have underwear on, and manage to salvage the situation, but that doesn’t mean it wasn’t absolutely hilarious. Oh, and he had the added embarrassment of ripping his pants in front of Jennifer Aniston. Returning to the stage following his Christmas break, the As It Was singer 28, delighted a sold-out Kai Forum in Inglewood, California, as energetic as ever and performing all his hits. It’s no secret that Harry likes to jump around on stage and get up close and personal with fans, but a select few certainly got more than they bargained for, when he crouched down in front of them mid-Music For A Sushi Restaurant. The look of horror on Harry’s face was truly a picture, as he realised what had happened after feeling a slight breeze and quickly placing his hand over the, actually, quite massive tear in his leather trousers. Ever the pro, the Grammy-winning star continued the performance. And, one of the benefits of this being his own show, is that there were plenty of Pride flags in the crowd for him to grab, which he used as a temporary skirt to hide the damage. Taking a brief interval, Harry was later able to change into a second pair of brown trousers, after an intense panic from his stylist backstage, no doubt! Joking about the incident with the audience afterwards, Harry said: ‘My trousers ripped. I feel I must apologise to a certain few of you right down in the front there. I mean, this is a family show.’ ‘You sir, are you ok? I promise it’s not part of the show,’ he added to one man. The star then joked: ‘It’s a family show… or is it? It is! Or is it?’ He continued to apologise profusely to the fans in the front row who almost got an eyeful, but was able to laugh off the wardrobe malfunction. There’s no doubt that fans will have laughs for days, however, especially given the famous Friends actress sitting a few feet away when it all went down. ‘Did Harry know Jennifer Aniston was there and that he ripped his pants right in front of her’, one Twitter user laughed. ‘Harry ripping his pants in front of Jennifer Aniston is most likely a traumatic moment for him,’ added another. One wrote: ‘Harry’s first ever celebrity crush (jennifer aniston) is in the audience tonight and he F***ING RIPPED HIS PANTS in front of her’. We’d be lying if we said we didn’t find the whole thing hysterical and, hey, it could’ve been worse, Harry! Following his rather eventful first gig of 2023 in Kai Forum, the Watermelon Sugar singer will do it all over again on both January 27 and 29, and we’re sure he’ll be hoping for a smoother run. Harry will then head Down Under for a series of shows in Australia, then to Japan, before returning to Europe. UK fans can catch the star and all his antics in stadiums this summer when Love On Tour returns. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lewis Capaldi trolls Matty Healy at The 1975 gig after pretending to be Harry Styles MORE : Lizzo and Becky Hill to perform at Brit Awards 2023 joining the likes of Harry Styles and Sam Smith 