Dancing on Ice’s Patsy Palmer donned green for her performance as Wicked’s Elphaba on Sunday night’s show but was denied all important points after she fell midway through her skate. The soap actress and her partner Matt Evers danced to a track from the iconic broadway musical that tells the story of the witches from the Wizard of Oz. Despite beginning strong, the Eastenders star failed to stay on her feet the entire way through her time on the ice and stumbled. Hitting the high note, the duo then lined up in front of the judging panel to face the music as they shared their opinions on the couple’s performance. Ashley scored first and gave the duo a 5 while Oti scored them a 4.5. Jayne went next with 5.5 and finally, Chris gave 5.5. Despite losing her footing, the star remained in upbeat spirits and smiled through her slip-up. When asked about her tumble, she admitted she was grateful to be in the competition and that she was constantly learning from her mistakes. Online fans had opinions over the performance and debated whether she was scored fairly – or not. One viewer typed: ‘WHAT! Patsy Palmer fell over! Marked higher than@wonderwomanshel who didn’t… the marking is so biased this year. #DOI [sic].’ Another nodded at the irony of her trip: ‘I’m sorry but Patsy Palmer falling over on Dancing On Ice while skating to Defying Gravity of all songs? Couldn’t have asked for a better script.’ ‘Fuming!’ was one audience member’s simple response to the incident. Hours before the live show, it was reported the famous face was tipped to be the third celebrity contestant exiting the show. Bookmakers Ladbrokes predicted Patsy at a 2/1 chance of being eliminated on Sunday. Michelle Heaton was listed next in line at 11/4 with Love Island’s Ekin-Su bringing up the rear as she was priced at 3/1. Dancing On Ice airs Sundays on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing on Ice’s Siva Kaneswaran sent sweet words of encouragement by Queen’s Brian May MORE : Dancing On Ice viewers fume over Michelle Heaton’s ‘criminally’ low score despite gaining ‘confidence’ 