The Moon is aligning with dreamy Neptune and potent Pluto, which could have a great impact on your day. For Gemini, the Moon’s angle to Neptune suggests secrets could slip out of the bag, and this may reflect poorly on you – even if it happens by accident. Meanwhile, for Capricorn, a merger between the Moon and Neptune could leave you a tad frustrated – so don’t be in too much of a hurry. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 25, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Don’t let a lack of motivation prevent you from getting on with something that you know will be good for you and enhance your future. While the Moon hangs out with dreamy Neptune and potent Pluto, you could experience doubts. But once it edges into your sign, you’ll realize these are ghostly mirages that can only sabotage your best efforts if you allow them too, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Don’t believe everything you hear, Taurus. It might be wise to check any information, as with a Moon/Neptune tie showing, even close ones can get things wrong. This also applies to anything you read online or any schemes that imply instant success. On the plus side, your social and romantic options are enhanced, so something good can emerge from this, if you’re ready. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 This isn’t a good time to discuss other people’s business, as you could give something away that someone would prefer to keep quiet. The Moon’s angle to Neptune, suggests that secrets can slip out of the bag, and this could reflect poorly on you, even if it happens by accident. If you’re keen to stay on good terms with this person, then it would be unwise to jeopardize your friendship. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A positive aspect is encouraging you to give a plan your best shot. Don’t wait too long Cancer, as you could talk yourself out of it. With the Moon and Neptune bringing on a mist of confusion, you may decide it’s not worth the effort, when it truly is. If you have the experience and know what you’re doing, you’ll enjoy your journey to making it a reality. Don’t miss out, just do it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Go easy around finances, as you might be drawn into a scheme or to purchasing something that you’ll regret later. You’re usually very astute, but you could slip up if someone promises you something you really want. On a more adventurous note, you’ll benefit from taking up an offer of a trip or other delightful experience. You may discover a whole new interest or path, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Thought you had resolved an issue? Think again Virgo, as the current star map suggests you may need to take another look. Perhaps there is a reason why things still aren’t working out and you’ll be keen to look into this possibility. With the Moon angling towards ethereal Neptune, it may be more subtle than you think, so don’t presume anything or take certain facts for granted. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A romance may seem to have wings and to be perfect for you, but if you sense an undercurrent then trust your instincts. Today’s blend of energies can be bewitching, and you may fail to notice some obvious flaws. A little detachment can assist you with seeing the reality of this potential bond, and from there to make a wise decision. Take it a step at a time and see how it goes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A book or article might be the inspiration you need to make a change to your lifestyle or wellness habits. It may not be a very big shift at this stage, as you may want to experiment with this idea or approach and see how it works for you. Ready to feel better about yourself? Making a firm decision could lead to a gradual improvement, as well as a sense of empowerment. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The Sun in Aquarius encourages you to connect and communicate, while an intense aspect could incline you to keep quiet about something that needs to be talked about. If a matter comes to a head, consider discussing it with someone who can help. They may have strategies and angles that make light work of a complex issue. It’s better than trying to do it all by yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Are you getting mixed messages? A merger between the Moon and Neptune, suggests you may be a tad frustrated. Don’t be in too much of a hurry. Someone might need time to think things through and come to a decision. It’s better to wait until tomorrow, when you’ll have much more clarity around this issue and when you’ll get a more helpful response from this person, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Should you do something nice for others or channel your energy into an outing, creative project or a romantic date? You might feel a tad guilty for putting yourself first, and if truth be told, this may not be your obvious choice, as there is a side of you that might prefer to keep other people happy. But it can be so very energizing to indulge a hobby or take time out for pure pleasure. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Jupiter’s presence in Aries, means you may be eager to earn extra cash from hobbies and activities you really enjoy. It seems you are in demand though Pisces, and may already have commitments to the various groups or projects you are a part of. Because of this, you can feel pulled in two directions at times. Still, it’s a good idea to invest in yourself and your skills. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : What does the Year of the Rabbit mean? Traits, compatibility, and 2023 horoscope MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 22 to January 28 MORE : Chinese New Year 2023 zodiac horoscopes for each animal