Three people died in a fire at a hotel in the early hours of this morning. Fire and rescue teams were called to the New County Hotel, in Perth, Scotland, at around 5.02am today. Guests and staff at the hotel were evacuated in the early hours, with fire crews scrambling to the scene. The fire was extinguished a few hours later but firefighters and emergency services remained at the hotel. Police Scotland have confirmed at least three people were killed in the blaze, while a number of others were treated for minor injuries. Chief Superintendent Phil Davison said: ‘Our thoughts are very much with the families and loved ones of those who have died at what is a very difficult time for everyone. ‘Our enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances of what has happened and officers are conducting a joint investigation with the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service.’ Deputy First Minister John Swinney has said he is ‘very concerned’ after news of the fire broke. Mr Swinney, MSP for Perthshire North, tweeted: ‘Very concerned to hear this news and hope that everyone is safe. ‘Grateful thanks, as ever, to the emergency services for their actions.’ Local MP Pete Wishart said the fire was ‘simply awful news at the beginning of the year when so many people are out celebrating’. Mr Wishart, who represents Perth and North Perthshire, added: ‘My thoughts are firmly with the families and friends of the victims. ‘When the news broke, we all hoped that everyone would make it out and would be accounted for. This is the last thing that anybody expected. ‘I know the people of Perth will be devastated by this news and would like to extend their deepest sympathies to those affected by this tragedy. ‘Can I also thank the emergency services who attended the scene in such numbers.’ The force appealed to the public to avoid the area, while Perth and Kinross Council said a number of roads in the area had been closed. The local authority announced the road closures on Twitter, saying they were ‘due to an ongoing incident’. It added: ‘Be aware that traffic in the surrounding area is also likely to be impacted as well as public transport routes. Please avoid the area if you can.’ A police cordon is in place and members of the public are being asked to avoid the area. The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service (SFRS) said it had sent nine engines to the scene after the alarm was raised. A spokesperson for the SFRS said: ‘We are currently in attendance alongside emergency service partners at a commercial building fire at County Place in Perth.’ Meanwhile, a Scottish Ambulance Service spokesperson said: ‘We received a call from Scottish Fire and Rescue Service of a fire at the New County Hotel in Perth at 05:05hrs. ‘We responded with 21 resources including our special operation resource team, with our first resource on scene at 05:12hrs.’ Eric Drysdale, a Perth city centre councillor, earlier wrote on Facebook: ‘Please be aware this is a very serious incident. My thanks go to Scottish Fire and Rescue Service and Police Scotland for their response to this fire. ‘All announcements regarding any confirmed casualties will be made by the emergency services. Please avoid the area today.’ Hospital Street, County Place, Leonard Street and New Row have been closed. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.