Tottenham manager Antonio Conte will not speak to the press on Friday afternoon following the tragic death of his former teammate Gianluca Vialli. The former Chelsea player and manager died following a battle with pancreatic cancer, it was announced on Friday morning. Tottenham’s assistant Cristian Stellini will attend the press conference instead ahead of the FA Cup third round clash against Portsmouth on Saturday. Vialli and Conte were teammates together at Juventus during the former’s four years in Turin between 1992 and 1996, winning a Serie A, Coppa Italia, Uefa Cup and Champions League together. Conte succeeded Vialli as Juventus captain after the striker left the club for Chelsea in 1996. Vialli finished his playing career at Stamford Bridge where he earned club legend status, taking over as player-manager in 1998. The former striker took the reins on a full time basis a year later, winning the FA Cup, League Cup, Uefa Cup Winners’ Cup and Uefa Super Cup during his time in the dugout. Conte also enjoyed a successful spell in charge of Chelsea, leading them to the Premier League title and a FA Cup success during his two years in charge. Tottenham were among the football clubs from around the world to share their condolences following Friday’s announcement. ‘Our thoughts and condolences are with the Vialli family at this impossibly sad time,’ a tweet from the club read. Vialli was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2017 but revealed in April 2020 that he had been given the all-clear. He was re-diagnosed in 2021 and in December 2022 left a role with Italy’s national team. In October, Tottenham cancelled a pre-match press conference following the death of the club’s fitness coach Goan Piero Ventrone, another close friend of Conte’s who died of fulminant leukemia aged 61. MORE : Ex-Chelsea and Italy striker Gianluca Vialli dies aged 58 MORE : Antonio Conte names four Tottenham players that could return against Arsenal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 