Kelsey Parker wants to be ‘hopeful’ in the new year but she isn’t really sure’ how to feel about 2023 after the death of her husband Tom Parker. The Wanted singer died in March aged 33 after being diagnosed with a brain tumour, and his 32-year-old widow is looking ahead to the next 12 months as she tries to focus on ‘fun and positivity’ with their children Rae, three, and Bo, two, after their first Christmas without Tom. Sharing a smiling picture of herself on Instagram, she wrote: ‘Hello 2023. I wonder what you’ll have in store for us. ‘To be honest I’m not really sure how I’m feeling about the new year. I want to be hopeful, to look forward to but it’s hard to move forward without looking back. ‘I do know that whatever it brings, with Rae and Bo by my side the year will be full of smiles, fun and positivity.’ She noted that her family will continue to live and grow with their ‘grief’, while she wished her followers all the best for the new year. ‘We’ll carry on as we were in 2022, living with our grief and growing around it’ she added. ‘I’m looking forward to sharing it all with you and however you’ve left 2022 I wish you love and happiness for 2023. #PositiveParkersForever’ She also included an image depicting grief as a ball in a glass, noting that rather than the ball ‘shrinking over time’, it’s the glass – representing the person – that grows ‘around’ the grief. Kelsey’s followers flooded the post with messages of support, and many revealed how much she has helped them through their own challenging times. ‘You are an amazing woman and have helped me with my grief xx,’ wrote one follower, while another said: ‘You are stronger than you know, it will take time, you will get there, time is a healer’. The Glad You Came singer announced in October 2020 he had been diagnosed with stage four glioblastoma and had begun radiotherapy and chemotherapy. Before Christmas, Kelsey admitted how difficult she was finding it to wrap presents for the children with her grief ‘catching her off guard’ as she also geared up for her grandfather’s funeral. The actress and influencer is fronting a new six-part documentary series on ITVBe, Life After Tom, which she hopes will help to keep her late husband’s memory alive, while also encouraging people to talk openly about dealing with loss. It’s recently been reported that she’s ‘found love again’ with electrician Sean Boggans after meeting through mutual friends at a wedding. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey says she will never be same again following The Wanted singer’s death: ‘The trauma is beyond anything anyone could imagine’ MORE : Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey offers comfort for anyone missing a loved one at Christmas 