Sir Cliff Richard has been left distraught following the death of a close friend that he had lived with for 30 years. The 82-year-old is mourning the loss of his former manager, Bill Latham, who was also a lifelong friend to the star. Sir Cliff took to Facebook to pay tribute to his friend, who he credited for helping him find the ‘spiritual pathway’ that helped to change his life. Sharing a photo of himself and Latham alongside American evangelist Billy Graham, he started his message: ‘Dear all. Yet another loss. ‘This time, someone I feel as though I’ve know forever has left this life and moved on to a better one. Many, if not all of you, will know of whom I write….Bill Latham. ‘He is the one who led me onto that spiritual pathway that changed my life fully and completely. He showed me how important it was to be charitable and also be brave enough to speak openly of my faith. ‘Bill was one of those people who you could reliably lean on and I did, many times.’ He continued: ‘It’s always going to be difficult losing a friend and I know that Bill had many friends and they will all be able to relate to these, my words. “Bill was Spiritual and loving and fun”. ‘He will be missed greatly and will live on in the many hearts of those that loved and respected him…my heart being one of them.’ Sir Cliff signed off: ‘God bless you Bill. You deserve your Rest In Peace….Cliff.’ Speaking previously about rumours that surrounded the pair while they were living with one another, Sir Cliff told the Evening Standard in 2008: ‘When Bill and I lived together, there were always stories about what people suspected our real relationship was, but what nobody realised was that his girlfriend was living with us, too. ‘Nobody asked about that – not that it was anyone else’s business. They just thought: “Uh-oh, two guys living together.” ‘When Bill decided to move out, it was because he and his girlfriend wanted to be alone together, simple as that. ‘But some of the stories that are going around are beyond belief. It is almost as if people are trying to spoil our friendship. ‘Yet I’ve made it crystal clear that this is how I like to live. I like to think that all the innuendo goes over my head, although I still get annoyed sometimes. ‘It used to worry me a lot because it’s just not fair on the other party. OK, I have to put up with it, but they don’t.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir Cliff Richard is totally up for collaborating with Stormzy after losing out in tense chart battle MORE : Sir Cliff Richard has cut 10 foods from diet but misses certain salad staple the most 