Joe Wicks – aka The Body Coach – became the nation’s PE teacher during the pandemic lockdowns and with a cost of living crisis ever present, he’s hoping to rally the troops once more. Appearing on TV screens each morning, he led households through quick at-home workouts, proving expensive gym memberships and personal trainers were a luxury, not a necessity. The 37-year-old health and fitness extraordinaire began his career online posting tips and exercise routines via social media that quickly amassed a large cult following. Now, virtually training millions every day, the personal trainer and entrepreneur continues to advocate for healthy living at the tip of your finger – or more specifically through an app he founded collating his resources into one place. Acknowledging the difficult time the UK currently faces, Joe explained how people could be resourceful and ensure they are meeting their fitness goals without splashing the cash on third-party trainers. He exclusively told Metro.co.uk: ‘Yeah, it’s going to be tough for people because if you’re used to that personal trainer with you or that gym membership kind of structure where you’re there and there’s people around you. ‘The great thing about exercise is it is free. There is access to free content on YouTube through my Body Coach channel – but also hundreds of thousands of people around the world share great workouts that can be done in your living room or your bedroom. ‘So I think you have to change your mindset a little bit. Providing alternatives to a gym setting, the star suggested: ‘Maybe you can’t get to a gym for a few months or a year but there’s no reason to give up on your physical exercise because you can walk to work, you can go running, you can do a HIIT workout in your living room. ‘We’ve done that during lockdown and it was fine so it’s like, can you get back into that?’ The social media personality then highlighted the abundance of benefits that come with working out independently, away from a gym structure. ‘Once you break the barrier you actually realise there’s less friction,’ he began. ‘You might wanna go to the gym but there’s snow, there’s rain, there’s buses being cancelled, there are tube strikes. ‘Whereas if you just say, “I’ve done my day at work, I’m just going to do a quick 20-minute HIIT workout with Joe and my bedroom” – like that’s accessible. There’s less friction. ‘So I think it’s a positive. I really believe in home workouts, I think they’re amazing and when you find the trainer you love they can really be there. ‘They are there in the living room with you so give it a go, try a home workout, and then that way you don’t have to feel like you’re neglecting your physical help because you can’t afford a gym membership.’ Stepping into the new year, the coach also revealed where he finds the motivation to want to keep entire nations of people fit and healthy. The father-of-three shared: ‘I’ve always been passionate about helping people that struggle. ‘I don’t know what it is about people that need motivation, people that are sedentary, people that are really down – I just get a real sense of joy when I take someone who feels that way and convert them into fitness lovers and PE teachers and you know, fitness coaches. ‘I think it’s amazing so I suppose because I’ve got a real connection with my audience, the energy really comes from the impact and just feeling it and reading it. ‘I’m trying to just continue the mission. PE with Joe was incredible but it was in a lockdown. How can I keep people still engaged in exercise, and still passionate about moving? It’s a challenge.’ One way the fitness enthusiast aims to keep Brits moving is through a new physical studio pop-up event in London. The three-day extravaganza will feature a series of classes taught by Joe himself and trainers from his The Body Coach app as they go through the motions of HIIT, Yoga and Strength, family sessions, and sessions in British Sign Language. After each workout session, Joe will be available to chat with and offer assistance to anyone wanting to kick-start their fitness journey. He said of his upcoming event: ‘Things like this are just ways of actually bringing people together because if I can bring a mom or dad there and they go home and encourage their kids to exercise, it has a ripple effect.’ The Body Coach Studios’ is the first-ever fitness studio from Joe Wicks’ The Body Coach app. To find out more and book tickets for 20-22 January, head to thebodycoach.com/studios Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joe Wicks launching in-person gym with live workouts after huge YouTube success: ‘I’ve been planning this for a long time’ MORE : Joe Wicks announces baby daughter’s name with adorable photo of sleeping newborn 