This is the moment a drink driver did a backflip to convince police that he was sober – before getting confused over what a straight line is. Tanner Watson, 27, was pulled over for speeding by the Broadview Heights Police Department in Ohio on November 23. When officers approached the car window, they smelt alcohol inside the vehicle, which had four people inside. They also noted that Watson had come to an awkward stop and decided to launch a field sobriety test, Cleveland 19 reports. ‘Your driving’s pretty bad, your eyes are super glossy. I can smell booze coming from you, so I want to run some sobriety tests on you,’ one officer told him. Watson admitted to drinking three or four beers, but was ‘disappointed’ he couldn’t convince the officer he was sober in the end, WKRG reports. After he failed a horizontal gaze test, he was told to walk in a straight line going down the sidewalk. Seconds later, he did a backflip – leaving an officer impressed with his athletic ability. ‘That’s good, man,’ the laughing cop says. ‘I can’t do that, I’ll tell you that.’ But he was less taken by Watson’s next question: ‘I’m asking you, what do you want me to do as a straight line?’ In response, the officer asked: ‘Have you had any psychedelic drugs today, man?’ Watson said he hadn’t, but went on to argue ‘To me, I picture a straight line compared to your straight line, it would be obscured.’ ‘I don’t know how I can explain this any clearer’, the officer replies. The driver was reportedly arrested for driving while high or driving while drunk and is cited for speeding. But he kept arguing after he was put in handcuffs, asking the officer if he had ‘any proof’ that he was drunk. The exhausted officer replied: ‘Tanner, you can’t even tell me what a straight line is.’ Watson was arraigned on Thursday for an operating a vehicle under the influence charge and has been freed on bond. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.