Winter Love Island has only just debuted on our screens and the contestants have already been throwing around the new buzzword of the series, quicker than they’ll be turning heads. The new season of the ITV2 dating series launched on Monday night with Maya Jama making her first appearance as the new host since replacing Laura Whitmore. She did the honours of introducing our new batch of islanders, including Lana Jenkins, the former girlfriend of I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! runner up Owen Warner, and Ron Hall, who lost his sight in one eye while playing football as a child and is the show’s first visually-impaired contestant. Shortly after the boys got acquainted with the palatial South African villa, Maya arrived to have a chat with them by the firepit. One of them was immediately struck by the presenter’s beauty and remarked: ‘She’s unreal.’ From then on, the word ‘unreal’ was used left, right and centre with the first to enter the villa, Tanya Manhenga, admiring all the ‘unreal’ boys in the line-up, while Shaq Muhammad used the catchphrase to describe her before choosing to couple with the biomedical science student and influencer. Reacting to the repeated use, one viewer tweeted: ‘“You look unreal!” is the phrase of the season. Mark my words.’ ‘LoveIsland – Sponsored by ‘Unreal’,’ another quipped. One other weighed in: ‘I hope the Islanders can figure out a new superlative other than “unreal” by the end of the show.’ Another viewer quipped: ‘Drink every time someone says ‘Unreal’.’ Growing increasingly annoyed by the minute, one admitted: ‘“Unreal” is quickly becoming my least favourite word.’ Convinced it’s the handiwork of the producers, another viewer wondered: ‘Have they briefed them that “unreal” is this years lingo.’ Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 