There’s no glossing over the fact that buying a property is more difficult than it used to be. Interest rates are at a 15-year peak, cheap mortgages have disappeared and high energy bills have fuelled a cost-of-living crisis, squeezing budgets like never before. But despite all this, 2023 could be the perfect time to climb on to – or up – the housing ladder. You’ll need to take the long view as the housing market is cyclical and although prices are widely predicted to drop this year, there’s no reason to believe they won’t recover and increase – as they’ve always done in the past. Homeowners who bought in 2002 and sold in 2022 can testify to this. Data from estate agency Hamptons shows that even having weathered the 2008 credit crunch, when prices dropped by over 15 per cent, they sold for 161 per cent more than they’d paid. Purchasers have access to lots of help if needed. The Help to Buy equity loan has gone, but schemes such as shared ownership and First Homes are in place to make buying more affordable. Great deals can be had on new-builds, and developers such as Pocket Living target first-time buyers, delivering well-designed apartments for least 20 per cent below market value. These are in accessible locations across London, including Harbard Close in Barking (now fully reserved), where Bridget Dawodu who’s 37 and a product manager in the tech industry, bought last year. ‘In early 2020 I’d made an offer on a one-bedroom flat in Kingston but the buying process was a lot more expensive than I first thought, and I soon found myself living at my parents’ home,’ she explains. ‘Being able to raise enough money for a deposit always felt unachievable but living at home for a while really helped me save.’ When she got a notification about Harbard Close, Bridget admits that it seemed too good to be true. ‘I was sceptical when I saw that one-bedroom apartments in a Zone 4 location were available for around £190,000. ‘But I decided to take a look and was pleasantly surprised – not least because the flat I almost bought was much more expensive and a quarter the size.’ pocketliving.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to declutter your space to help bring in new energy for the New Year MORE : The interior design trends you’ll be seeing more of in 2023