With ivy climbing walls of chipped and faded paint, this abandoned house could have come straight out of a fairytale. An urban explorer stumbled across the house in rural France while out with his friend. Yannik was stunned to find the home’s original features and ornaments still intact but surrounded by a trail of ivy and moss. ‘It’s amazing to see how nature takes everything back,’ 21-year-old Yannik said. ‘The garden had a bit of the feeling of a fairytale house with all these plates.’ After doing some digging, Yannik discovered that a couple lived there 12 years ago. Yannik said: ‘They probably both died and had no children that could take care of the house after their death. I found all the pictures of the couple and a 2011 calendar.’ The kitchen was still intact and, amongst the appliances, Yannik found wilted flowers. Set against the peeling green paint, it looks like something out of a Disney film set. A trail of ivy leads into a dining room where a collection of china plates, chairs, and watercolour paintings remain in the indoor garden. Things get a bit stranger in the bedroom, where a floral duvet still covers a double bed. ‘Inside the house, it was very creepy,’ Yannik told NeedToKnow.online. ‘There were so many dolls, and I saw several stood up in one room.’ Yannik shared a tour of the home on TikTok – a clip that has since racked up 65,000 likes. Since he started exploring abandoned properties in 2019, Yannik has found places both enchanting and strange, all left to rot. Urban explorers can often stumble across unexpected gems, like when Colin Smith found this eerie mansion that had been abandoned for 30 years. His interest was piqued one night three years ago, when he started exploring some ruins with friends. The explorer added: ‘I really got interested in that, so I started to search for some better places and contacts in the urbex (urban exploring) scene. ‘After some time, I found these incredible furnished places where everything is left behind and nothing is trashed. ‘Then I said to myself “I need to photograph and record these places.” ‘So, I bought a Canon camera and started with Instagram and this year I started sharing them on TikTok.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Incredible £10million abandoned mansion found kitted out in 60s glamour MORE : Mansion in California propped up on 60-foot stilts hits market for £13million MORE : A 17-bedroom mansion once owned by the Queen’s cousin on the market for £4,000,000