Ed Sheeran announced his return to social media on Tuesday. In a new video, the hitmaker apologised to fans for being inactive online and promised they can expect him to start posting more. Ed, 31, explained that his absence was down to a ‘turbulent’ time in his personal life but said ‘things are looking up’. The Shape of You hitmaker told his 41.9million Instagram followers: ‘I realise I haven’t been that engaged in my fanbase or my social media online over the last couple of years and the things that have been posted on this account might have got a bit boring, I’m sorry.’ Ed, who was referring to the fact most content posted on his channels recently had been promotional, continued: ‘The reason I’m making this video, just being totally honest, I’ve had some turbulent things happening in my personal life so I just didn’t really feel like being online and pretending to be something I’m not when I wasn’t really feeling like that.’ The doting dad went on: ‘I know that sounds weird, but I’m making this video to say things are looking up and I’m back online. ‘So weird s**t is gonna start being posted here.’ Ed waved goodbye to Instagram in a dramatic end of year post, and reassured fans he would be back to serenade them again in the new year. After wrapping up filming for a music video to go with his new album due out next year, the chart-topper declared he was done with 2022. Taking to his social media account, Ed posted a behind-the-scenes snap from the beach set of the promo, where he can be seen with his back to the camera, standing on a giant rock looking out at sea. Alongside the poetic picture, he alerted fans to his upcoming hiatus captioning the image with: ‘Signing off now until 2023. ‘See you in the new year. Much love, Ed x.’ While 2022 had its highs for Ed – who welcomed his second daughter with wife Cherry Seaborn in May – it also had its lows. Ed’s close friend Jamal Edwards died aged 31 of a heart attack after using cocaine on February 20, 2022, at his Acton home. Reflecting on his friend’s death in September, Ed admitted he doesn’t think he’d have a career without Jamal. ‘I really don’t think I would have been given the opportunities that I was given had it not been for Jamal putting his arm around me,’ Ed said, according to BBC News. He recalled how he had been ‘slogging on the acoustic singer-songwriter scene for a very long time, just blending in’ before he was discovered by Jamal and given the opportunity to perform on his YouTube channel. Earlier this month, Ed paid tribute to Jamal by recording a freestyle rap in his honour. Ed rapped: ‘Yo Jam, this is a letter to you. It’s been a while, but it’s been hard for me to get in the booth. ‘Since we last spoke, I’ve become a father of two, trying to live life with a smile but that’s been harder to do. ‘All I want to do is talk about you, but these tears won’t let me talk about you. We should have known that we’d be lost without you. ‘Therapy sessions digging and depression, I got a life full of blessings but this just breaks my f*****g heart.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom’s ex-wife Miranda Kerr praised for supporting each other and celebrating their ‘modern family’ MORE : Love Island star ‘dumped from villa’ in shock exit amid Tom Clare and Ellie Spence drama  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 