The Sun is moving into some star sign’s zones which could have a positive impact on your day. For Aries, prepare to connect with like-minded company as the Sun eases into your friendship zone for the next month. Taurus, this could be one of the best times to promote yourself and your unique qualities, also thanks to the Sun’s positioning. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 20, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 A lighter vibe shows up from today, as the Sun eases into your friendship zone for a four week stay. You’ll be ready to connect with like-minded people whose company gives you a buzz. This might mean leaving one group or club and joining a better one, or linking up with those who share goals and ambitions. Either way, you’ll want to give this side of life a lot more attention. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Get ready for your place in the spotlight, Taurus. The Sun’s move into a high-flying zone, makes this one of the best times to promote yourself and your unique qualities. You have something special to give that no one else has, and this is your chance to let others appreciate your brilliance. This isn’t the time to play small. Aim high, and get ready to move out of your comfort zone. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 It’s up, up and away, as the emphasis shifts to your sector of far horizons, new experiences and travel opportunities. You’ll be ready to take a leap of faith and see where you end up. It’s a good time to pick up new skills, especially those related to tech and computing, learning a language or getting a qualification. And with Mars back on track in your sign, you’re all set to go, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 The coming four weeks can see you taking a deeper dive into areas of your life that are ripe for change. You’ve been working steadily at this, with prudent Saturn in your sector of transformation for a couple of years, and you’ve likely come a long way. This is a chance to take stock and consider what else you’re ready to release that no longer serves a purpose, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 As Venus approaches prudent Saturn, you may be thinking about making a deeper commitment to someone, whether this is in a romantic or business sense. Because you’re serious, you’ll be thinking long and hard about the consequences. Plus, as the Sun glides into your relationship zone from today, it puts a greater emphasis on teamwork, partnerships and “we” instead of “me”. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You’ll feel you’re getting somewhere now the planets are supporting you rather than contributing to doubt and delays. Mars is bringing out your fighting spirit, and inspiring you to give your goals your best shot. Push ahead, and the results will start to show. The Sun’s move into Aquarius encourages you to get organized so you can take advantage of key opportunities. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Sun arrives in your leisure and romance zone from today for four weeks, so you’ll be keen to get involved with activities that channel your talents. Saturn in this sector has been a call to overcome your fears and showcase your talent. And if you’ve been nervous of getting back into the dating loop or need a chance to unwind with your partner, this is it. Go and enjoy yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Home sweet home, may call out to you as the Sun glides into Aquarius. Over coming weeks, make time to eat well, sleep more and build yourself up. You’ll also get a feel for where you can make improvements to your property, whether in terms of ramping up security, giving your place a makeover or doing some structural work. Need some pampering? Don’t hesitate, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Put off dealing with admin or holding important conversations? If so, the Sun’s entrance into Aquarius can inspire you to get to work. Book appointments, clear out paper clutter and streamline your filing system, and you’ll feel more clear-headed for doing it. This could also be a great time for networking and connecting with others who share your interests and goals, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 As Venus approaches cautious Saturn your guide planet, you may be wary of spending too much and be looking to cut down on expenses. The Sun’s move into your money zone shines a light on the state of play, and might be a call to be more disciplined, perhaps by setting up a budget. Mind, with the sales ongoing, you could still come across items that you can’t resist, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A new phase begins, as the Sun enters your sign for four weeks. You’ll notice a rise in confidence and vitality, and this will translate into action to fulfil your latest goals and plans. You’ll want to focus on projects that resonate with you at the level of the heart. It’s time to be a little selfish and do what’s best for you. Use this opportunity to build yourself up. Soon you’ll start to flourish. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You’re entering a quieter phase, as the radiant Sun eases into Aquarius and a secluded zone. After a hectic year, this is your chance to catch your breath and complete anything that is hanging over you. It’s also an opportunity to let go of emotional baggage and anything else holding you back. You could try to do this yourself or with the help of a mentor, coach or counsellor. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : Your star sign’s Aquarius season tarot horoscope – be a world fixer MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 18, 2023 MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 17, 2023