Love Island viewers have spotted certain social media clues hinting that Olivia Hawkins actually knew bombshell Zara Lackenby-Brown before she entered the villa. Things heated up between the pair during Thursday’s episode, when Zara, 25, was dared to kiss the cheeks of an Islander she thinks is the most two-faced as part of a game, and ended up choosing Olivia. While the other Islanders were left in hysterics over the tensions, Olivia, 27, was clearly fuming before saying in the Beach Hut that she felt ‘humiliated’. ‘I feel like she’s using me in her game. I feel like she wanted to humiliate me,’ she said. The drama continued when Olivia was told to ‘reveal a secret’ and hit back at Zara by saying that she wasn’t too-faced. She later said: ”I’m definitely not the one being bitchy. I don’t want to say anything to her right now. I don’t want to make a thing of it.’ And while tensions are certainly brewing, fans now think the islanders already knew each other. It appears that Olivia and Zara have been commenting on each other’s social media posts, going back months. On one picture of Zara, dating back to 139 weeks ago, which would have been in May 2020, Olivia commented with: ‘Fave photo of you,’ to which Zara replied: ‘My babes’. On another, dating from around the same time, Olivia posted fire emojis, and Zara replied with a red heart. Spotting the social media clues, one Love Island fan wrote on Twitter: ‘Why are Zara and Olivia pretending they don’t know each other? This might explain why Olivia seemed overly offended at Zara calling her two-faced.’ ‘Ohhh they have some history,’ another penned, while a third wrote: ‘Oooo so a situation happened outside the villa or olivia must of acted like she didnt know her when zara came in… ok ok’. Elsewhere on Thursday’s explosive episode, several of the contestants had to step in to avoid a fight from breaking out when Haris Namani and Shaq Muhammad locked horns. Shaq didn’t look best-pleased when bombshell David Salako kissed Tanya Mahenga, who he’s coupled up with, so when Haris turned to David and asked how his kiss with Tanya was, things blew up pretty quickly. Will the explosions continue tonight? Love Island continues on Friday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island stars Haris Namani and Shaq Muhammad rage in heated clash as islanders step in to avoid fight MORE : Winter Love Island viewers accuse Ron Hall of lying to Lana Jenkins by claiming his head isn’t turning for bombshell Zara Lackenby-Brown – when it 100% is 