Detectives searching for a missing couple and their newborn baby have checked every hotel and B&B in Colchester. A CCTV sighting over the weekend led police to believe Mark Gordon and Constance Marten were in Essex. They have been missing since their vehicle broke down on the M61, near Bolton, on Thursday. At the time, Constance had ‘very recently given birth and neither her or the baby have been assessed by medical professionals’. Greater Manchester Police confirmed that overnight search efforts have focused on Colchester. The forces said in a statement: ‘At this stage, we are following several strong lines of enquiry. ‘We continue to liaise with transport companies in order to identify whether there has been any onward travel from Colchester. ‘Officers have also worked through the night to visit every single hotel and bed and breakfast in the city to establish whether the couple and their baby have recently stayed with them.’ Leaflets have been delivered across Colchester in a bid to trace the family. After their car broke down, they were initially believed to have walked towards Anchor Lane bridge which links the Highfield and Little Hulton areas. Widespread search efforts have been underway in the days since. Detective Chief Inspector Rob Huddleston said: ‘As we have said previously, from our perspective this search is about the young child’s welfare. ‘We know some elements of the public may see police involvement as unwelcome and I would seek to assure you that we do not wish to impose ourselves for any reason other than to make sure the new-born baby is alive and well. ‘I am a parent myself and I know the bond a mother and father have with their child, but I would appeal directly to Mark and Constance to put the welfare of their child first. ‘To you, Constance, medical professionals still need to assess your baby to make sure he or she is medically well and there no underlying issues for which he or she may need help for. Indeed, medical professionals would like to examine you for the same reasons. ‘Please, get in contact any way you would like to. We are here and ready to help you.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.