British tanks are expected to arrive in Ukraine by the end of March – in time for the anticipated Russian spring offensive. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said ‘everything is going according to plan’ over the supply of the Challenger 2 tanks, with Ukrainians set to begin training on them shortly. The UK was the first country to promise modern Nato tanks, with Germany and the US now also committed to supply Volodymyr Zelensky’s forces with dozens of vehicles. Air raid alarms sounded across Kyiv on Thursday as Russia launched a wave of missile and drone attacks in response to the Western allies’ pledge. Dozens of Nato’s modern battle tanks are to be sent to Ukraine to bolster the fight against Vladimir Putin’s invasion, ending weeks of diplomatic deadlock over the supply of armour to the country. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz approved the supply of the Leopard 2 to Kyiv, which would also allow other allies operating the tanks to re-export them. The US confirmed it will send 31 M1 Abrams tanks to the warzone. Moscow reacted with fury to the German and American announcements, and has in the past responded to apparent Ukrainian successes with massed air strikes that have left millions without light, heat or water. Nato secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg warned that Russia is planning a fresh offensive, as he said sending tanks to Ukraine will make a ‘big difference’ to the country’s ability to win the war. ‘This will help them repel Russian offensives, to help them to be able to retake territory, liberate more Ukrainian lands and to win this war to prevail as a sovereign independent nation,’ he told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme. In the Commons, defence minister Alex Chalk said the UK will begin training Ukrainian soldiers in how to use and fix the contingent of tanks ‘next week, on Monday’. On when Challenger 2 tanks would arrive in Ukraine, he added: ‘The intention is that it will be at the end of March, and between now and then a really significant programme of training, not just for the tank crews who are to operate this vehicle, but also for those who will be charged with maintaining it.’ He stressed that equipping Ukraine to push Russia out of its territory is ‘as important as equipping them to defend what they already have’. Meanwhile, UK defence officials suggested that Russia’s most modern tank had been rushed to Ukraine before it is operational. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin mocked for wearing high heels during university visit The Ministry of Defence said in an intelligence update: ‘Russia has worked to prepare a small number of T-14 Armata main battle tanks for the type’s first operational deployment in Ukraine. ‘However, in recent months, deployed Russian forces were reluctant to accept the first tranche of T-14 allocated to them because the vehicles were in such poor condition. ‘It is unclear exactly what aspects of the vehicles prompted this reaction, but within the last three years, Russian officials have publicly described problems with the T-14’s engine and thermal imaging systems. ‘In 2021, defence minister Sergei Shoigu described the planned production run for 2022 as only an “experimental-industrial” batch. ‘Therefore, it is unlikely that any deployed T-14 tanks will have met the usual standards for new equipment to be deemed operational.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.