There is a Mercury and Moon retrograde taking place which could have a positive effect on your day. For Taurus, it could be a call to connect with your friends, especially if you might have neglected them with your keenness to forge new links. Elsewhere, Aquarius, the Virgo Moon’s positive tie with Mercury could suggest that getting the household budget in order may help you cut back and save for something worthwhile. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 11, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Is something about your job, lifestyle or financial situation a tad repetitive? If so Aries, it might be time to reflect on what you do want. Perhaps there are new skills you could benefit from or you may be aiming to play a bigger role in your job or community. In the end though, it’s about what makes you truly happy. Give this some thought, as the answers can be deeply revealing. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Today’s Moon/Mercury tie can be a call to connect with your friends, especially if you’ve neglected them in your keenness to forge new links. With so much excitement going on lately, your mind may have been on all the opportunities that seem to dance before your eyes. A call or offer of a coffee or meal lets them know you care, and allows you to enjoy their company. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Experiencing a setback or stumbling block? If so, the Moon in a private zone could help you backtrack and find the source. Chatting with someone who understands your issue might pave the way for a solution, and assure you that you’re not alone. Mind, Mars’s change of direction tomorrow in your sign, can coincide with a decision to get more exercise. Time to get moving! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 The Moon’s awkward aspect with Venus, can find you making light of feelings which could be serious. Perhaps you don’t want to admit to them for fear of making a fool of yourself. But you can’t deny that your thoughts may have been more compelling than usual, and dealing with them might seem like a messy business. A friendly chat can reassure you that you’re not alone. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Your ambition to turn a corner with a goal, career or business, can find you planning your next big step. You’ll have a chance to liaise with those who know what they’re talking about, and this could prepare you to make some important decisions. What do you want to accomplish six months to a year from now? If you know what this is, you may begin your journey to making it a reality. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 It’s time to get clear about your biggest and brightest dreams, rather than muddle along hoping for the best. Recently, you may have been presented with a smorgasbord of exciting choices. But current influences encourage you to take one opportunity further by preparing for it. This might mean knowing what skills you’ll need, and then beginning the process of acquiring them, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may seem calm on the surface, but deep down you might be more anxious, making you hesitant to rush into anything too quickly. This could be because certain matters need closure, and tending to these first is crucial if you’re to make your next move. If you can clear the decks of whatever bothers you, you will see opportunities for progress just about everywhere you look. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A heart-to-heart talk could turn into a therapy session, in which some surprising truths come to light. You might be shocked by what is revealed, and yet aware that deep down you knew all along. Will this change your relationship with someone? It can alter dramatically, and yet this may be for the better. While illusions could be shattered, you will now be more authentic. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Planning some lifestyle changes? How about talking to your partner and the rest of the family with a view to getting their support. Ideas might entail cooking healthier meals, exercising daily or making more time to unwind. Handle any objections, and be willing to compromise on a few points, and you might find that your fitness and happiness increase easily and naturally. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 There may be more than one way to reach a goal, so don’t feel you have to stick to a definite plan. By being willing to experiment, you’ll discover ways to achieve your outcome faster. Even so, it’s not about getting there quickly, but more about what you learn along the way, as something you discover could turn out to be worth its weight in gold, as you’ll soon find out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Need to have a talk, Aquarius? The Virgo Moon’s positive tie with Mercury, suggests getting clear on the household budget could help you cut back and save for something worthwhile. Equally, a conversation about something for the home might clear up any confusion so you can zero in on the best buy. Feel you’ve missed an opportunity? It will come round again. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may be in demand, with a stream of people eager for your attention or advice. You have a knack of dealing with those who are feeling under the weather or who need a morale-boosting session to enhance their confidence. But a key influence could find you suffering from a temporary bout of analysis paralysis yourself, unless you stop overthinking and start doing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for November 13 to 19 – and Mercury’s move to Sagittarius MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of November 2022 MORE : Mars retrograde slows everything down – your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the period