Katie Price has earned a fortune from her work as a glamour model, reality TV star and even OnlyFans recently, but her new job might just be the most rewarding yet. The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here star has announced a surprising career change that will see her use her most challenging ordeals to share life advice with paying subscribers. There’s perhaps no one best placed for the role than Katie, 44, who has endured several marriages and divorces, bankruptcy, having multiple children, highly-publicised break-ups, various accidents, substance abuse issues and legal troubles. She’ll now be training to become a life coach and revealed that fans will have the opportunity to learn from her own experiences in online sessions they can access through a subscription service. Katie said in her Instagram stories on Saturday: ‘Hi everyone. Now we all know I’ve had my ups, I’ve had my downs and now I want to start helping people. ‘Now I’m going to start my life coaching training with The Coaching Masters. And it’s so easy to do and you get all your certifications, all of that, and it’s like a membership that you do each month for £9.99.’ She continued: ‘It’s amazing, you don’t have to be qualified, you don’t have to know knowledge of this and that and they literally teach you everything to become a life coach like I am going to become. It’s an amazing opportunity for those out there who have been through their ups and downs to now help other people.’ ‘I’m really excited to do it. I’m so happy I’ve come aboard and who knows, I could be coaching you,’ she concluded. In recent weeks, Katie has been embroiled in another public split from fiance Carl Woods after more than two years together. The estranged couple got engaged in April 2021 and had reportedly been on and off until Carl, 33, declared the relationship was over for good and accused Katie of cheating on him. Katie has not addressed the split but was said to have told a TikTok follower that she was ‘single’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 