Joe Cole is adamant Joao Felix will be a success at Chelsea despite being sent off on his Premier League debut against Fulham. Chelsea’s worrying run of form continued at Craven Cottage as Fulham clinched a 2-1 win to pile the pressure on Graham Potter. Ex-Blues star Willian gave the hosts a first-half lead but Chelsea appeared to be in the ascendency after Kalidou Koulibaly equalised two minutes after the break. Chelsea’s potential comeback was thwarted on the hour mark as Felix – who completed a loan move from Atletico Madrid earlier in the week – was shown a straight red card for a reckless lunge on Kenny Tete. While the Portugal forward became the first Chelsea player to receive a red card on his Premier League debut, Cole was largely impressed by Felix and believes he will be a ‘good signing’ for his former club. ‘I thought Joao Felix was brilliant tonight,’ Cole said on BT Sport. ‘I’ve seen enough to know he’s going to be a good signing for Chelsea. ‘He showed his ability and personality but that moment of madness changed the game. Felix showed signs he can made a difference in a Chelsea shirt.’ Ex-England striker Peter Crouch added: ‘Technically he was brilliant, he showed lots of lovely touches. It was a moment of madness that cost Chelsea.’ Chelsea, who sacked Thomas Tuchel earlier in the season, have now only won twice in 10 matches and could drop into the bottom-half of the season this weekend. Under-fire Blues boss Potter said: ‘I think we controlled the game early won the ball back high created some opportunities maybe missed the last pass. We made a couple of mistakes for their goal. ‘Second-half I think we responded well and then the red card changes the game. Makes it a little more difficult for us, I thought the application when we went down to 10 was really good. ‘Disappointed with the goal because I think we could do better and that is what cost us.’ For Fulham, a first win over Chelsea since 2006 puts them sixth in the table, just four points outside the Champions League places, though some teams have two games in hand over Marco Silva’s side. Silva said: ‘I’m delighted with the result and pleased with the first-half. The second-half wasn’t at our best level. ‘The good thing we can take as a group, even in the second-half we didn’t perform at our best and we are able to win a football match against a top side even if they are on a bad run.’ Chelsea will be desperate to return to winning ways on Sunday when they welcome Crystal Palace to Stamford Bridge, while Fulham return to action against Newcastle United. MORE : Fulham delete tweet mocking Joao Felix after red card in Chelsea defeat MORE : Arsenal urged to sign former Chelsea striker after Mykhailo Mudryk For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 