Your relationship with others, and yourself, will be in the spotlight today. Taurus may feel compelled to take some time out to heal the soul, while Gemini could be motivated to seek out a different crowd. Libra may need to set firmer boundaries with others and say it how it is, while Scorpio could be called on to take a more sensitive approach. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 13, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Charm can work its magic today, as the Moon in Libra encourages good relationships. Feel moved to reach out to someone who could be helpful to you? A link to visionary Neptune might encourage a more selfless tack. Sharing something with this person without expecting anything in return, may enable a positive start to this association and make friendship much more likely. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The thought of getting away from it all may seem heavenly. And it can be the idea of enjoying an idyllic break that inspires you to go ahead and book it. If you don’t have the time for this, Taurus, then a journey to a nearby beauty spot could help soothe your mind and heal the soul. Just taking an hour or two to switch off and enjoy the scenery and a walk might be just the ticket. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Sharing something personal or enjoying a heart-to-heart chat could enhance an important relationship. It can smooth things over if there’s been a difference of opinion, or if you haven’t connected as much as you would like. There’s also a side of you that needs something different. If you’re going to an event, you’ll prefer new and stimulating company to your usual crowd. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 The idea of escaping to somewhere pleasant for a few hours could give you something to look forward to, especially if you’re up to your eyes in work. Mind, with expansive Jupiter urging you to aim higher and take on board bigger opportunities, you probably have your hands full. A plan to eat at a restaurant you know and love or to head out to a more exotic location will do you good. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Need a break from your daily schedule? Give yourself some leeway and consider breaking up tasks with activities that can energise and inspire you. A short walk in pleasant surroundings or a coffee with a friend could make the day more interesting and enjoyable. You may also be inspired to reach out to someone who needs some advice and perhaps a shoulder to cry on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 This can be a day of romantic gestures and pleasant outings. You may feel like doing something for others that will give them a boost. Sending flowers or taking that special person out for a meal, or to an exhibition, could lift your mood too. This is one of those times when you won’t expect anything in return, but your thoughtfulness might make everyone around you happier. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Wish your life was easier? If you’re currently experiencing difficulties, then it may be because you need to set firmer boundaries. The Sun’s link with Neptune suggests you can feel guilty for saying no to those who might have been way too demanding recently. Jupiter in your sector of relating tells a different story, suggesting it’s much healthier to be honest and say it like it is. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A sensitive approach to an issue allows for a solution that works for everyone. You may be clear on what you hope to gain out of a situation, yet taking others’ needs into account could send a positive signal that you have their best interests at heart. Your caring and respectful attitude can make way for positive developments. Even so, there’s one matter you won’t compromise on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 This is no time to be too modest, Archer, by keeping your talents hidden from the world. As 2023 gets underway, you may benefit from taking a small risk in offering your services to others, even if only on a volunteer basis. Once confidence develops, you might feel justified in charging and enhancing your cash flow. Plus, a dream could inspire you with a brilliant money-making idea. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 If you’ve tended to keep your feelings to yourself recently, the coming days can see you being more open about them. With the Sun aligning with ethereal Neptune, it may even seem you’ve gone too far, leaving you prone to criticism. And yet your openness could cause a positive shift in a situation that others are reluctant to discuss. It might encourage them to speak out too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 If you’ve been busy helping others, then a delightful blend of energies hints that it’s time to turn your attention to yourself. The stellar backdrop suggests doing something that lifts your spirits and nurtures your soul. When you give back to yourself, you may notice how revitalised you are and how this simple act can leave you feeling more enthusiastic about the days ahead, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You could feel a connection with someone that seems to go deeper than usual, even if you’ve only just met. It might even seem that you can pick up on each other’s thoughts and feelings without having to say anything. This new connection may develop into something quite special, and become a spiritual bond that stands the test of time. You’ll appreciate it more and more. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2022 MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 8 to January 14