Adam Levine and wife Behati Prinsloo have welcomed their third child together, it has been claimed. The Maroon 5 frontman, 43, and Victoria’s Secret model, 34, have added to their family once again, months after confirming their baby news. An insider told People Magazine of their new arrival, but they have yet to share the little one’s name or gender. They are already parents to daughters Dusty and Gio. Adam and Behati started dating in 2012 before tying the knot two years later in a ceremony in Mexico. They welcomed Dusty in September, 2016, before adding to their family once again in February, 2018, with Gio. Last September, the fashion icon confirmed they would be introducing another child into the fold with a very low-key announcement. She unveiled her growing baby bump in a snap alongside a caption simply reading: ‘Recent.’ However, their marriage was thrown into the spotlight when Instagram model Sumner Stroh shared a video on TikTok a few days later, alleging that she had an affair with Adam. In a video posted to the platform, she said that she felt ‘exploited’ by the situation, and claimed that the She Will Be Loved singer later asked if he could name their third child after her. The dad-of-three addressed the accusations in a statement on social media shortly after, insisting that he did not have an affair. ‘A lot is being said about me right now and I want to clear the air. I used poor judgment in speaking with anyone other than my wife in ANY kind of flirtatious manner,’ it read. ‘I did not have an affair, nevertheless, I crossed the line during a regrettable period of my life. ‘In certain instances it became inappropriate. I have addressed that and taken proactive steps to remedy this with my family.’ Adam continued: ‘My wife and my family is all I care about in this world. To be this naïve and stupid enough to risk the only thing that truly matters to me was the greatest mistake I could ever make.’ ‘I will never make it again. I take full responsibility. We will get through it and we will get through it together.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Librarian to sell rare Harry Potter books she forgot she had for 20 years MORE : Love Island stars Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury welcome baby girl  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 