The moon is aligning with Jupiter today which could have an affect on your zone. Taurus, are you feeling upbeat and eager to move in interesting circles? This may be due to the pearly Moon aligning with positive Jupiter, and could coincide with warm and friendly encounters. For Cancer, a delightful Moon/Jupiter tie may be excellent for sealing a deal, or making headway in discussions and negotiations. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 26, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Feelings of positivity encourage you not to put your dreams to one side, but to pursue them. Happiness may come from doing what feels best to you Aries. And even if you had your doubts, they might now begin to clear up as fresh ideas come into view. Yet nothing is certain until it happens, so try to be realistic. You’ll need to have a plan and set it in motion to succeed. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Feeling upbeat and eager to move in interesting circles? This may be because the pearly Moon aligns with positive Jupiter, and could coincide with warm and friendly encounters. This aspect can also lead to a tendency to indulge, but if you don’t get to do so very often, then enjoy it. Have a desire for something? Relax, and you’ll get your wish faster than you imagined, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Ready to help in a crisis, Gemini? The Moon’s angle with Mercury could find you caught up in dramas. You may be the only person who has all the answers. Yet by taking sides, it might not help. Go for the middle path, and you may turn this around. And with the planet of talk and thought in an intense zone, you’ll easily be able to read between the lines in a key conversation. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A delightful Moon/Jupiter tie may be excellent for sealing a deal, or making headway in discussions and negotiations. You and another seem to get along well, and this can lead to more interactions and a stronger relationship in the future. And yet there is also potential to be over- confident or to ignore the finer details, which is so important if this is to turn out as hoped. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Know your worth Leo, as a contract or deal could be yours for the right price. If anything, you may be offered more than you wanted, but you’ll also be expected to put in more effort. Plus, a Moon/Mercury angle might put you in a tetchy mood if things don’t go according to plan. You’ll see the potential in an opportunity, but if you don’t have enough time, you’ll need to make it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 With an exuberant energy in the air, you’ll be firing on all cylinders, and there’s plenty you could accomplish if you want to. The Moon’s angle to Mercury might coincide with a conflict of interests. You may have strong feelings about someone’s proposal, especially if they aren’t in the mood to compromise. And yet if you want to get anywhere, you’ll need to keep trying, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Is someone acting out of character? If so, you may wonder why, especially if you know them well. Ready to have a tactful chat, Libra? If you can manage this, then it might sort out this matter once and for all. If they don’t want to talk, then it’s best to leave them alone to work things out for themselves. Instead of worrying about them, do something nice for yourself and enjoy it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 As Mars continues its journey through your sector of transformation, you may be eager to do something you weren’t quite ready for more recently. This change of heart might have arisen because of a decision to take a stand on matters that were blocking your success. Now with more room to think and express yourself, it’s time to take a leap forward that changes everything. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 This can be a good time to enhance your income, but it may require you to tap into resources and innate skills you haven’t used for a while or lacked the confidence to try. There can be an element of going into the unknown here. But if you’re willing to push ahead, you’ll find the people around you could be very impressed with what you’re offering. It is worth the effort! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 With the Moon aligning with upbeat Jupiter, don’t feel guilty about investing in yourself or indulging in some self-care. If you have the means and the inclination, then a little pampering could be a chance for some quiet time, and the opportunity to reflect on anything that has been bothering you. Feeling restless? A change of routine or a good walk could help, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Don’t want to think about something too deeply because of what it implies? With the Moon forging an edgy angle to Mercury, you may decide that by ignoring it, it will go away. Face it to even a small degree, and clarity could begin to dawn. Look even deeper, and much can be discovered, Aquarius. And you might find you have nothing much to worry about at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Is it worth splashing out and going to an event? You may be in two minds Pisces, especially if it’s likely to be an expensive affair, and you’re just as happy to spend the evening in relaxing. It could be worth the expense if you connect with someone who offers you an opportunity you’ll be pleased to consider. It might be work or romance related, but either way you’ll feel good about it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 22 to January 28 MORE : Chinese New Year 2023 zodiac horoscopes for each animal MORE : Venus in Pisces urges you to be wise in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope