Piers Haggard, the British director best known for his series Pennies From Heaven has died at the age of 83, his agent has confirmed. A cause of death has not been revealed, but is is said that he ‘died peacefully’ on January 11. Taking to Twitter, Haggard’s agents Casarotto Ramsay & Associates wrote: ‘Our beloved client, Piers Haggard was a truly remarkable filmmaker, campaigner for directors rights, and wonderful human being. He will be deeply missed by us and all who knew him.’ In a further statement, they said: ‘[He was] a warm-hearted and generous man, full of energy, whose family was a large part of his life as both a husband, father and grandfather. ‘Piers’ other great passion was as a campaigner of the rights of his fellow directors. ‘He was instrumental in helping to create the Directors Guild of Great Britain and Directors and Producers Rights Society, which today form Directors U.K., an organisation Piers remained deeply involved with up until his passing,’ they continued to tell Variety. His daughter, Daisy Haggard, is an actress, best known for BBC Three’s Back To Life and Sky One’s Breeders. She took to Twitter to simply write, ‘Our amazing dad,’ alongside a broken-heart emoji. Haggard’s career spanned over five decades and saw him work across film, television and theatre.  His series Pennies From Heaven, which starred Bob Hoskins, won a Bafta for Most Original Programme in 1979. Bafta paid tribute themselves, writing: ‘We were deeply saddened to hear of the death of British theatre, film & TV director, Piers Haggard OBE whose career spanned over five decades. ‘Piers was awarded a BAFTA, alongside Kenith Trodd, for the acclaimed BBC TV series Pennies From Heaven. Our thoughts are with his family.’ Directors UK added: ‘We have all learned so much from his inspiring history of fighting for directors. He was an incredibly insightful, kind and intelligent man who leaves behind a wonderful body of work and a legacy of selflessly protecting directors’ rights.’ Haggard is survived by his four children from his first marriage to Christiane Stokes, his second wife Anna Sklovsky and their two children as well as thirteen grandchildren. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Bafta EE rising star nominee Daryl McCormack shares advice after sex scenes with ‘personable’ Dame Emma Thompson MORE : Naya Rivera’s father claims late daughter and her Glee co-star Lea Michele ‘hated each other’ 