Minimalist weddings have been popular for some time now, and while they’re not likely to disappear altogether, there’s a campy, tulle-y alternative rearing its Elnett-ed head. Etsy has seen a rise in searches relevant to big, bold 80s weddings, and we are here for it. On the platform, from August to October 2022, compared to the same time the previous year, searches for cathedral-length veils had already risen by 65%, and searches for detachable sleeve wedding dresses went up up 54%. Meanwhile, interest in embroidered veils rose by 49%, wedding gloves by 21%, and interest in high-neckline wedding dresses increased by 14%. Dayna Isom Johnson, Etsy’s trend expert, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘A departure from the more muted and neutral tones we’ve seen over the last few years, couples are welcoming maximalism back into their weddings with all-out ‘80s glam making a major comeback in 2023. ‘This trend celebrates epic proportions and having fun with your attire – think statement sleeves, high necks, and all the volume.’ There’s also plenty of room to have some more subtle fun with the trend too. Dayna recommends picking one statement element and ‘running with it’. ‘For those not ready to commit to full-on ‘80s styles,’ she adds, ‘give a modern dress a retro feel with a cathedral-length veil – demand for which has jumped 65% in searches on Etsy – or add volume with a detachable sleeve wedding dress – up 54% in searches on Etsy. ‘These small, yet impactful, details will add a touch of ‘80s glitz to a wedding look, while maintaining a fresh, modern feel.’ And if you want to experiment with 80s glam elsewhere, the cake and decor can offer great opportunities to have fun with frills. ‘From multi-tiered cakes, to colourful streamers and larger-than-life flower arrangements,’ Dayna says, ‘no 80s wedding would be complete without making a major decor statement.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : From bare midriffs to black sequins, these are the trends we love from the Golden Globes red carpet MORE : The best red bridesmaid dresses to buy for 2023 weddings MORE : The future of fashion: Experts predict sci-fi looks will be big in 2023