A major incident was declared this morning after a bus overturned en route to a nuclear power station in Somerset. It came after drivers were warned ‘only to travel if necessary’ today. The crash, which took place at 6am, involved a double decker bus and a motorbike. Passengers on the double decker bus included 70 workers from Hinkley Point C nuclear power station. Twenty-six people were treated at the emergency department at Musgrave Park Hospital following the crash. A further 27 patients were taken to the minor injuries unit in Bridgwater, and a further three were taken to Southmead Hospital, Bristol. Inspector Rebecca Wells-Cole, of Avon and Somerset Police, said: ‘This morning at 6am, Tuesday the 17th of January, we were called to the A39 Quantock Road in Bridgewater following a report of a road-related incident involving a double-decker bus and a motorcyclist. ‘The incident was initially declared as a major incident due to the number of people involved and the resources required. The road will likely remain close for hours to come as efforts are made to recover the bus and to clear the debris from the road. NHS Somerset said medical staff came in during day offs to assist with the major incident. A spokesperson added: ‘We would like to thank all our colleagues, (including those who came in on their day off) as well as the emergency services who have been involved and supporting today and we wish all patients involved a speedy recovery.’ This morning , Avon and Somerset Police had said a ‘significant number of police, fire and ambulance units are on the scene’. Dave Gliddon, Vice Chairman of Wembdon Parish Council had told Metro.co.uk: ‘We understand the bus crashed near the Sandford Roundabout. ‘There was water running off the field nearby because of the bad weather and whether that was a factor we don’t know. ‘Much of the traffic is being diverted through the village and there has been a fleet of ambulances and police and the air ambulance all coming through the village this morning. ‘Hinkley Point C operates double decker buses around the town, and I’ve been told that it was workers that were onboard. ‘There are thousands of workers at the power station, and the buses run on a regular basis, they are a regular sight just carrying workers. ‘We’re thinking about the people involved in the crash and hoping that none of them are seriously injured. ‘A lot of them live in the village and we have a very close-knit community here and we just really wish them all well, and all of the emergency services too. ‘I really hope everyone is okay.’ Bridgwater MP Ian Liddell-Grainger has been in touch with EDF, who run the power station. He told the Bridgwater Mercury: ‘It’s a tragic event. We must all feel for the families of the injured. ‘Everything that can be done is being done.’ In a tweet, Avon and Someset Police added: ‘The A39 Quantock Road, in Bridgwater, has been closed due to an overturned double-decker bus. ‘Officers were called at around 6am today (Tuesday 17 January) following the road-related incident. Emergency services are at the scene.’ Police in the region received more the 100 reports of road-related incidents in a matter of hours last night, with most caused by ‘treacherous driving conditions’. Some 53 crashes were reported between 6pm and 11pm. Seven resulted in injuries but they are not thought to be serious. A further 67 calls were received for other road-related incidents. On Monday, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) issued a level three cold alert in response to ‘severe winter weather’. The Met Office has said all of England will continue to experience cold weather until 9am on Friday. Forecasters issued a yellow warning for ice across southern England which is in place until 10am on Tuesday morning, with ice likely to cause difficult driving conditions. A separate yellow warning for snow and ice is also in place in Cornwall and Devon until 10am. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.