Tammy Slaton has vowed to not let her body ‘defeat her’ after her fatal health scare. The 1000Lb Sisters star was rushed to hospital last year, in the season three finale, after she stopped breathing at a weight loss facility – leaving her family fearing for her life. Her loved ones were told her body started ‘shutting down’, with doctors suggesting that they should start preparing for the worst. Thankfully, she woke up and was able to recover enough to return to the rehab center, with the upcoming fourth series set to focus on her recuperation – and her surprise wedding to Caleb Willingham. Speaking in a new interview, the 36-year-old revealed that she has learned a lot and changed since those tough scenes were filmed. ‘My near-death experience has taught me not to take life for granted,’ she told People Magazine. ‘I now live my life how I want to and not how others want me to. ‘It has also mellowed me out. I try harder to not get mad as easily and try to figure out a way around the situation. ‘I’m grabbing the bull by the horns and taking control of my life again and not letting my body defeat me.’ ‘I told y’all that this wasn’t the end of me,’ she added. ‘The new and improved Tammy is on the way.’ Tammy has a lot to celebrate at the moment, as season four of 1000Lb Sisters is premiering on TLC later this month. Her recovery will be a huge part of the upcoming episodes, as well as her whirlwind romance with Caleb – who she married at the rehab center in November. ‘You all knew me as Tammy Slaton, but now you’ll all know me as Mrs Tammy Willingham,’ she revealed in a brief TikTok video from their nuptials. ‘I’m married now! ‘Stay tuned for season four of 1000lb Sisters.’ We definitely will be. 1000Lb Sisters will return on January 17 on TLC. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Miley Cyrus fans declare ‘queen is back’ after singer announces new album and release date MORE : Love Island eyeing up ‘model and fashion influencer’ – with bosses hailing her ‘the perfect islander’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 