Kelsey Parker, the widow of Tom Parker, has reflected on The Wanted star’s food habits, revealing he would tuck into the same meal every day without fail. The 32-year-old, who shares children Aurelia, three, and Bodhi, two, with the late singer, reminisced about Parker’s daily routine, saying he was a man of habit when it to lunch. Parker died in March last year at the age of 33, one and a half years after being diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour. In an Instagram Story posted on Wednesday, the documentary presenter gave her followers an update on her home renovations, having enlisted the help of her older brother to carry out the work. As she showed off her newly stripped walls, conversation turned to Parker, who the mum-of-two and her brother said kept to one classic staple for his midday meal. She said: ‘[Tom] used to always have the exact same lunch every day. Tom would have jacket [potato], cheese and beans, or beans on toast with cheese. ‘He’d actually be so offended if you were going to eat anything else at lunchtime that wasn’t lunch appropriate.’ ‘Tom would be so set that you had to have breakfast, lunch and dinner and there was like set food that you could eat at these times. It’s just reminiscing and talking about him, you just miss him so much.’ Kelsey also spoke more about her home transformation, saying she and Parker had ‘always had the intention’ of carrying out work on it. She explained: ‘It’s actually been quite a difficult thing to do because obviously what’s really hard is making decisions without him. When you’re in a relationship, I was always guided by what Tom would have to say about things. ‘I probably would ultimately have made the decision but you’ve always got your partner to lean on. But what’s quite cute is I have all the messages from Tom about what he wanted to do with the hall.’ Kelsey has previously opened up on the ‘guilt’ she feels over Parker’s death, despite knowing she did everything she could for the late singer. In the final episode of ITVBe documentary Kelsey Parker: Life After Tom, she said, while fighting back tears: ‘There’s still this guilt element, which I don’t think will go away overnight. ‘It will take years and years to get over, the guilt that I wasn’t able to save him. But I know deep down in my heart that I did everything I could.’ Asked what she hoped for in the future in the series, Kelsey noted she just wanted to be happy, but added she needs to find herself after dedicating two years to nursing her husband following his diagnosis. According to Kelsey, she feels like she’s on a ‘massive journey to find out who I am, who is this person without Tom?’ Adding afterwards that the future was hard for her to envision, she explained: ‘Right now I want to get rid of the pain and feel happiness, but I know happiness is something I might not get now. This is hard, this thing that I’m living with is never ending, it’s a never ending grief. Grief is just a strange, strange thing.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 