EastEnders has confirmed that Ricky Mitchell (Frankie Day) is the father of Lily Slater’s (Lillia Turner) baby. 12-year-old Lily, who discovered that she was pregnant earlier this week, confided in mum Stacey (Lacey Turner), revealing that she and Ricky slept together just once, reiterating that they are ‘not together’. Stacey had been on a mission to find out who the father is ever since she was informed by doctors that her daughter is pregnant. Because of Lily’s age, authorities were informed of her pregnancy, and she was interviewed by detectives. Wednesday’s (January 4) edition of the BBC One soap saw Lily return home from the hospital, while Stacey investigated further, determined to find out as much information as she could about who her daughter had been speaking to and hanging out with in recent months. Amy Mitchell (Ellie Dadd) confirmed that Lily had been spending break times at school on her own, which left Stacey concerned and thus she attempted to gain access to Lily’s emails – to no avail. After a walk to clear her head, Stacey spotted Lily staring out the window of Harvey Monroe’s (Ross Boatman) flat – where they have been staying due to the carbon monoxide situation at No.31. Nuggett (Juhaim Rasul Choudhury) was playing football in the Square, which left Stacey wondering if he could perhaps be the dad, but upon further inspection, the concerned mum realised her daughter was actually waving to Ricky, who waved back. Subsequent scenes saw Stacey confront Lily with her suspicions, hoping for some answers, and with some encouragement from Jean, Lily ultimately revealed the truth, confirming that Ricky is the dad. Fans had come to believe that this was the case, with several previously voicing their suspicions on social media. EastEnders continues Thursday January 5 at 7:30pm on BBC One. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : EastEnders New Year preview: Linda’s huge new story, pregnant Lily’s trauma, Zack’s horror MORE : Jacqueline Jossa clarifies if she is returning to EastEnders as Lauren Branning full-time