The Masked Singer UK viewers are convinced Mel Giedroyc is behind Otter’s mask after picking up on several clues relating to the presenter. Adorable Otter’s identity has stumped the panel, with Davina McCall, Rita Ora, Jonathan Ross, and Mo Gilligan throwing all kinds of names into the mix. From Catherine Tate to Fiona Shaw, the judges had some strong theories of their own, but it was Jonathan who first picked up on a possible reference to former Great British Bake Off host Mel. In their latest VT package, loveable Otter was seen eating a portion of chips, which Jonathan noted was a ‘light lunch.’ He then suggested the celebrity behind Otter’s mask could be one of the former hosts of Light Lunch, a Channel 4 lunch-time comedy chatshow broadcast on weekdays between 1997 and 1998. The show also starred Sue Perkins who, of course, hosted Bake Off alongside Mel ahead of its move away from the BBC. But that wasn’t the only clue that led viewers own the Mel route, as Otter also said at the end of their performance that they had once been ‘butter-fingered around chocolate.’ Unpacking the Bake Off subtext, Twitter users reckon is could’ve been referring to the time Mel ate a contestant’s chocolate in the competition. ‘Mel once ate someone’s chocolate by mistake in GBBO so Jonathan may be right,’ one person tweeted. ‘I agree Mel Giedroyc she broke someone’s cake in Bake Off’, tweeted another. A third wrote: ‘I think Jonathan is right about Mel as the otter, especially after the slapstick humour’. Others suggested references to The Rocky Horror Show in Otter’s clue package could also be a nod to Mel’s identity, given that she narrated the 40th anniversary production. ‘Otter is Mel 100%’, one viewer declared. ‘Omg I am now DESPERATE for Otter to be Mel Giedroyc!!!’, wrote one. Of course, she wouldn’t be the first former Bake Off presenter to partake in the whacky singing show, given that Sue blew everyone away with her vocals as Dragon a couple of years ago. However, Mel’s identity isn’t a given, as fans have also previously suggested the one and only Kate Bush could be inside the costume. Otter’s unique vocals certainly wouldn’t rule out the Running Up That Hill hitmaker, with plenty also noting how wild it would be for Kate to have not shown herself in public for years, but to then unmask herself as the fury creature. But, who do you think is behind the mask? The Masked Singer airs Saturdays on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Masked Singer UK star Knitting has heaviest costume with a hefty weight – and you won’t believe how much wool was used MORE : Masked Singer UK costume designer anticipated ‘Twitter storm’ over Chris Kamara’s ‘basic’ Ghost look  