Mike Tindall was in a playful mood as he donned part of wife Zara’s outfit while enjoying another weekend at the polo Down Under. The Royal couple have kicked off their New Year spending time in Australia where they’ve attended various sporting events in recent weeks. On Saturday, the couple headed down to Magic Millions where they were snapped looking particularly loved-up, sharing passionate kisses and larking around with other guests. Mike, 44, shared his own photos on Instagram and entertained his followers by modelling Zara’s fascinator. The I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here star struck a series of poses and pouted as he donned his wife’s pastel green accessory. ‘Just for all the fascinator fans out there 😂 @magicmillions @magicmillionspolo,’ he cheekily captioned the snap. His former I’m A Celeb campmate and Coronation Street actress Sue Cleaver jokingly responded: ‘Give it back Michael.’ It came just hours after Mike released a teaser for his new YouTube series, Mike Drop, which will see the former rugby player sit down with other sporting figures to interview them about their love of horses. There’s one special guest in particular as Mike is seen chatting to wife Zara, 41, who herself is an Olympic equestrian and patron of Magic Millions Racing Women, which is producing the series. ‘Hello my love,’ a smiling Mike tells Zara who echoes his sentiment. ‘How much have Katie and Gerry done for horseracing?’ he then asks, to which Zara explains: ‘The people they bring together, the different sports they’re involved in, and all disciplines are reaping the benefit of their passion, their support and their love for horses. ‘It really is a showcase for the world. Work hard and play hard – but that’s what Australia is about isn’t it?’ Mike and Zara, who share three children, might find it hard to tear themselves away from Australia and return home to the UK, as they appear to have made some new friends while Down Under, after being spotted hanging out with Marvel actor Chris Hemsworth and his actress wife Elsa Pataky at the polo earlier this month. Of course, Australia has become a second home for Mike as it’s where he first met Zara and recently competed on I’m A Celeb in the jungle. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 