A woman who was killed in a dog attack has been named as Natasha Johnston. The 28-year-old is thought to have been walking a number of dogs when she was set upon at Gravelly Hill, Caterham. Eight dogs, including one that ‘previously appeared on a BBC show’, were held by police following the tragedy. It has been confirmed none are banned breeds. No one will be prosecuted over the incident, police said last week. Ms Johnston’s name has been released today by Surrey Coroner’s Court ahead of an inquest tomorrow. Paramedics rushed to the horrifying incident in Surrey on January 12, but were unable to save the victim. Another woman has been discharged from hospital after being treated for bites. The victim’s family spoke of their grief following the ‘sudden loss’. ‘This is an extremely difficult time for us and as well as dealing with this sudden loss in our family, the significant level of media interest and the graphic nature of some of the reporting, has been a source of additional distress’, a statement said. ‘We continue to appeal for our privacy to be respected during our time of grief.’ An eyewitness, 60, who saw the attack while riding a horse, said the blonde victim saw her coming and shouted a warning: ‘turn back, turn back!’ At least four medium-sized dogs were targeting her, they claimed. The criminal investigation has concluded and information gathered has been passed to the Surrey Coroner to assist in the coronial process. In a previous update, detectives said that both a forensic pathologist and a veterinary pathologist have been drafted in to determine what happened. Detective Inspector Josephine Horner, of Surrey Police, said: ‘This is a tragic incident in which a young woman lost her life. ‘I know it has caused real concern locally and I thank the community for bearing with us whilst we conducted our inquiries. ‘The criminal investigation has now concluded and the information we have gathered will be passed to the Surrey Coroner to assist in the coronial process. ‘The dogs continue to be cared for at private kennels to ensure their welfare and their owners are being kept informed. ‘We appreciate this is a difficult and uncertain process for them as the forensic work continues.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.