A hospital in Florida went into lockdown after a woman shot and killed her husband in what authorities are calling a planned murder-suicide. Hospital staff at AdventHealth in Daytona Beach were given shelter-in-place orders after shots were fired in the building shortly before 11.30am on Saturday. Daytona Beach Police officers quickly arrived at the hospital to find an armed 76-year-old woman, who barricaded herself in a hospital room on the 11th floor. The shooter was identified as Ellen Gilland of New Smyrna, Florida. She shot and killed her husband, Jerry Gilland, who was terminally ill. Police say she planned the shooting with her husband weeks in advance. ‘Apparently because he was terminally ill, they had a conversation about it, and they planned this approximately three weeks ago that if he continues to take a turn for the worst that he wanted her to end it,’ Daytona Beach Police Chief Jakari Young said. Young also said Gilland planned to turn the gun on herself, but couldn’t go through with it. Meanwhile, patients and staff were forced to lockdown for hours as police negotiated with Gilland. One doctor, cardiologist Joshua Horenstein, responded to a Tweet from the Daytona Beach Police Department reporting that he was still locked in a closet for over an hour. ‘After sheltering in a locked closet for an hour we made our way to the general emergency department after word spread the situation was at least contained,’ Horenstein said on Twitter. After about 4 hours of negotiations, police were eventually able to subdue her and safely enter the room by using a flash-bang grenade and a stun gun. ‘She’s very sad, it’s a tough situation,’ Young said, expressing sympathy for the woman. ‘She was already in a depressed state just based on her husband being terminally ill and knowing that the end was near.’ Gilland was arrested and charged with first-degree premeditated murder, as well as three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, according to court documents. Gilland was detained in Volusia County Jail, where she is being held without bond. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.