A passenger unknowingly broadcast the final moments of a plane crash which killed at least 68 people in Nepal. The ATR 72 Yeti Airlines flight crashed with 72 people on board when it descended into the newly opened airport in Pokhara. The footage, taken by Sonu Jaiswal, shows passengers smiling as the plane flies over houses. The camera suddenly shakes, passengers are heard shouting and then the screen goes black. It appeared to show the aircraft suddenly tilting and diving towards the ground as it made its landing approach to the airport. Afterwards firefighters carried bodies, some burned beyond recognition, to hospitals where relatives had assembled. Some family members also appeared at Kathmandu Airport where they exchanged words with officials. The prime minister of Nepal, Pushpa Kamal Dahal, rushed to Kathmandu Airport after the crash and set up a panel to investigate what happened. The Times of India spoke to Mr Jaiswal’s cousin, who confirmed the 29-year-old was onboard the plane. The publication reports one of his friends, shouted ‘it’s real fun’ moments before the crash. Mr Jaiswal’s cousin, Rajat Jaiswal, said: ‘Sonu was on Facebook live after boarding the flight for Pokhara. The live-streaming showed that Sonu and his companions were in a happy mood but all of a sudden flames appeared before the streaming stopped.’ An eyewitness said he saw the plane spinning violently in the air after it began descending to land, watching from the terrace of his house. Nepal’s Civil Aviation Authority said it is not known what caused the disaster yet. The aircraft last made contact with the airport from near Seti Gorge at 10.50am local time. ‘Half of the plane is on the hillside,’ said Arun Tamu, a local resident, who told Reuters he reached the site minutes after the plane went down. ‘The other half has fallen into the gorge of the Seti river.’ Khum Bahadur Chhetri watched from the roof of his house as the flight approached. ‘I saw the plane trembling, moving left and right, and then suddenly its nose dived and it went into the gorge,’ Chhetri told Reuters, adding local residents took two passengers to a hospital. The plane was 15 years old, according to flight tracking website FlightRadar24. Four people are still missing after the crash but are unlikely to have survived. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 