The estate and family of the late Whitney Houston are reportedly upset by a joke made at the Golden Globes about her death. Acclaimed singer and actress Houston died in 2012 at the age of 48, devastating her family and millions of fans around the world. The beloved superstar died at the Beverly Hilton hotel in California in February 2012 after accidentally overdosing, having struggled with addiction issues. Almost 11 years after Houston’s death, this week the Golden Globe Awards were held at the same hotel in which she had died, with host Jerrod Caarmichael referencing the fact in a joke. Addressing the audiences watching in the building and on TV, the comedian joked: ‘Here we are, live from the hotel that killed Whitney Houston, the Beverly Hilton.’ There were some gasps from the audience as Carmichael made the quip, but the show moved forward as normal. Now however, the sole executor of the Whitney Houston estate, her sister and former manager Pat Houston, says they are ‘disappointed’ by the joke. They told TMZ through a representative: ‘The Whitney Houston Estate is disappointed in the joke, and felt it was in poor taste.’ Last year marked a decade since the untimely death of the Bodyguard actress, with her name just as famous as ever thanks to her incredible legacy. A biopic on the star, I Wanna Dance With Somebody, is currently in cinemas and proving popular with both fans and critics. British actress Naomi Ackie (The End of the F***ing World) takes on the singer, who went from America’s sweetheart to tabloid scandal and back across her career. In 2020, Hoston was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame posthumously, almost a decade after her death. Sister-in-law and manager Pat paid tribute to her at the time, saying it was something Houston had ‘always wanted.’ ‘I remember in 2009, we were in London. Whitney looked at me and she said, “This is really special, but there’s only one thing missing: I’ve got to get the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame,”‘ Pat said. ‘This moment right now proves it all, there’s only one matchless Whitney Houston, and tonight, she would be very proud and honoured to receive this award.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to the Golden Globes and reps for Jerrod Carmichael for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Triumph and tears overcome a toxic history for the Golden Globes MORE : I Wanna Dance With Somebody review: Naomi Ackie sensational as Whitney Houston in dignified retelling of icon’s career  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 