Amanda Holden has put her foot down about her daughters ever signing up for Love Island. The Britain’s Got Talent judge, 51, shares daughters Lexi, 17, and Hollie, 11, with husband record producer Chris Hughes. Presenting her Heart Breakfast with Jamie Theakston and guest Ashley Roberts, the conversation soon turned towards the juggernaut reality series, presented by Maya Jama, 28. The former Pussycat Doll asked the Celebrity Juice panellist if she would ever let her kids jet off to the villa, to which she responded: ‘No!’ Ashley, 41, compared her reaction to Gordon Ramsay’s, who said he was petrified to even watch the ITV series in case one of his three daughters was in the villa. Amanda continued: ‘It’s just another way of being famous, isn’t it really? It’s not really about love. It’s just about looking hot and just getting involved… ‘But I mean, it’s just amazing telly but it’s not really for love so I don’t want my daughter anywhere near [it].’ However, the singer pointed out ‘every now and then it works’ using former Islanders Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury, who have just welcomed their first child, as an example. Amanda replied: ‘I mean that’s a one-off that’s a fabulous story.’ The actress has previously admitted she had banned Lexi from signing up to the show after seeing Michael Owen’s daughter Gemma compete in the villa. In a discussion about last year’s edition on Heart, which was won by Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti, she said: ‘This is becoming a bit of an obsession with my teenage daughter at home now. ‘She’s never taken one scrap of interest in Love Island and now is all over it, which worries me slightly bearing in mind Michael Owen’s daughter is on it. And I’m like “You ain’t ever going on it, Alexa!”’ Jamie then quipped: ‘Imagine if she did, she’d be perfect for the show.’ Amanda shut it down quickly, retorting: ‘I can imagine it and she’s not! Mama said no! She loves me too much, she won’t do it.’ Heart Breakfast with Jamie Theakston and Amanda Holden broadcasts weekdays from 6:30am – 10am across the UK and on Global Player. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden tells Britain’s Got Talent fans to ‘watch this space’ as she throws support behind Alan Carr to replace David Walliams on panel MORE : Amanda Holden ends holiday with on-brand bikini snap and luxury villa tour while confirming Heart return 