A couple with ‘devastating’ money problems shot themselves in the grounds of their rented mansion in South Oxfordshire, an inquest has heard. John and Angela Richardson had been working on creating ‘The Space Flight Academy Ltd’, an ambitious space tourism company. The project surrounded providing aeromedical research and space flight simulations. Space Flight Academy was Angela’s dream and she had put all her efforts into making it a reality. But the elderly couple had soon got themselves into ‘irredeemable debt’ starting their business, the inquest into their deaths found. Money problems and a failed investment led Angela, 64, to believe she had reached ‘the end of the road’. The couple killed their dog then shot themselves in the grounds of their £4,500-a-month rented home. They were found in the 100-acre woodland behind the property, the inquest was told. While Angela was the brains behind the company, her family said her husband and business partner, 74-year-old John, had been her support emotionally and financially. Since launching the business in 2011, they had tried in vain to get investors on board to raise the £35 million needed to get Space Flight Academy Ltd operational. The couple received interest from various companies, including the King of Bahrain and the RAF, but hadn’t managed to get the company off the ground. In June 2022, Angela was in last-ditch talks with an Austrian company who promised to invest £70,000. However, in the final days before her death, the investors pulled out. The coroner was told that Angela was left ‘distraught, desperate and upset’ and in an email to her brother wrote that she had ‘no plans, no future and no energy to keep going. We have come to the end of our road’. Speaking at the inquest in Oxford, Detective Sergeant Richard Earl, from the Thames Valley Police Major Crime Unit, said: ‘They had put all of their eggs into one basket for the £70,000 loan and when that fell through it was devastating.’ He added that, even with the £70,000 investment, Angela and John, would have still been a ‘long way off’ from building the business. The coroner was told that couple had been so committed to their plan that they even sold their own home for extra cash and withdrew part of their pensions. It was explained that John had once told his family he would rather ‘commit suicide than living in social housing’. The inquest later heard that in May 2022 that the Richardsons approached an estate agent about living at the rented farm house in Goring Heath, South Oxfordshire, offering to pay a year’s rent of around £50,000 upfront, in lieu of a bad credit rating. However, they never paid the money and were later served an eviction notice giving them until 10am on June 8 to pay or leave the property. When the landlord arrived at the farmhouse on that morning and met the bailiff, they found a note on the property that said: ‘We are in the woods, sorry it has come to this, call the police.’ The couple and their dog were found in the woodland. Handwritten and typed suicide notes were signed by both of them – matching up to the same handwriting found on cards and letters they had sent in earlier years. Speaking to the family, coroner Nicholas Graham ruled a verdict of suicide, saying: ‘I am confident [John] and Angela had demonstrated full intention to end their lives with notes, computer searches and the loss and ending of their business venture, all which would have amounted to a big change in their lives.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.