A public memorial for Lisa Marie Presley will be held on Sunday at her father Elvis Presley’s Graceland mansion in Memphis, Tennessee, her family has confirmed. Presley died on January 12 at the age of 54 hours shortly after suffering a ‘cardiac arrest’. Her death came just hours after her mother Priscilla Presley had confirmed that her daughter had been rushed to hospital. A service for the late star will take place on January 22 at 9am on the front lawn of the famous estate, a statement on the Graceland website confirmed. ‘Riley, Harper, Finley, and Priscilla Presley are grateful for the support, well-wishes, and outpouring of love honouring their beloved Lisa Marie,’ read a statement. ‘A public memorial service for Lisa Marie Presley has been arranged for Sunday, January 22 at 9:00 am on the front lawn at Graceland Mansion in Memphis, Tennessee.’ Members of the public are invited to attend the event but are being encouraged to donate to The Elvis Presley Charitable Foundation in lieu of flowers. The foundation offers support to various charitable organisations, especially focusing on arts, education, and children’s programmes in the Memphis/Whitehaven area. Elvis and other members of the Presley family are also buried at Graceland, and it was previously announced that the late model would be buried next to her son, Benjamin Keough, who died in 2020. Presley was just nine when her father, rock star Elvis, died following a cardiac arrest aged 42. Upon the King of Rock’s death, she became the joint heir to his estate, with her grandfather, Vernon Presley, and her great-grandmother, Minnie Mae Hood Presley. In 1993, when she turned 25, she took full control of the estate and formed The Elvis Presley Trust, to continue its successful management. Last year, Presley penned an emotional essay about ‘the horrific reality’ of her grief following her son’s death by suicide. ‘I’ve dealt with death, grief and loss since the age of nine years old,’ she wrote for  People in August. ‘I’ve had more than anyone’s fair share of it in my lifetime and somehow, I’ve made it this far.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 