Jorginho admits he was ‘surprised’ at Arsenal’s transfer interest after his £12m move from Chelsea was confirmed on deadline day. Italy midfielder Jorginho became Mikel Arteta’s third signing of the January window as he made the short trip from Stamford Bridge to the Emirates. Jorginho, who made more than 200 appearances for Chelsea during his five-year spell in west London, was coming to the end of his Blues contract. As a result, Chelsea were willing to sell the 31-year-old and sanctioned his move to London rivals Arsenal shortly before the transfer deadline. Jorginho says the chance to work with Arteta was a big factor in his decision to join Arsenal and admits he was ‘surprised’ when the Gunners approached his team to discuss a January move. ‘He was a big influence because I know that he tried a few times to get me before and it didn’t happen due to other reasons, not because of my wishes,’ new Arsenal signing Jorginho said of Arteta. ‘So of course, he had a big influence. I’m very excited for this new challenge, and I just can’t wait to be on the pitch to be honest! ‘Everything has happened so fast. I was a bit surprised, but I took the opportunity of this amazing challenge. ‘It’s an important shirt. It’s an amazing club, a big one, and I’m really excited and happy to be here.’ While Jorginho’s reputation at Chelsea was on the decline, he helped the Blues win the Champions League and Europa League after arriving from Napoli in 2018. He joins an Arsenal team who boast a five-point lead at the top of the Premier League and says facing Arteta’s side earlier in the season was ‘tough’. ‘It was tough, it was a hard time! Even in pre-season we had a friendly match, and I could feel and see that Arsenal would do very well this season,’ he said. ‘So, when we faced each other again at Stamford Bridge, it wasn’t a surprise for me at all.’ Asked what he will bring to Arsenal, Jorginho added: ‘I’ll try to just bring positive energy, hard work and my experience to help the team. It’s what I always bring with me. ‘I try just to help with the experience I’ve had in my time with the other clubs and anything I can do just to help the team to achieve more and more, that’s my target. ‘All I can promise is that I’m going to give my all to represent this club.’ Jorginho could make his Arsenal debut on Saturday when the Gunners travel to Goodison Park to face Everton, who recently appointed Sean Dyche as their new manager. MORE : Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta explains decision to sign Jorginho from Chelsea MORE : Arsenal miss out on deadline day move for Real Valladolid star Ivan Fresneda For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 