Antonio Conte says it was ‘crazy’ for anyone to ever suggest that Tottenham could win the Premier League title this season. Tottenham lost 2-0 at home to Aston Villa on New Year’s Day, courtesy of goals from Emi Buendia and Douglas Luiz, putting in perhaps their worst performance of the season. The result has dropped Spurs out of the top four, with Manchester United now ahead of them by two points with a game in hand, and left Conte’s side 13 points off league leaders and arch-rivals Arsenal. While they are now firmly out of the title race, some are wondering whether Tottenham can even finish in the Champions League places. After their best start to a Premier League season, it’s a disastrous decline for a team that was tipped to go all the way given their impressive summer signings and hiring of world-class manager Conte. But in his post match press conference, the Italian has told fans to manage expectations and has claimed that his side should never have been expected to challenge for the title. He said: ‘I remember very well in the summer, at the start, people talked about Tottenham as title contenders but in my experience it was a bit crazy to read this. ‘To become a title contender, to become a team ready to fight to win something you need to have a solid foundation. That means to have 14 or 15 strong players, quality and the other young players to develop. ‘And every season you can add two players but two players to invest £50m, £60m, £70m and in this way it means you are signing important players that improve quality and the level of your team but this is a process guys. ‘People think you arrive and you win. This can happen for a team that are used to winning in the past. But if you are not used to it it means you have to create this situation and for this reason you need time and patience. ‘I understand that the fans are disappointed because they can say, “But we’ve been patient for a long time”, I understand it but the situation is this. If you want the truth I can tell you the truth. ‘I know what is the reality because I am the coach. I live the club every day. I know the vision of the club. The club knows very well what are my thoughts on the situation.’ Tottenham will hope to get back on track in their next game at Crystal Palace on Wednesday, before their FA Cup campaign begins on Saturday against Portsmouth. ‘I continue to work and to improve and to help you to improve the club, to create a solid foundation and then to develop,’ Conte added. ‘At the start of the season I was very, very clear with the club. I said, “Ok we can be competitive to win but try to continue to improve but in the way that we can do it”, because also you have to know that there are clubs who can invest £200m or £300m and others with different policies and I repeat you have to respect the policy. ‘The policy has to be very clear with all people otherwise we created a situation that’s not positive for the environment to create expectations that are not realistic, honestly.’ MORE : ‘He’s past his sell-by date!’ – Graeme Souness slams Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris after Aston Villa defeat MORE : Paul Merson accuses Liverpool of signing Cody Gakpo just to spite Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 