Shakhtar Donetsk have left Arsenal fans on tenterhooks by teasing an imminent announcement amid reports Mykhailo Mudryk is on the verge of completing his move to the Gunners. The Premier League leaders have made significant progress in negotiations with the Ukrainian club over the last 48 hours and are hopeful of wrapping up a deal in time for the 22-year-old to make his debut against Manchester United next week. According to Sports Arena, Arsenal’s sporting director, Edu, is set to fly to Poland to iron out the few remaining details of a deal that could eventually be worth up to £80million. Fabrizio Romano reports that Arsenal will discuss the structure of the proposed add-ons following the north London club’s third offer which was submitted earlier this week. Confirming an impending announcement, Shakhtar wrote on their English language account: ‘We prepared some news for you today.’ Mudryk’s social media activity in recent weeks has hinted at his desperation to complete a move to Arsenal where he would link-up with his Ukraine international teammate Oleksandr Zinchenko. Mikel Arteta was asked ahead of Sunday’s derby against Tottenham whether or not he had kept up to date with Mudryk’s Instagram posts and wore a telling smile before he delivered a non-committal answer.  He said: ‘What I would say is how good I am with the phone. ‘You know we cannot talk about any other players. There is some interest on some things that we would like to do to improve the team because we are a bit short in certain areas and with injuries that we picked up. ‘But we are trying as a club we are determined to try and improve the team in every window and that’ what we are trying to do.’ Arsenal face an acid test of their title credentials on Sunday when they travel across north London to face Spurs having failed to win at the home of their fiercest rivals since 2014. It’s an emotional fixture, very passionate. Incredible feeling when on the pitch. You can feel the tension, the atmosphere around it. ‘I don’t know what to expect. They approach games differently. Sometimes aggressive from beginning. ‘Sometimes allow you to make the game. They have a lot of tools to cause problems. We will prepare in the best possible way and then will be left to players to do what they have to do.’ MORE : Ian Wright reveals how he and fellow Arsenal legend Patrick Vieira reacted to Joao Felix’s nightmare Chelsea debut MORE : Arsenal on verge of £80m Mykhailo Mudryk transfer with incoming signing in line to make debut against Man Utd For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 