Prince Harry said he and his brother Prince William do not text and that he has not spoken to him or his father King Charles III for ‘a while’. The Duke of Sussex revealed he barely communicates with them in a 60 Minutes interview aired late Sunday in the US, ahead of the release of his memoir Spare. CBS News correspondent Anderson Cooper asked Harry if he speaks to William and ‘do you text?’ ‘Currently, no,’ said Harry. ‘But I look forward to – I look forward to us being able to find peace.’ Asked how long it has been since he spoke with William, Harry replied: ‘A while.’ ‘Do you speak to your dad?’ Cooper asked. Harry said: ‘We aren’t – we haven’t spoken for quite a while. No, not recently.’ Cooper also asked Harry if he can see a day when he returns as a full-time member of the royal family. ‘No. I can’t see that happening,’ Harry said. Harry and his wife Meghan in early 2020 said they would ‘step back as “senior” members’ of the royal family and would split their time between the UK and North America. In February 2021, Buckingham Palace announced that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed they would not be returning as working members of the royal family. Harry in Spare said there was ‘full-scale rupture’. Cooper asked if it could be healed. ‘Yes. The ball is very much in their court, but, you know, Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologize for anything that we did wrong, but every time we ask that question, no one’s telling us the specifics or anything,’ Harry said. ‘There needs to be a constructive conversation, one that can happen in private that doesn’t get leaked.’ Harry admitted that he does desire to mend the relationship with his brother and father. ‘At the heart of it, there is a family, without question. And I really look forward to having that family element back,’ Harry said. ‘I look forward to having a relationship with my brother. I look forward to having a relationship with my father and other members of my family.’ Cooper asked: ‘You want that?’ Harry concluded: ‘That’s all I’ve ever asked for.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.