David Crosby, the musician who co-founded groups The Byrds and Crosby, Stills & Nash, has died at the age of 81. The news was confirmed by his wife Jan Dance, who he’d been married to since 1987. ‘It is with great sadness after a long illness, that our beloved David (Croz) Crosby has passed away,’ she said of her late husband. ‘He was lovingly surrounded by his wife and soulmate Jan and son Django.’ The statement sent to Variety continued: ‘Although he is no longer here with us, his humanity and kind soul will continue to guide and inspire us. His legacy will continue to live on through his legendary music. ‘Peace, love, and harmony to all who knew David and those he touched. We will miss him dearly. At this time, we respectfully and kindly ask for privacy as we grieve and try to deal with our profound loss. Thank you for the love and prayers.’ Born in Los Angeles, California on August 14 1941, Crosby co-founded rock band The Byrds in 1964, with the group achieving a number one hit the following year in the US and the UK with their cover of Bob Dylan’s Mr Tambourine Man. There was increasing tension in the band, with Crosby eventually parting ways with his bandmates in 1967. Shortly afterwards, he co-founded the folk rock supergroup Crosby, Stills & Nash (CSN), which also featured Stephen Stills, Graham Nash, and later Neil Young in the line-up, but again there was a frequent clash of egos between the musicians. Crosby, Stills & Nash were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, while Crosby was also inducted for his work with The Byrds. In addition to his work in the bands, Crosby released six solo albums. Tributes have poured in for the late singer-songwriter, with The 400 Unit musician Jason Isbell tweeting: ‘Grateful for the time we had with David Crosby. We’ll miss him a lot.’ ‘Thank you ⁦@thedavidcrosby I will miss you my friend,’ tweeted singer Melissa Etheridge, while musician Brian Ray added: ‘This is very sad. David had just announced a new band, with a tour to follow. Rest in peace, David Crosby.’ Crosby is survived by his wife and their son Django, as well as his son James Raymond and his two daughters, Erika and Donovan, who he had from previous relationships. The musician was also the biological father through artificial insemination of two children born to Julie Cypher, the former partner of Etheridge. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Screaming Trees bassist Van Conner dies aged 55 after ‘extended illness’ MORE : Elvis’s Graceland will be left to Lisa Marie’s three daughters following her sudden death aged 54  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 