There are plenty of astrological transits and events happening this February. Lining up your tasks, priorities and to-do list with the relevant cosmic energy influences is a short-cut to getting a quick and easy boost. Do the right thing on the right day and you might find it goes a little better than you thought. Here are the key dates for your diary – including Full Moons, planetary transits, and the start of Pisces season – and what they mean for you. The first pagan festival of the year, marking the beginning of the end of winter and a return to the warmth and activation phase of the year. Time to start researching your plans, ambitions and goals and planting the first seeds of manifestation. Make a St Brigid cross or doll, light some candles, gather with friends to toast the return of Spring (soon). Reflect on your projections, promotions, external self, behaviour around others and their interpretation of it. How are you coming across right now? Do you think you light up your corner of Earth, or something else? Time to showcase your best self – and it starts by remedying the ways that doesn’t always happen. Start to research, plan and organise the goals you dreamt up for New Year or the last New Moon. Make another push in structuring robust plans to help you achieve the goals you’ve set out. Do the work. Although February 14 was actual Valentine’s, those love vibes carry on over to the next day when both Neptune and Venus are in Pisces, making this a dreamy, magical, intimate and connecting time to cosy up with your loved one. Pisces, the fishes, ruled by Neptune, water element, mutable sign. A sign associated with imagination, creativity, compassion, romance, whimsy, kindness, understanding and psychic skills. Time to favour intuition over intellect. Time to feel your way through things. Time to turn inwards and seek psychic knowledge. Time to show love and nurturing care to those you value in life. Live life like a fantasy. New Moons are about action and activity, starting things off, initiating a new cycle, beginning on a journey. Pisces is an intuitive people person who relies on their emotions. Use this New Moon to deepen your bonds and knowledge of people you care about by having deep and meaningful conversations about your life journeys, your lessons, your hopes and fears. Build deeper connections. Venus moves into Aries bringing a surge of passion and va va voom to our love life – yes please! Get physical, get intimate, get close to your partner. Make Date Night in the bedroom, have a bed picnic and who knows where things could lead. Time to celebrate your physical chemistry and attraction. This is a great networking day. Communication skills are thrumming, the right people are in the right place at the right time. You can make a positive impact. Pitch, propose, apply, ask, demand, suggest, persuade. Use your power of communication to get what you want from people with influence. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 29 to February 4 MORE : Venus in Pisces urges you to be wise in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope