Graham Potter believes Chelsea fans should ‘be excited’ about their latest January recruit Noni Madueke. The England Under-21 international became the sixth player to join Chelsea this month after his £26million move from PSV Eindhoven was finalised on Friday night. After spending his formative years at Crystal Palace and Tottenham, Madueke continued his development in the Eredivisie where he scored 20 goals in 80 games for the Dutch club. The likes of Mykhailo Mudryk and Joao Felix have already provided Potter with a fresh array of attacking options but the Chelsea boss believes the club’s fanbase should expect big things from the left-footed winger. ‘Now I can speak about him because he’s a Chelsea player,’ said Potter following Saturday’s stalemate against Liverpool at Anfield. ‘He’s an exciting player and brings a left-footed attacking option for us and competition in that area of the pitch.  ‘He’s a young player that has had a good start in his career, accumulated games at a big club in Holland, and he’s ready to take the next step. ‘We need to help him make that step and adjust to life with us and the Premier League. He’s an exciting player and I think our supporters will like him.’ Mudryk, meanwhile, made an eye-catching debut as a second-half substitute against the Reds and Potter was thrilled with the Ukraine international’s contribution. He said: ‘He’s only been with us a couple of days and he’ll get better the more he is with us and the more we understand him and the more he understands us. But promising signs. He’s had two sessions with us but from watching him at Shakhtar, seeing his quality there, he is dangerous in one-vs-one situations, in the final third he can make things happen, he’ll get supporters of their seats. ‘Dribbling actions are really high and he knows where the goal is. Our job is to help him settle into the team, help him settle into the country and league, and gain an understanding of us and how we can help him.’ MORE : Steven Gerrard hails Mykhailo Mudryk as ‘the real deal’ after impressive Chelsea debut MORE : Michael Owen ‘feels sorry’ for new Liverpool signing Cody Gakpo after Chelsea draw: ‘Even Lionel Messi would struggle’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 