Damar Hamlin is ‘sedated and listed in critical condition’ after suffering a cardiac arrest during the NFL game between his Buffalo Bills side and Cincinnati Bengals on Monday. The 24-year-old collided with Tee Higgins of the Bengals during the first quarter of the game, and after initially getting to his feet, he then collapsed. Medical staff got to him in moments but he remained down on the pitch for nearly 10 minutes, before being transferred to an ambulance and hospital. Buffalo Bills confirmed his condition, stating: ‘Damar Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest following a hit in our game versus the Bengals. ‘His heartbeat was restored on the field and he was transferred to the UC Medical Center for further testing and treatment. He is currently sedated and listed in critical condition.’ The game was suspended after the incident, with an NFL statement reading: ‘Tonight’s Buffalo Bills-Cincinnati Bengals game has been postponed after Buffalo Bills’ Damar Hamlin collapsed, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced. ‘Hamlin received immediate medical attention on the field by team and independent medical staff and local paramedics. He was then transported to a local hospital where he is in critical condition. ‘Our thoughts are with Damar and the Buffalo Bills. We will provide more information as it becomes available. ‘The NFL has been in constant communication with the NFL Players Association which is in agreement with postponing the game.’ Jordon Rooney, Hamlin’s marketing representative, wrote on Twitter: ‘His vitals are back to normal and they have put him to sleep to put a breathing tube down his throat. They are currently running tests. We will provide updates as we have them.’ Higgins, the other man involved in the collision, tweeted: ‘My prayers and thoughts go out to @HamlinIsland, the Hamlin Family. I’m praying that you pull through bro. Love.’ MORE : NFL legend Tom Brady sends classy message to Kylian Mbappe after France’s World Cup final defeat MORE : NFL star recreates Wayne Rooney’s iconic Man Utd goal celebration For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 