Shamima Begum admitted she joined a terror group when she left London and travelled to Syria aged 15. Ms Begum, now 23, was one of three British schoolgirls who moved to Isis territory in 2015. When she was tracked down to a Syrian refugee camp in February 2019 – just a month before the final territory held by the group fell – her UK citizenship was revoked. Speaking to the BBC for a new 10-part podcast series telling her story, Ms Begum recalled her journey out of the country for the first time. The three girls were told to pack light, she said, but she found room for ‘about 30’ Aero chocolate bars in her suitcase. She said: ‘You can find a lot of things in this country but you cannot find mint chocolate.’ Within days of her arrival in Syria, Ms Begum married a 23-year-old Dutch jihadist and later gave birth to three children, all of whom died as infants. She told the BBC she understands the public now see her ‘as a danger, as a risk, as a potential risk to them, to their safety, to their way of living’. But she believes the anger aimed at her is actually towards Isis, saying: ‘When they think of Isis they think of me because I’ve been put on the media so much.’ She said she is ‘not a bad person’, adding: ‘I’m just so much more than Isis and I’m so much more than everything I’ve been through.’ Ms Begum is currently in a legal battle with the UK Government to get her citizenship restored. Her lawyers have argued the Home Office failed to spot she was a victim of child trafficking when it stripped her of the status. In a hearing last November, Samantha Knights KC said: ‘This case concerns a British child aged 15 who was persuaded, influenced and affected with her friends by a determined and effective Isis propaganda machine.’ However, lawyers for the government said she travelled to Isis-controlled Syria ‘with her eyes open’, and still posed a threat to national security. On the podcast, titled The Shamima Begum Story, the 23-year-old says: ‘I’ve always been a more secluded person. ‘That’s why it’s so hard the way my life has turned out being all over the media because I’m not a person that likes a lot of attention on me.’ When asked if she thought the large amount of media coverage was a result of joining Isis, she said: ‘But what was there to obsess over? ‘We went to Isis that was it, it was over, it was over and done with, what more is there to say? ‘Like, they just wanted to continue the story because it was a story, it was the big story.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.