A mum has confessed that she accidently married her cousin – and didn’t realise until she was pregnant with his baby. Marcella Hill, from Utah, USA, revealed that she was married to her third cousin – with the pair sharing the same great-great-grandparents. The discovery didn’t come to light until Marcella was pregnant, and the couple were looking at their family trees for inspiration to help them name their baby. Marcella said: ‘I was sitting on the couch looking for names for the baby that we were about to have and I was on [genealogy site] FamilySearch. ‘Husband’s next to me on his own family search and he’s like, ‘Oh that’s funny, we have the same grandma and grandpa’s names.’ Marcella assumed her husband was logged into her account, but when they took a closer look, things became clear. ‘We start looking at it and we realise, my grandpa is his grandma’s first cousin.’ Wanting to get the bottom of the confusion, the pair got in touch with their respective grandparents for more information. ‘We ask them if they know each other, sure enough, they sure do,’ says Marcella. ‘They lived together when they were growing up as children. We are third cousins.’ Marcella and her husband have the same great-great-grandparents. ‘When I go to my family reunion, he gets to go to his too,’ said Marcella. She even admits that they won a prize for being the closest related in a neighbourhood activity. Her followers were quick to ask how they hadn’t worked out they were related sooner. ‘How did you not realise this at the wedding?’ asked one. But Marcella explained that she had a small wedding. She said: ‘What wedding? We got married at a courthouse after work on a Wednesday.’ She added: ‘But still, let’s say we had the wedding, and my grandpa and his grandma were there, and we found out that we were third cousins at the wedding, what were supposed to do?’ Others pointed out that their family ties aren’t close enough to cause any issues, and are completely legal. ‘That’s far enough apart lol. Crazy coincidence though,’ one wrote. Another pointed out that Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip were also third cousins.Despite the revelation, Marcella and her husband are still happily married. ‘Oops’, she wrote in the caption of the video, which has been viewed over 900,000 times. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Like Jacinda Ardern, we quit our jobs because we didn’t have ‘enough in the tank’ MORE : Mum-of-two lives in a monochrome home and says colour is ‘confusing’