Britney Spears’ husband Sam Asghari has encouraged fans not to believe ‘everything you read’ after claims he stormed out of a restaurant during dinner with his wife over the weekend. It was reported by many outlets that the Toxic singer, 41, allegedly caused a scene at an establishment in Woodland Hills, California, after being papped by diners and becoming distressed. TMZ claims that Sam, 28, got ‘visibly upset, abruptly stood up and stormed out the door’. However, it appears that all might not be as it seems, as Sam later shared a statement on his Instagram story seeming to reference the reports. ‘Don’t believe everything you read online people,’ it read. Meanwhile, Britney posted a defiant video of herself dancing to I Touch Myself by Divinyls in a strapless white mini dress around the same time. In the clip, she does an array of moves, including flipping the bird to the camera and making heart signs with her hands. Britney didn’t caption her upload and she also turned the comments off to prevent any interaction from fans. Britney and Sam tied the knot last June in a ceremony in Los Angeles after getting engaged in September 2021. The couple had been dating since 2016 after meeting on the set of Britney’s Slumber Party music video. Their big day didn’t go by without a hiccup, as the artist’s first ex-husband Jason Alexander attempted to crash the nuptials while livestreaming. In December, Sam showed Britney just how much she meant to him with an elaborate display of birthday surprises for her 41st celebrations. He showered his wife with gifts ahead of the big occasion including a cake, balloons, flowers, and rose petals. Uploading his efforts to his social media channels, the actor let his three million followers watch on from behind the scenes as he went all out to make sure his popstar bride enjoyed her day. He narrated the nearly two-minute-long reel clip and claimed he was showing everyone that chivalry isn’t quite dead yet as he went about proving he was a ‘classic man’. Metro.co.uk has contacted Britney and Sam for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 