Love Island 2023 star Lana Jenkins has spoken out about her romance with I’m a Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! runner-up Owen Warner, admitting she refrained from watching him on the ITV programme. In a few days, the new cast of Winter Love Island will descend on the brand new villa in South Africa for a holiday filled with romance, drama, heartbreak and even more drama. One of the islanders looking for love will be Lana from Luton, who works as a make-up artist. While being in the public eye to this degree will be a brand new experience for the 25-year-old, she previously dated Hollyoaks actor Owen, 23, whose own level of fame has skyrocketed since he came second in the jungle in 2022. Ahead of the start date for the new season of Love Island, Lana reflected on her relationship with Owen, saying it was ‘lovely’. ‘We had a bit of a lockdown relationship, so we spent a lot of time together,’ she said. ‘And then when we ended, we ended amicably, so I have nothing bad to say in terms of our relationship and the time that we spent together.’ Lana confessed that she did tune in to watch the final of I’m A Celebrity, having decided to ‘watch it out of support’ as it was ‘amazing’ that he reached that stage of the competition. However, the rest of the series passed her by. ‘I just thought it’s a bit weird to watch your ex for an hour on telly every evening, so I didn’t bother,’ she shared. ‘But I did send him a message when he got out and was like, “Well done. That’s amazing that you came runner-up.” So it was nice.’ As a make-up artist, one of the other famous faces Lana has crossed paths with is Our Girl actor Michelle Keegan. Michelle voiced her support for Lana after the cast was announced, writing on Instagram: ‘So our girl @lanajenkinss is going on @loveisland. Genuinely one of the nicest girls you’ll ever meet. Go and smash it darlin.’ While speaking to Metro.co.uk and other media, Lana expressed how touched she was by Michelle’s sweet message, after being told about it, given the islanders currently don’t have access to social media. ‘Aw, that’s lovely. Yeah, I’ve worked with Michelle on Brassic, which is a series that runs for like six months at a time. So I’ve spent a lot of time with Michelle and she’s amazing,’ Lana said. ‘She’s so beautiful inside and out. So that’s really lovely.’ Love Island returns on Monday at 9pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Maya Jama confesses she even lied to her own mum about becoming Love Island’s new presenter MORE : First look inside sprawling Love Island villa in South Africa ahead of winter series launch 