Jeremy Renner has expressed his gratitude towards the medical staff who have been taking care of him in the ICU, thanking them for ‘beginning this journey’ during his recovery. Earlier this week, it emerged that the Hawkeye star was in a ‘critical but stable condition’ after having an accident while ploughing snow. The 52-year-old – who celebrates his birthday today – had been helping a stranded family member in heavy snow when the incident occurred, with the 911 report revealing that he had been ‘completely crushed’ by the snowplow. On Tuesday this week, Renner shared a selfie from his hospital bed, while also revealing his facial bruising in a video of himself having an ‘ICU spa moment’. In a new picture uploaded onto his Instagram Story, the Marvel actor was joined in a photo by members of his family and hospital staff. ‘Thank you Renowned Medical ICU team for beginning this journey,’ he wrote in the caption adding four praying emojis to the image. In the snap, Renner is sitting upright in bed while wearing an oxygen mask, while everyone else also wears face coverings. On Sunday January 1, was airlifted to hospital after suffering ‘blunt chest trauma and orthopaedic injuries’ in the accident, his publicist said in a statement. In the 911 report obtained by TMZ, he’s said to have been ‘completely crushed’ by his 14,000-pound snowplow and was bleeding heavily from his head. It stated that the Hurt Locker star was having ‘extreme difficulty’ breathing, as the right side of his chest had collapsed and his upper torso had been crushed. The log also outlined that Renner could be heard on the emergency call moaning in pain in the background. Several of his Marvel co-stars have shared support for him on social media, with Thor actor Chris Hemsworth commenting on Instagram: ‘Speedy recovery buddy. Sending love your way.’ Captain America star Chris Evans added: ‘Tough as nails. Love you buddy,’ while WandaVision’s Paul Bettany said: ‘Love you mate. Sending you love and healing.’ Guardians of the Galaxy actor Chris Pratt wrote: ‘Continued prayers your way brutha,’ while Thor: Love and Thunder director Taika Waititi stated: ‘My brother, I love you,’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Renner was ‘completely crushed’ by snowplough, harrowing 911 report reveals MORE : Jeremy Renner ‘wasn’t impaired’ at time of accident, police say, as sister reveals he’s ‘crushing’ progress goals  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 