Sadie Sink has opened up about saying a final goodbye to Stranger Things ahead of season five. The 20-year-old joined the star-studded cast of the smash Netflix sci-fi series as Max Mayfield in the second series, alongside Millie Bobby Brown, David Harbour, Charlie Heaton and Winona Ryder. Since then, she has become a firm fan favorite – but the season four finale left viewers fearing for her future when she came face-to-face with Vecna, before losing her sight and becoming comatose. During an appearance on the Today Show, she lifted the lid on filming the last episodes beside her co-stars. Without giving much away, Sadie said: ‘We know that it’s happening and that it’s the last season, so it’s going to be emotional I’m sure. ‘Spoiler-free, just with the way my character ended in season 4, I have no idea what is going to happen. But I’ll be there.’ The Whale actress has grown up on the set of the Netflix program, having been in the role of Max since she was 14. She explained that saying goodbye to people she has seen on a very regular basis since her early teenage years will be ‘scary and sad’. ‘It’s going to be awful. It’s going to be horrible,’ she added. ‘These kids, this entire cast and crew, it’s family. People say that all the time, but I genuinely mean it. ‘To think that we have to say goodbye to that security and knowing that we’re going to be seeing each other for another season? It’s scary and sad, but I think it’s exciting to kind of move on to the next chapter, I guess.’ Stranger Things season four broke all kinds of records when it finally landed on Netflix last July – with fans rushing to find out the fate of the Hawkins gang. All eyes have been peeled for any hints from creators Ross and Matt Duffer, aka the Duffer brothers, on how the program will eventually conclude. ‘[Season] five, the way we see it, is kind of a culmination of all the seasons, so it’s got a little bit from each,’ Ross said in November. ‘I think that what we’re trying to do is go back to the beginning a little bit, in sort of the tone of one. But also scale-wise, it’s more aligned with what four is. ‘So, hopefully, it’s got a little bit of everything.’ Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Edward Norton completely stunned to learn he’s related to Pocahontas: ‘Oh my god’ MORE : James Wan might make a M3GAN sequel as fans call sci-fi horror film ‘bonkers but brilliant’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 