Chelsea have agreed a €40 million (£35m) fee with PSV to sign Noni Madueke, according to reports in the Netherlands. Chelsea have already completed five signings this month – most recently the £88.6m deal to land Mykhailo Mudryk ahead of Arsenal last weekend – and are now on the verge of securing their sixth arrival before the end of the January transfer window. According to Eindhovens Dagblad, Chelsea have verbally agreed a £35m deal with PSV to sign Madueke and are now in the process of finalising their proposal. Chelsea are now discussing personal terms with Madueke and are arranging for the winger to undergo a medical in London. The 20-year-old has made just eight appearances for PSV this season due to suffering a severe ankle injury during pre-season training in July. Madueke, who primarily plays on the right wing, has scored 20 goals in 80 appearances during his time at PSV. Speaking last week, PSV head coach Ruud van Nistelrooy said he hoped Madueke would stay until the end of the season after the Dutch club sold Cody Gakpo to Liverpool at the start of the window. ‘I would rather not let him go, but I can’t stop big clubs from showing such a massive interest in him,’ Van Nistelrooy said. ‘Madueke has created the interest by himself, because of his terrific qualities and his performances here in the Netherlands and in European games. ‘I wanted to see if there was any way we could keep him here. My hope was on a longer spell of Madueke here at PSV Eindhoven. ‘So I told the club to try and do everything to keep him. He is quality for this club. But I know things take a completely different turn when the big money comes on the table.’ Madueke, who was born in Barnet, started his career with Crystal Palace’s academy before he joined Tottenham in 2014. He went on to spend four years at Tottenham before signing his first professional contract with PSV in 2018, despite receiving offers from Chelsea and Manchester United. ‘Chelsea, Manchester United, a lot of European clubs [made offers],’ Madueke told BBC Sport in 2021 when asked about his decision to join PSV. ‘I came here one time and as soon as I came I wanted to sign straight away. I knew going from Tottenham to United is pretty much the same thing. ‘The reason I wanted to go was to progress quicker into the first team. PSV is a top European club. It made so much sense at the time and it makes sense now.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 