Emily Atack has revealed she had her first sexual experience aged just 12 with an 18-year-old boy. The 33-year-old comedian and TV presenter has candidly opened up about the sexual harassment she faces from people every online in her new BBC Two documentary Emily Atack: Asking For It? She was left ‘scared of men’ in her teens and has recalled being touched without her consent at parties, while in the film she hears from 16-year-old girls about their own experiences of cyberflashing, which is when a person sends unsolicited sexual images via social media, AirDrop or online dating apps. Some of the girls she spoke to revealed they first experienced cyberflashing when they were just 11 years old. After their conversation, the former Inbetweeners actress said: ‘It kind of hit me quite hard listening to those girls at school because it really made me reflect on the kind of thing that I went through as a teenager. ‘My first sexual experience with an 18-year-old was [when I was] 12. Men did scare me, they were always inappropriate with me from such a young age. ‘What I’ve been told in therapy over the years is that I found a way of coping with it and that was by opening myself up to boys and men from a really early age.’ Elsewhere in the programme, Emily spoke to Sexual Violence and Abuse Counsellor Theresa Cabot about her experiences as a child, and how she feels now as she reflects on them. She explained: ‘At the time, when I was having sex and using my body to get what I wanted out of a situation, I thought that was sort of what you had to do. ‘I didn’t like it, it was painful. I found myself in situations where I was so drunk and I would wake up and stuff was happening to me… things like that. ‘I hate myself [for it]. Like, stop causing problems! Just be like all the others kids, like all the other girls. Have other interests other than snogging boys and makeup.’ Emily Atack: Asking For It? airs January 31 at 9pm on BBC Two. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emily Atack ‘filled with hope’ after receiving support over BBC documentary about sexual harassment MORE : Emily Atack urges government to make ‘damaging’ catcalling a ‘public health issue’ 