An ‘extraordinarily brave’ little girl who had to have all her limbs amputated after she was wrongly discharged will be paid around £39 million. The child, who cannot be identified, was taken to Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey for a high fever, drowsiness and vomiting. She was exhibiting ‘red flags for meningitis and sepsis’ but doctors still discharged her after giving her paracetamol. But a few hours later, her parents took her back to A&E with a rash and a fever and she was diagnosed with meningococcal sepsis. She was then rushed to the paediatric intensive care unit of another hospital, where she suffered from multi-organ failure. The youngster ended up having to have above-knee amputations of both of her legs and above-elbow amputations of her arms. On top of this, she also had to undergo several procedures including skin grafts to treat the infection. Her family brought a claim against Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust, arguing that if she had been treated urgently with antibiotics, she would not have been as ill and would have avoided the amputations. The trust admitting liability and reached an agreement with the family at High Court in London. Judge Caspar Glyn KC on Friday said he would ‘unhesitatingly’ approve the settlement of around £39 million – part in a lump sum and the rest in annual payments for the rest of her life. Elizabeth-Anne Gumbel KC, representing the girl and her family, said: ‘She is an extraordinarily brave little girl who is managing in school to do very well academically.’ Deborah Nadel, from the same law firm said: ‘This child’s injuries and severe disabilities were completely avoidable with proper care. ‘All the red flags for meningitis and sepsis were there for doctors to see. Specific protocols for treating these illnesses exist to protect patients and doctors, but they only work if they are followed. ‘Settlement will help provide the girl with the equipment, therapy and aids she needs and will help her live her most fulfilling life, despite what happened to her. She is brave and she is determined.’ The court heard part of a letter written by Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust chief executive Neil Dardis sent to the girl’s parents. In the letter, Mr Dardis apologised, adding that her care ‘fell below the standard (the girl) was entitled to expect’ and that she should not have been discharged. Bradley Martin KC, representing the trust, added: ‘There is no amount of money that can truly compensate (her) for her injuries. ‘She will have access to the care and technology she needs.’ Mr Martin later paid tribute to the girl’s ‘extraordinary spirit and determination’, adding: ‘It is quite remarkable that despite such devastating injuries, she has such potential.’ Judge Glyn said: ‘Money cannot bring who your daughter was back but it can secure her future.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.