The mother of murdered schoolboy Logan Mwangi has been refused permission to appeal against her conviction. Angharad Williamson was sentenced to life in prison for her part in the brutal killing of the five-year-old in Bridgend. Logan was beaten to death and then callously tossed in the river while Williamson played the part of a distraught mum looking for her missing child. Williamson, her partner John Cole, and Cole’s teenage step-son Craig Mulligan were all convicted of murder at trial in Cardiff Crown Court. However, Williamson subsequently launched a legal bid to appeal against her conviction. Her initial application for permission to appeal the case – known as leave to appeal – was rejected, and the matter was taken to the Court of Appeal. The Court of Appeal sitting in Swansea Crown Court on Wednesday heard the renewed application. The Court of Appeal heard that Williamson was seeking leave to appeal against her conviction on the grounds that evidence relating to her partner Cole had not been allowed to be put before the jury by trial judge Mrs Justice Jefford. Peter Rouch KC, for Williamson, submitted that bad character evidence about co-defendant Cole in regard to his alleged ‘deep-seated’ racist beliefs should have gone before the jury. The barrister said Logan was of mixed heritage and evidence about Cole’s beliefs would have assisted jurors when they came to consider motivation for the deadly assault. He also contended that evidence about Cole’s alleged previous domestic violence should have gone before the jury, as should details of his previous convictions which would have shown a ‘propensity’ to violence. The court heard details of his past convictions were in fact put before the jury but only in the form of agreed facts after Williamson had said in her evidence that Cole had boasted about his violent past and that she was scared of him. In fact Cole’s antecedent record showed he had not been given an Imprisonment for Public Protection (IPP) sentence as a dangerous offender as Williamson contended he had told her. The application for leave to appeal the conviction was refused by the Court of Appeal. The Lord Chief Justice of England of Wales, Lord Maldon – who was siting with Mrs Justice Stacey and Mr Justice Wall – said the court was ‘unpersuaded that the grounds put forward by the appellant were arguable’. He said the original trial judge had been fully entitled to conclude that the evidence Williamson’s legal team sought to introduce did not have significant probative value, and her ruling on not allowing the evidence to be put before the jury had been ‘in truth, impeccable’ and the application to seek leave to appeal was therefore refused. Lord Maldon said: ‘This renewed application for leave to appeal against conviction must be dismissed.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.