Paul Mescal’s mum Dearbhla has shared an insight into what it was like finding out her son had been nominated for film’s most prestigious award. It was announced on Tuesday that 26-year-old Paul had snagged a best actor Oscar nomination for his portrayal of Calum in Aftersun. But Dearbhla has revealed she found the nomination reveal ceremony too ‘stressful’ to watch and was folding washing when she learned of her son’s nod via WhatsApp. Paul is the eldest of three siblings and Dearbhla and her husband (also called Paul) are also doting parents to daughter Nell and son Donnacha. ‘We’re very blessed, Donnacha was in New York, sitting in his office, Nelly was in London, she went straight to his flat,’ Dearbhla said of how her family reacted to the news. ‘It’s an honour to watch him in this arena, I’m emotional a lot today,’ she added to RTE. ‘The fact that I got to see their three faces today, the love they have for each other as siblings is second to none, I’m very happy.’ Paul’s dad told the outlet: ‘[The Oscars] was always such an occasion and even with Irish people like Brenda Fricker and Liam Neeson and all those people and now for our child to be to be in with those.’ Following Tuesday’s announcement, Irish actor Paul took part in an adorable FaceTime call with members of his family. Spotted in the corner of a screenshot uploaded by his musician sister Nell, the star was beaming as other members of the virtual call appeared overjoyed. In a series of tweets, Nell reacted to the news her brother could be receiving his very first Oscar next month and shared her emotional overwhelm at the revelation. Alongside the grab from a group call, the younger Mescal posted a crying emoji and admitted she couldn’t upload the actual video as she was crying ‘ugly’ tears. ‘i am so proud it is making me sick [sic]’, she penned and went on to say: ‘how on earth did this happen?’ Nell also revealed the sad news of her mother’s upcoming chemotherapy treatment amid the Oscars chaos: ‘my mum got a haircut today in prep for her chemotherapy and then paul got nominated for an oscar life is so crazy [sic].’ Paul has since reacted to the news in a statement that read: ‘This is truly a special moment for everyone involved in Aftersun. ‘To be recognised by the Academy is such an insane honour and I’m so utterly grateful. ‘I want to dedicate this nomination to my two friends Charlotte and Frankie who I love dearly! This is bananas, thank you!’ The Normal People star was nominated for best actor in a leading role alongside fellow Irishman Colin Farrell for his part in The Banshees of Inisherin, Elvis star Austin Butler, Brendan Fraser for The Whale and Living’s Bill Nighy. MORE : Rick and Morty TV channel cuts ties with co-creator Justin Roiland amid domestic abuse charges MORE : Joe Cornish reveals why The Adam and Joe Show wouldn’t get made today  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 