Graham Potter held ‘honest’ talks with four Chelsea stars at the club’s training ground yesterday to address the club’s poor form. The Blues have taken just six points from the last 24 on offer and they were battered by Manchester City in the FA Cup last weekend. There is already significant pressure on Potter’s position, with the former Brighton boss failing to lift the club since taking over from Thomas Tuchel. Chelsea take on rivals Fulham tonight, with the Cottagers three places and three points above Potter’s side. The Blues are already ten points adrift of the Champions League places and can ill-afford to drop more points. With that in mind, Potter’s revealed he’s spoken at length with Chelsea’s most senior players – Cesar Azpilicueta, Jorginho, Thiago Silva and Mateo Kovacic – to address the side’s form. ‘I spoke really at length yesterday with Thiago, Aspi, Jorgi, Kova – we had a really good conversation. They again showed their qualities as people,’ said Potter. ‘They were honest, articulated their concerns well. They articulated their positivity, they articulated their responsibility. And I think we are in a place where we can move forward. ‘It is an experienced team. The players are honest and they want to take responsibility. They want to improve, they want to win. There are a lot there, we are quite fortunate. ‘But at the same time, we are in a tough moment and there are challenges that affect the players as well. They are human beings. ‘They are paid to do their jobs, but they are not robots. They are still affected by results and things that are happening in terms of the transition phase of the club. But I have been really impressed.’ MORE : Borussia Dortmund chief braced for Youssoufa Moukoko exit as Chelsea, Manchester United and Newcastle circle MORE : Borussia Dortmund chief braced for Youssoufa Moukoko exit as Chelsea, Manchester United and Newcastle circle For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 