Kate Chastain didn’t hold back when she was asked for her opinion on the most ‘overrated’ Housewife, instantly naming Vicki Gunvalson. The self-declared queen of ‘whooping it up’ was an original cast member of the Real Housewives of Orange County – the first in the franchise – when it hit our screens in 2006, but bowed out ahead of series 15. She recently appeared on the second season of Ultimate Girls Trip, alongside best pal Tamra Judge, and was confirmed to be in the cast for the fourth outing of the spin-off. Despite having been on our screens for nearly two decades, Kate confessed that she’s not a fan of the OG. During an appearance on Page Six’s Virtual Reali-Tea podcast, she was asked to name the most ‘overrated’ cast member. Wasting no time, the Below Deck icon replied: ‘Vicki Gunvalson, I don’t get it. I’m sorry. ‘I just feel like she’s always angry and always screaming.’ Despite the savage comments, the mom-to-be explained that she was excited to see Vicki hopefully redeem herself on the upcoming series of Ultimate Girls Trip, after struggling in her debut. ‘I’m happy for her that she’s now going to Marrakech for a re-do,’ the former chief stewardess continued. ‘Because she was vulnerable at that time in Bluestone Manor. ‘Hopefully, after this new Girls Trip, I will change my opinion, but as it stands, Vicki needs to change her vibe.’ When questioned over whether she was a fan of Vicki from the first few seasons of RHOC, she added: ‘Not really… Whoop it up? It’s not clever… it’s not something I would hang my hat on.’ Noted. Season four of Girls Trip is currently filming, and Vicki will also be popping up in the upcoming series of RHOC – including on a cast trip to Mexico with Tamra, Heather Dubrow, Shannon Beador, Gina Kirschenheiter, Emily Simpson and newcomer Taylor Armstrong. However, she is not returning to the fold as a full-time Housewife or in a ‘friend of’ capacity. Discussing the news, she confessed that she was jealous Tamra was given a coveted orange instead. ‘I was jealous, mad,’ she told Us Weekly. ‘I thought the phone would be ringing for [me]. I’m like, “Hello, Andy [Cohen], you’re not calling me!” ‘She really wanted it more than me. She’s good TV,’ she added, before shedding light on her own scenes. ‘It was great. Loved it. Loved my girls. ‘I love my Tamra [and] Shannon and we’re good together.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rita Ora confesses she’s ‘actually exhausted’ after ‘big day’ confirming marriage to Taika Waititi MORE : Below Deck Mediterranean star Courtney Veale admits Mzi Dempers ‘romance’ was faked on camera: ‘Obviously they didn’t use that bit’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 