Molly-Mae Hague hasn’t kept fans in suspense for too long as she’s just announced her daughter’s baby name. The former Love Island star confirmed yesterday that she has welcomed her first child with boyfriend Tommy Fury. Well, less than 24 hours later, Molly, 23, has shared what they’ve decided to call their baby girl and it’s a pretty sweet name. In an Instagram post showing their daughter writhing around in her crib in her nursery, Molly simply wrote: ‘Bambi,’ with the name also seen on a neon sign on the wall. ‘Bambi’ – best known as the deer in Disney’s 1942 classic – was one of the names floated about by fans when trying to predict the couple’s baby name, along with Nephele. In October, PrettyLittleThing creative director Molly teased the ‘unusual’ moniker, during a Q&A with fans. ‘Yes, we do have a baby girl name picked out,’ she revealed. ‘I’ve had the name picked out since I was basically a baby girl myself!’ She explained it has ‘always been my dream baby girl name, and luckily when I met Tommy and I told him the name…he absolutely loved it too’. The reality star didn’t reveal the name but described it as ‘really, really unusual and different.’ ‘I do not know anybody else with the name. I have not really seen any other girls with the name before, it’s like that different.’ Molly added that the public will probably ‘either love it or hate it,’ admitting: ‘It is super unusual, super different. ‘Nobody will guess it because it’s not even really a name.’ Molly and Tommy waited a week to announce their daughter’s arrival, after she was born on January 23. Sharing the joyful news with their followers, Molly wrote: ‘One week old today. I can’t believe we get to keep you forever. ‘Becoming your mum has been the best thing to ever happen to me… it doesn’t seem possible but my love for you grows with each passing moment. There is no feeling like holding you in my arms little one, my heart literally explodes.’ She added: ‘Thank you for entering the world safely for us and blessing us with the gift of being your parents. ‘We promise to love and and care for you unconditionally forever.’ Boxer Tommy, 23, said in his own post: ‘I’ll protect you forever my little girl.’ The couple also shared the first photos of Bambi, with the little one cradled in their arms and being showered with kisses in the hospital and back at the family’s Manchester home. Maura Higgins, Stacey Solomon, Kate Ferdinand and Tommy’s brother and sister-in-law Tyson and Paris Fury, were among the stars to congratulate the happy couple on their new bundle of joy. After the announcement, Molly returned to Instagram on Tuesday morning to thank fans for their kind messages. ‘We appreciate it so much,’ she said. Tommy and Molly announced they were expecting their first child in September. They met on the 2019 series of ITV2’s Love Island and have been going strong ever since, becoming one of the few remaining couples from the entire show. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Wayne Lineker’s ‘weird’ comment about Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury’s new baby creeps people out online MORE : Glowing new mum Molly-Mae Hague shares adorable snaps of daughter with Tommy Fury but keeps us guessing over ‘unusual’ baby name