Manchester City legend has fired back at Zlatan Ibrahimovic after the Manchester United hero criticised Argentina’s World Cup celebrations. Following the South American nation’s triumph at Qatar 2022, there was plenty of backlash towards the players for the manner in which they celebrated beating France in the final. Aston Villa goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez received the bulk of the criticism for his behaviour and taunting of Kylian Mbappe, with FIFA even launching an investigation into the team as result. Legendary striker Ibrahimovic recently added his take on the matter, telling France Inter: ‘[Lionel] Messi is considered the best player in history, I was sure he was going to win. ‘What will happen is that Mbappe will still win another World Cup. I’m not worried about him. ‘I’m worried about the others in Argentina, because they will not win anything more. Messi has won everything and he will be remembered, but the rest who behaved badly, we can’t respect that. ‘This is coming from me, speaking as a top professional player, that is a sign that you will win once, but you won’t win again. You don’t win like that.’ But former Argentina striker Aguero, who was involved in those celebrations, has not taken kindly to those comments, taking to Twitch to launch a fiery tirade against AC Milan star. ‘Let’s remember that you [Ibrahimovic] also behaved badly, right? I remember that we played against United. I was on the bench. You were provoking, you were talking back. ‘I think that before worrying about Argentina, you should worry about your country [Sweden], about your players, who didn’t even qualify for the last World Cup. ‘I remember that you fought with [Nicolas] Otamendi in a game between City and United. You argued with Pep Guardiola. I imagine that’s why he wanted to sell you from Barcelona. ‘You disrespected my teammates. What’s more, maybe you’re also talking to me because I was there. I feel like you shot me and now I’m shooting you. We are world champions, Zlatan.’ MORE : Manchester United must keep David de Gea and snub Jordan Pickford, says Paul Parker MORE : Gareth Southgate defends Marcus Rashford World Cup snubs despite Manchester United form For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 