A 16-year-old has appeared in court after being charged with the murder of Holly Newton, 15. The ‘kind and beautiful’ schoolgirl was knifed outside a takeaway shop in Hexham after leaving school on Friday. She died later in hospital, with the sudden loss leaving her family ‘devastated beyond words’. The boy Holly had just begun dating, 16 was also admitted to hospital after ‘desperately trying to save her’. He suffered non-life-threatening injuries. Another 16-year-old boy has been charged with murder, attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon. The accused, who cannot be named for legal reasons, appeared before Newcastle Upon Tyne Magistrates’ Court on Monday. He was not asked to enter pleas during the brief hearing Wearing a grey prison tracksuit, he spoke only to confirm his name, date of birth and address. He was remanded into youth detention accommodation until his next appearance at Newcastle Crown Court on Wednesday February 1. District judge Paul Currer told the youth: ‘The allegations against you are very serious. For that reason you can’t be dealt with in this court. I am going to send your case to the crown court.’ Holly, from the market town of Haltwhistle, was a keen dancer and year 10 pupil at Hexham’s Queen Elizabeth High School. Her devasted family paid tribute to her today, saying: ‘Holly was always a popular girl, who was loved by so many people – not just in Hexham – but all over the North East. ‘Holly also loved dancing and was so talented – and a big part of her spare time was spent at classes and taking part in competitions up and down the country. ‘She had her whole life ahead of her and we are still coming to terms with the fact that our beautiful and loving girl is no longer with us. ‘Rest in peace to our baby girl – we love you so much and our lives will never be the same without you here. ‘You touched so many hearts and you will be missed beyond words by all of your family and loved ones.’ Holly’s mum Micala Trussler, 33, has reportedly praised her daughter’s boyfriend for ‘trying to save my baby girl’. She added that Holly had been ‘so excited about her new relationship’. Staff at Holly’s school have paid tribute, describing her as ‘quiet, conscientious, helpful and kind’. Hexham mayor Derek Kennedy said everyone in the town – named the happiest place to live in Great Britain last year in a Rightmove study – had been ‘knocked for six’. On Sunday, he said: ‘The whole town is still coming to terms with this, it’s been a massive shock. ‘I was at Hexham Abbey where they’ve held a service for Holly, I lit a candle as did other people to pay tribute. ‘A young girl who’s just starting life and attending the local high school, starting her education and getting out there, it’s just terrible, as a town we pay tribute to her. ‘It’s going to have a big impact on all the schoolchildren when they go back on Monday because one of their own won’t be coming back ever again.’ Northumbria Police say an investigation is ongoing, with officers remaining in the area for the next few days. The force said: ‘Holly still had so much left to look forward to in life, and this tragic incident has left her family devastated beyond words. ‘Our thoughts are with both families involved and their loved ones as we continue to support them in every way we can.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.