The Doomsday Clock has been set at 90 seconds to midnight, the closest it has ever been to the marker that represents global annihilation. The decision to move the clock forward was announced this afternoon in an online livestream hosted by the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, which has updated the clock regularly since 1947. For the first time, the announcement was given in three languages: English, Russian and Ukrainian, a sign of how integral the conflict in Ukraine was to the scientists’ decision. The Doomsday Clock is intended to provide a chilling visualisation of how close humanity could be to the end of the world. When the idea was first introduced at the dawn of the Cold War, the clock was set at seven minutes to midnight. Since then, the minute hand has bounced back and forth several times, with the furthest distance coming in the early nineties with the collapse of the Soviet Union. At that point, the scientists at the Bulletin decided the world was more unlikely than ever to be destroyed in a nuclear war and wound the Doomsday Clock back to 17 minutes to midnight. However, by 2020 they were feeling a lot more pessimistic and the clock was set at 100 seconds to midnight – closer than it had ever been to annihilation. It was kept there in 2022, with three global threats in particular being given as a reason: nuclear war, climate change and ‘cyber-enabled information warfare’. For today’s livestream, the scientists were joined by speakers including Mary Robinson, the first women president of Ireland, and Elbegdorj Tsakhia, former president and prime minister of Mongolia. Robinson spoke about standing beside the clock as it was moved to 100 seconds three years ago. Now, she said: ‘The threats are even more acute, and the failures of leadership even more damning.’ The Russian invasion of Ukraine, which took place the month after last year’s announcement, was repeatedly cited during the announcement as the largest reason for the decision to move the minute hand forward. As that conflict has drawn on, concern has risen over the likelihood of Russia using nuclear weapons in the field. Ahead of today’s announcement, Bulletin president Rachel Bronson said: ‘The continuing stream of disinformation about bioweapons labs in Ukraine raises concerns that Russia itself may be thinking of deploying such weapons. ‘There is no clear path for forging a just peace that discourages future aggression under the shadow of nuclear threat.’ The use of bioweapons or nuclear weapons would escalate the conflict significantly, and inevitably lead to major outcry from the international community. Meanwhile, the threat posed by climate change has only become more stark in recent years, as natural disasters such as the floods in Pakistan have hit the headlines. The environmental crisis has only been taken into account by the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists since 2007, but has since become one of the most important factors in the decision. The concept of the Doomsday Clock is not entirely without its critics. Professor Brad Evans, director of the centre for violence at Bath University, told Metro.co.uk the decision is ‘deeply politicised’. He said: ‘Whilst this image has come to shape our politics – we do after all live in catastrophic times where the future looks like an endemic terrain of crisis – there are a number of problems with this particularly symbolic attempt to calculate the time that remains. ‘Who determines the time? And by what criteria?’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.