Davina McCall has reflected on being ‘cancelled’ after writing a controversial tweet following the murder of Sarah Everard in 2021. The 55-year-old found herself in the midst of backlash when she tweeted at the time: ‘Female abduction/murder is extremely rare. Yes we should all be vigilant when out alone. But this level of fear-mongering isn’t healthy. ‘And men’s mental health is an issue as well. Calling all men out as dangerous is bad for our sons, brothers, partners.’ The Masked Singer panellist’s tweet divided her followers – with some even calling for the presented to be ‘murdered’ for her views. Speaking on Steven Bartlett’s Diary of a CEO podcast, Davina said that cancel culture is the thing that makes her most angry about society. She told the Dragons’ Den star she had written a tweet telling her followers ‘we don’t need to completely panic about that situation’. Davina explained that her son Chester, 16, was the inspiration behind the tweet because he ‘was really cut up about it and he didn’t know how to behave, he felt like the enemy suddenly and I was trying to explain to him that he wasn’t.’ She continued: ‘I said, “We’ve got brothers and husbands and kids that are worried and they want to help, let’s not demonise all men,” and my God, I got 200,000 likes but I didn’t see any of those, I just saw the 10,000 comments asking for me be murdered or burned at the stake or, you know, [saying] I’m a woman hater or I’m a #notallmen person and I don’t understand anything about domestic violence.’ Insisting that she wasn’t talking about domestic violence or ‘other awful things that happen to women’, she added: ‘I just didn’t feel that this was the moment to attack all men because in life I have discovered that we need to come at life together, men and women. ‘Segregating everybody into separate groups, separatist groups, I think it’s anti-society, we need to all work together and alienating people, an entire sex, is not a good idea.’ Davina told Steven: ‘You need to have our back and we need to have your back. I know lots of men that really changed their behaviour after hearing about how frightened women are in the streets and you know, if they’re walking towards a woman, just go, “It’s ok,” or cross over the road and walk on the other side and maybe they didn’t do that before. ‘That’s a good thing, we need to commend that rather than, you know, [say] “Well if we weren’t frightened of you in the first place, you wouldn’t have to do that”. I just think there’s got to be a more open conversation.’ Opening up on how the experience affected her, she said: ‘I didn’t take it down, I went to bed for a weekend and I was ashamed and frightened to go shopping in my local supermarket. ‘I didn’t want to go out in town because I felt like everybody had read it and hated me and then I read quite a few articles afterwards where they were saying, “No, completely understand where she was coming from, she was right” and I was like “Oh, oh right” and so I kept the comment up there because I do stand by it.’ However, she did admit there was one thing that she did learn from the incident, adding: “I think my big mistake and the thing that I should apologise for is that I posted it three days, four days after she’d died and it was timing, my timing was s**t and it was way too soon. ‘But actually, what was a really bad experience for me, I did learn something from it and I won’t do that again,’ she finished. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Davina McCall travels 520 miles with boyfriend to try Manchester’s ‘hilarious’ Karen restaurant – and she was left in stitches MORE : Davina McCall reveals the three Big Brother stars she’s still in touch with 