When you’re feelin’ sad and low, a Spice Girls bus stay is where you gotta go. Yes, if you really want to Spice Up Your Life, this iconic Union Jack-painted double decker – straight out of the 1997 movie Spice World – is a novel new place to Stop the night. Fans will remember that Posh drove this very bus through busy London streets to get to their big show at the Royal Albert Hall on time.For £388 per night, available through Airbnb, guests can stay in the bus currently parked on the Isle of Wight. While the iconic Union Jack is still painted on the outside of the bus, the interior looks a little different from the film. But if you Wannabe surrounded by Scary, Sporty, Ginger, Baby and Posh’s vintage style, the Spicemobile boasts bold interiors, with colourful scatter cushions surrounding the central seating area. Upstairs there’s a dressing area and an adjoining bedroom, fitted with a striking animal-print carpet that must surely have been chosen by Mel B. And it includes comfy bedding for three Saturday Night (or any other night) Divas to share the party. ‘The Spice Girls were my childhood obsession. My parents were subjected to my tone-deaf performances as Baby Spice, and I must have watched the Spice World movie hundreds of times,’ says host Suzanne Godley. ‘And while I have grown up over the years, I don’t think I’ve ever grown out of my love for them. ‘When my boss mentioned that he was considering buying the Spice Bus I was desperate to be a part of its renovation. ‘We’ve worked hard to turn the bus into a home, in keeping with its legacy, and I’m so excited to open it up to the public with the support of Airbnb. ‘Being part of this project has been like a dream come true and I can’t wait to meet other Spice Girls fans through this experience.’ While Suzanne hopes you’ll Say You’ll Be There, there are a few bus rules to abide by, including no pets or smoking, a maximum of three guests and a 90s dress code (with double denim of course permitted). Girl Power selfies in the driver’s seat are actively encouraged – even if the bus won’t be moving – and could you even call yourself a fan without doing a rendition of ‘Goodbye’ on check out? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : London studio flat available for £1,300 – but you’ll need a triangle-shaped bed MORE : Office worker builds his own extension after watching YouTube tutorials – saving £35,000 in total