There’s never any shortage of dramatic reveals when it comes to RuPaul’s Drag Race, but Ariana Grande has managed to shock with a grand entrance. The pop superstar was a guest on the season 15 premiere of the show this week, and chose to surprise the Queens on her way in. Entering the Werk Room cloaked in an outfit topped off with a made-up wig head, similar to the one Vivacious wore for her debut back in season 6, Ariana, 29, unzipped the ensemble to reveal all. The eight queens (Irene Dubois, Luxx Noir London, Aura Mayari, Marcia Marcia Marcia, Malaysia Babydoll Foxx, Anetra, Princess Poppy, and Sasha Colby) who were there were understandably shocked. While they were convinced that it was Ornacia they were seeing (and by default, Vivacious), they were clearly caught off guard when it was Ariana who appeared. They immediately lost it cheering and squealing once they realised she was behind the costume, to which she calmly winked, smiled, and said: ‘Mother has arrived.’ Before taking her seat on the panel as a guest judge alongside Vivacious, who later appeared as well, Ariana told the Queens that she thought drag was ‘the most infectious and joyful art form there is.’ ‘Thank you guys for bringing so much joy to the lives of the Drag Race fans and to everyone.’ Luxx then thanked Ariana for her song Break Free. Fans watching along at home loved the reveal, with one person writing: ‘Ariana Grande’s entrance on Drag Race is all I’ll be talking about this week’. Later in the show Ariana also reminisced on her first appearance as a guest judge, which came in season 7 back in 2015. She spoke about how she appeared just as she was beginning her transition from a popular Nickelodeon actress to global pop superstar. ‘The last time I was here I had just come from shooting the Bang Bang video the night before, and I was so drained,’ she shared. ‘It was just such an overwhelming time in my life and I felt like I wasn’t really fully present for it. ‘Remember to take care of yourself and be present, because it’s such an amazing moment and all of your lives are changing for good, forever.’ The episode eventually also introduced another eight queens (Amethyst, Salina EsTitties, Mistress Isabelle Brooks, Sugar, Spice, Robin Fierce, Loosey LaDuca, and Jax), and the actual Vivacious and Ornacia. Previously explaining the origins of Ornacia, Vivacious first purchased the wig stand over two decades ago and named her after a lyric in RuPaul’s 1993 song Back to My Roots. RuPaul’s Drag Race is streaming on WOW Presents Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : RuPaul’s Drag Race stars Bob the Drag Queen and Monet X Change join The Simpsons: ‘This is a huge moment’ MORE : Drag Race herstory made with Victoria Scone proposing to partner on Canada vs the World 