Barcelona are unable to re-sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Chelsea this month due to Spanish league registration rules. Aubameyang was signed by Barcelona on a free transfer from Arsenal last year but the striker spent just six months at Camp Nou before he was sold to Chelsea in a £12 million deal in September. The 33-year-old has struggled to make an impact since his move to Stamford Bridge, scoring just three goals in 15 appearances so far. Aubameyang is now understood to be open to leaving Chelsea in the January transfer window and reports in Spain claim Barcelona would be interested in re-signing the former Arsenal striker. However, Barcelona will need to wait until the end of the season as La Liga rules prevent players from being registered twice by the same club in a single campaign. Article 141.5 of the RFEF (Spain’s Football Federation) regulations states: ‘Players whose license is cancelled, may not, in the course of of the same season, obtain a license in the same team of the club at the that were already linked.’ Real Betis encountered the same problem in 2018 when they were prevented from re-signing Dani Ceballos on loan from Real Madrid just six months after they had sold the midfielder. Barcelona also encountered the same rule in 2021 when they de-registered Alex Collado ahead of his anticipated move away on loan, but when that fell through Barca were unable to register him again and were forced to loan him to Granada in the January window for the remainder of that season. When asked about the prospect of re-signing Aubameyang, Barcelona head coach Xavi said on Wednesday: ‘We are happy with the squad. In principle, there will be no changes. There has been no meeting. Xavi also insisted that he is keen for Memphis Depay, who has been linked with a move away this month, to remain at Barca: ‘We do not know anything. We will see what happens,’ said Xavi. ‘I’ve told the board that I’d be happy if the squad remains as it is.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 