Former Chelsea and Italy striker Gianluca Vialli has died aged 58. Vialli had been suffering from pancreatic cancer and left his role as head of delegation with Italy’s national team in December. In November 2018, Vialli announced he had undergone radiotherapy and chemotherapy after being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He was given the all-clear in April 2020 but in December 2021 he announced the cancer had returned. Vialli won Serie A with both Sampdoria and Juventus, while he also helped guide Juve to success in the Champions League in 1996. He then joined Chelsea just a few months later and helped the club win the FA Cup in his first season at Stamford Bridge. Vialli became Chelsea’s player-manager in 1998 – the first Italian to manage in the Premier League – and won both the League Cup and UEFA Cup Winners’ Cup. After finishing his playing career, Vialli guided Chelsea to victory in the UEFA Super Cup, as well as the FA Cup in 2000. For Italy’s national team, he scored 16 goals in 59 appearances and was part of their 1986 and 1990 World Cup squads. A minute’s silence will be held before all games in Italy this weekend. A tribute from Chelsea read: ‘As soon as he walked through the door at Stamford Bridge when already a global football star, Luca declared his wish to become a Chelsea legend. ‘It is a target he undoubtedly reached, revered for his work on the pitch and in the dugout during some of the most successful years in our history. Loved by fans, players and staff at Stamford Bridge, Luca will be sorely missed not just by the Chelsea community, but the entire footballing world, including in his native Italy, where he was such an iconic figure. ‘Our thoughts are with Luca’s wife Cathryn, his daughters Sofia and Olivia, and the rest of his family and his friends at this terribly sad time.’ A statement from the Italian Football Association [FIGC] on Friday read: ‘That photo on the Wembley lawn, that hug with Coach Roberto Mancini after Federico Chiesa’s goal against Austria in the round of 16 of the 2021 European Championship, will be one of the images of Gianluca Vialli that we will carry in our hearts forever. ‘Gianluca didn’t make it, he passed away today at the age of 58 after a long illness, always fought head-on, with dignity and with the whole blue family to give him strength in a moment of silent but enormous suffering. ‘Italian football is not only mourning the head of the delegation of the national team: a great man is mourning, who even before that had been a great striker and an appreciated coach. ‘The disappearance of Vialli, which comes a few days after that of Sinisa Mihajlovic, leaves an unfillable void in the whole family of Italian football. ‘To remind him, the Federation has arranged a minute’s silence to be observed before all the matches of the football championships scheduled for next weekend.’ FIGC president Gabriele Gravina said: ‘I am deeply saddened. ‘I hoped until the end that he would be able to perform another miracle, yet I am comforted by the certainty that what he did for Italian football and the blue shirt will never be forgotten. ‘Without beating about the bush: Gianluca was a splendid person and he leaves a void that cannot be filled, in the national team and in all those who have appreciated his extraordinary human qualities.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 