Jen Shah is making the most of her time with her family as she joined husband Sharrieff – aka Coach Shah – at a college football game in California, ahead of her sentencing. The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City star is currently awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to fraud and money laundering charges last July. Her hearing is currently slated to take place on January 6, with the US government recently recommending that she should get 10 years behind bars. Days before she learns her fate, the 49-year-old traveled down to Pasadena to watch the University of Utah – where her husband coaches – play Penn State at the Rose Bowl. The RHOSLC OG appeared in good spirits as she cheered the team on from the stands, donning a red and white bomber jacket and leather trousers for the day. Taking to Instagram, she shared snaps from the event, including one as she cozied up to her husband on the field. Shah has been in the headlines for much of the last year, after it was alleged that she had been running a US-wide fraud scheme with her former assistant, Stuart Smith, since 2012. They were alleged to have sold services such as website designs that claimed to make the management of victims’ businesses more profitable or efficient, according to prosecutors. As well as this, they were accused of offering to sell on the personal information of victims to other members in a ‘fraud ring’, with many of those targeted being over 55. Smith pleaded guilty to the charges against him. Last July, Shah changed her plea to guilty after being charged with one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud in connection with telemarketing. She is thought to have agreed to forfeit $6.5million and to pay up to $9.5million in restitution. Ahead of her sentencing, the government reportedly recommended that the Bravo star should spend 120 months behind bars. In court documents, obtained by People Magazine, officials filed a memo claiming that she ‘engaged in a years-long, comprehensive effort to hide her continued role in the scheme’. The government also alleged that she ‘took a series of increasingly extravagant steps to conceal her criminal conduct from the authorities’. The documents reportedly read: ‘For nearly a decade, the defendant was an integral leader of a wide-ranging, nationwide telemarketing fraud scheme that victimized thousands of innocent people. Many of those people were elderly or vulnerable. ‘Many of those people suffered significant financial hardship and damage. At the defendant’s direction, victims were defrauded over and over again until they had nothing left. She and her co-conspirators persisted in their conduct until the victims’ bank accounts were empty, their credit cards were at their limits, and there was nothing more to take.’ Shah is ‘the most culpable person charged in this case,’ according to the paperwork, which claims that her ‘belated expressions of remorse ring hollow’. The government reportedly described a 10-year sentence as ‘sufficient’, but it is not clear whether this will be taken into consideration. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice’s Karren Brady reveals Claude Littner had to ‘lay down in dark room’ to escape bickering candidates MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Keeble prepares to kill Kat Slater and young child Tommy in shooting  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 