He has some close calls during his years on Top Gear, but Jeremy Clarkson has explained more about how his work on Clarkson’s Farm left him without half of his thumb. In 2021, Clarkson launched his docu-series which followed his efforts to run a 1,000-acre farm in the Cotswolds. The 62-year-old was joined by farm worker Kaleb Cooper, 24, who quickly became a fan-favourite among audiences as he helped the former Top Gear presenter keep things running on the so-called ‘Diddly Squat’ farm. But ahead of the second season launching next month, the new farmer has shared more about how he ran into a bit of trouble which ended with a nasty injury. While trying to chop up potatoes to make crisps, things went haywire with a mandolin. ‘I cut half of my thumb off, but it’s all been sewn back on again now,’ he said. ‘It’s interesting that the only proper injury I’ve sustained in farming – a long-lasting one – was actually from cooking, rather than farming. ‘Which just goes to show: Gordon Ramsay’s job is more dangerous than mine.’ In December Jeremy shared an image on Instagram of his bandaged and bloodied thumb saying it was very sore because the hospital anaesthetic had worn off. It’s not the only injury he’s sustained since his career change, also revealing earlier this month that a cow left him with ‘smashed testicles’. Taking to his column in The Sunday Times, he wrote: ‘I had a plastic bag full of cow treats, which I rattled to let the beasts know that food was in the offing, but as they’re pasture-fed, they had no interest in my nutty snacks. One of them, though, did have an interest in killing me. ‘It’s said a cow cannot kick backwards but I can testify to the fact that this isn’t true. A cow can kick in any direction. They are like Bruce Lee, only more deadly and determined because, having failed to connect with her hoofs, she went for another tack – putting her head between my legs and then raising it smartly. ‘This worked well and immediately I was on my knees in the mud with crossed eyes, trying to push the cow away. This, it turns out, is impossible. It’s like trying to push Westminster Abbey.’ He added that it was the ‘lowest point in my farming career to date’. ‘Being attacked by a cow while on my knees, in the mud, in a storm, with smashed testicles.’ While Clarkson’s Farm has already been confirmed for a third season, Amazon has reportedly parted ways with the presenter following his hateful comments about Meghan Markle in a column. According to Variety, the streaming service won’t be working with the TV personality beyond seasons of The Grand Tour and Clarkson’s Farm that have already been commissioned. Clarkson’s Farm season 2 is airing from February 10 on Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson’s ‘axe’ from Amazon has nothing to do with vile Meghan Markle comments, apparently MORE : Jeremy Clarkson event cancelled last-minute after Amazon ‘part ways’ with him over Meghan Markle comments 