Besiktas are now ready to accept Manchester United’s proposal for Wout Weghorst but will not sign off on the deal until they have secured a replacement, the club’s president has revealed. The Red Devils have been desperate to bring in a new striker this month, with the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo leaving manager Erik ten Hag with only two players – Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial – capable of leading the line. However, United have been limited to looking at loan signings and cut-price deals after spending big last summer, while they only want a stop-gap now before bringing in a proven goalscorer in the off-season. Weghorst emerged as a surprise target in recent days and a move appeared to be at quite an advanced stage when he said goodbye to Besiktas supporters after netting in their last match against Kasimpasa. But the Turkish club have played hardball over the 30-year-old and have demanded a sizeable fee to terminate his loan stay, with Weghorst currently on loan from Burnley. A deal appears to have finally been agreed, with Besiktas accepting an offer of €3million (£2.7m) in order to end their loan agreement – though United are still facing a hold-up before they can complete the move. While Besiktas have now come to terms with losing their topscorer, club president Ahmet Nur Cebi says they will not rubberstamp the deal until they have secured a replacement. ‘With the victories over Adana Demirspor and Kasimpasa we have caught a good mood again. In this critical period, I will not leave the team without a striker,’ he told Turkish outlet Milliyet. ‘If we agree on the terms after getting in a quality striker, then we will send Weghorst away. Otherwise, Weghorst will stay in the team.’ The €3m fee should give Besiktas plenty of wiggle room to find a replacement and they are keen to bring in Vincent Aboubakar, who is set to have his contract with Al-Nassr terminated imminently – ironically as a result of Ronaldo’s arrival. Only once Besiktas have secured a replacement will they terminate Weghorst’s loan, meaning the Dutch forward is unlikely to have completed a move to Old Trafford in time to face Manchester City on Saturday. In order to be eligible to face the Premier League champions, Weghorst will need to be signed and registered with the Premier League by midday on Friday, giving United around 48 hours to complete the deal. MORE : Pep Guardiola teases ‘ridiculous’ tactic he plans to use against Manchester United in derby MORE : ‘It is the ultimate goal’ – Kobbie Mainoo eager for more Manchester United chances after making debut For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 