Amber Gill was spotted looking very happy indeed as she hung out with rumoured new flame Jen Beattie. The 2019 Love Island winner has been linked to the Arsenal star for weeks, after the pair were spotted on a Winter Wonderland date in December. And while Amber has remained fairly coy about the whole thing, she has confirmed she’s dating someone – but she’s ‘not ready to tell just yet.’ Reports of her new romance with the footie star, 31 – who also hasn’t publicly commented on the status of their relationship – come as Amber shared videos of herself mucking about in the stands with the caption: ‘When you have no idea what’s going on but you want to be supportive.’ And this week Amber proved herself as supportive as ever as she was spotted leaving Borehamwood Football Club with Jen after a match. Amber appeared to have dressed to be incognito, in grey matching tracksuit, ugg boots and a coat and hat with her hoodie pulled up. However she looked happy to be photographed alongside athlete Jen, dressed in all-black Arsenal gear, as she grinned and waved to the camera. The reality star and beauty therapist couldn’t keep the smile from her face as she strolled out of the club alongside Jen, seen flashing a smile as she trailed along beside the football star. It could be the pair looked in top spirits thanks to the team’s spectacular win over Leeds United Women’s team, having beaten them by a whopping nine goals to zero. Jen herself scored a goal against the opposite team as Amber watched on, meaning the team could have found themselves a lucky charm in the Newcastle beauty. Speaking about her love life in a recent interview, Amber didn’t give too much away but appeared smitten with her new, as-yet-unnamed flame. ‘I’m not ready to tell just yet,’ she admitted. ‘You know when you just want to keep things to yourself to see how it goes until like, it’s real life?’ She added: ‘It’s like when you’re dating someone, you don’t tell your mum straight away, like that, just taking it slow.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Amber and Jen for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amber Gill remains coy on new romance after being linked to Arsenal’s Jen Beattie: ‘We want to keep it to ourselves for now’ MORE : Love Island star Amber Gill gives small insight into new romance and she has one complaint – her own forehead in their selfies 