Prince Harry has given the first television interview about his long-awaited autobiography Spare. The memoir was accidentally released early in Spain last week, leading to days of leaked stories that whipped up a media frenzy. Some of the shock details include Harry alleging his brother Prince William attacked him in a row over Meghan Markle, how he killed 25 people in Afghanistan, and how he lost his virginity to an ‘older woman’ in a field. Now, in a lengthy sit-down talk with ITV’s Tom Bradby, Harry accused his family ‘of getting into bed with the devil’, and claimed their ‘planting and leaking’ led him to write his book. Here Metro.co.uk takes a look at the key moments from the ITV interview. The Duke of Sussex told Bradby the royal family would do anything to improve their image in the media. He said: ‘After many, many years of lies being told about me and my family, there comes a point where again, going back to the relationship between certain members of the family and tabloid press, those certain members have decided to get into bed with the devil.’ In an extract from his memoir, which was read by Harry during the interview, the duke said his dad blamed himself for his struggles, telling him ‘I should have got you the help you needed years ago’. Harry said his ‘Pa’ was ‘never made’ for single parenthood but had tried, and told Bradby he will ‘always love’ him. The duke revealed he had asked to see evidence of his mum, Diana, Princess of Wales’s death, adding he felt ‘eternally grateful’ after he saw them. He believed those responsible for Diana’s death ‘all got away with it’. Harry insisted Meghan’s claims that a family member had made ‘troubling’ comments about Archie’s skin colour related to ‘unconscious bias’ – not racism. In an exchange with Bradby, the presenter said ‘in the Oprah interview you accused members of your family of racism’. Harry responded by saying ‘no I didn’t’, adding ‘the British press said that’. The duke said he put a lot of hope into the four of them getting along, but stereotyping caused a ‘barrier’ to William and Kate welcoming Meghan into the fold. When asked what he meant by stereotyping, Harry simply replied: ‘American actress, divorced, biracial’. Speaking about the day of the Queen’s death, Harry told Bradby: ‘The day that she died was just a really, really horrible reaction from my family members.’ Harry spoke of how his family was ‘on the back foot’ when the late monarch died in September, and told the presenter he witnessed ‘leaking and planting’. The duke said his family’s planting and leaking caused ‘millions of words’ to be written ‘trying to trash my wife’. He told Bradby he wrote his tell-all book Spare because of ’38 years… of spin and distortion’. Harry argued Jeremy Clarkson’s ‘cruel’ article in the Sun newspaper about his wife Meghan encourages people around the world to believe it is an acceptable way to treat women. He said: ‘When we’re talking about accountability… the Jeremy Clarkson article… what he said was horrific and is hurtful and cruel towards my wife. ‘But it also encourages other people around the UK and around the world, men particularly, to go and think that it’s acceptable to treat women that way.’ Harry told Bradby: ‘A symptom of one of the problems where we’re not just talking about family relationships, we’re talking about an antagonist, which is the British press, specifically the tabloids who want to create as much conflict as possible. ‘The saddest part of that is certain members of my family and the people that work for them are complicit in that conflict.’ Harry recounted how three-year-old Archie had to tell his one-year-old sibling: ‘No Lili. I need my space.’ He added: ‘The gap between me and William is very similar to Archie and Lili, and to see Lili obsessed with Archie, and Archie like, “No, no Lily, I need my space, I need my space”, now I get it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.