Another celebrity has been unmasked on The Masked Singer – and it’s only Stephen Hendry! The first elimination of 2023 saw Chris Kamara unmasked underneath Ghost’s sheet, before pop icon Lulu was revealed as Piece of Cake. In week three, showbiz couple Martin and Shirlie Kemp were unveiled as the adorable Cat & Mouse, the show’s first singing duo. Remaining characters, Fawn, Jacket Potato, Pigeon, Rhino, and Rubbish then all took to the stage in episode four to sing in disguise and stump the panel and viewers alike. And stump is exactly what Rubbish did, leaving judges Davina McCall, Mo Gilligan, Rita Ora, and Jonathan Ross very surprised indeed when the mask came off. Jonathan did come close, predicting that the triangle in Rubbish’s costume and colours relating to snooker balls could’ve been nods to Robbie O’Sullivan, making him all the more frustrated at being so close, yet so far. Rubbish performed the Kaiser Chiefs’ classic track Ruby, with comedian Mo believing the celeb underneath could’ve been Olympic cyclist Sir Chris Hoy, while TV presenter Davina thought it could be The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades due to the link to recycling. But, the clues all pointed in Stephen’s direction, with plenty of references to his snooker championships. On taking part in the mad guessing game, Scottish star Stephen, 54, said: ‘I thought it was so obvious because it was me. He continued: ‘I love the show and it’s way out of my comfort zone so I thought why not let’s give it a go.’ In a Q&A post-show, the snooker champ also described The Masked Singer as his ‘guilty pleasure.’ On why he wanted to give it a go, he said: ‘To try something completely out of my comfort zone. ‘I have had the opportunity to do other shows that would have put me in that same uncomfortable position but being completely hidden made it so much easier for me to let loose and get my head around the challenge.’ Explaining his favourite clues, he recalled the VT packages saying that he is the ‘youngest in your field’ (as a world champion), mentioning cars and Grand Prix (The Grand Prix was his first ranking win). ‘But my favourite of them all was the “No Smiling” clue which ironically always makes me smile.’ He also reckons his costume was a major help, as he was ‘massively’ nervous. ‘The feeling backstage before a performance was a really similar feeling to the one I used to get before going out for a World Championship final,’ Stephen shared. ‘I always felt physically sick, but once on stage the adrenalin kicked in and I was totally focused on remembering the lyrics, so the nerves completely disappeared. It was strangely enjoyable.’ Next Saturday, Knitting, Jellyfish, Otter, Phoenix, Fawn, Jacket Potato, Pigeon and Rhino will perform to confuse audiences once more. The Masked Singer airs Saturdays on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Masked Singer viewers convinced Fawn is Natalie or Nicole Appleton due to loads of All Saints clues MORE : The Masked Singer UK character Rhino was originally going to be a completely different animal 