This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. There are so many products that promise to tackle fine lines, puffiness and dark circles but how many of them back it up with thousands of customers sharing their glowing skin and reviews with pictures? Hemp skincare brand, Hey Bud, has a whole section dedicated to ‘before and afters’ that we can’t resist poring over – with their fans swapping tips and their thoughts on their favourite products. Now, Hey Bud has introduced the No Puff eye cream and while it’s a lightweight formula it’s designed to do some serious graft. It promises to help smooth around the eye area as well as help repair the visible impact of UV damage, blue light damage and tiredness. The punchy formula is based around the ultra-nourishing Hemp Seed Oil which boasts omega 3 and 6, as well as Vitamin E, Betaine and Soy Bean Oil, Green Tea and Caffeine that work well to plump and brighten the targeted area. The No Puff eye cream suitable for daily use. All you need to do is use on clean skin before applying your regular serum and moisturiser. Its loyal customers have only left five-star reviews after getting their hands on the new product. One wrote: ‘Product does exactly as described! Can’t remember the last time my skin has been this amazing!’ While another added: ‘Been hearing a lot about hey bud and decided to try it out myself and… IM OBSESSED . From the friendly customer service to the gorgeous packaging and product itself. The cream is perfect i have really sensitive skin which makes it hard to find the right skin care for me but this eye cream is light weight packed with goodness and only after 4 days of use i can see such a difference. Highly recommend!!’ The Hey Bud Eye Cream costs £26 and can be purchased directly via the Hey Bud website here. MORE : If you want to look and feel rich this luxe wrap will have everyone fooled MORE : This is why you should be using CBD oil if you suffer from acne