This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. With snow and ice on the cards, temperatures are plummeting – so why not paint your nails to match the weather? Last week, we gave you all the details on how to get Nicola Peltz Beckham’s blizzard nails, and this week it’s the turn of the South Korean beauty trend, cold girl nails. It’s an extension of the cold girl makeup trend which features blushed cheeks and reflective eyeshadow – now simply apply that aesthetic to your nails, and voila. Charlotte Knight, Founder and CEO of Ciaté London and Lottie London, said: ‘This winter we’re embracing the cold, and leaning into it for style inspiration. ‘Inspired by the blush nail trend that has arisen from Korea, the manicure sees a natural base colour with a brighter magenta blur in the centre. ‘It’s a minimal nail art that resembles the aura and ombre nail trends doing the rounds.’ If you’re not planning a trip to the salon and want a step-by-step on how to achieve the look at home, we’ve got you covered. Charlotte said: ‘The way to get the most natural flush in the centre of your nails is to grab your makeup bag and use a blusher, this gives you the most control to buff out the edge of your ombre and allow you to really build the colour up. ‘Start with a really natural, neutral base colour and apply all over your nails. ‘Then take your favourite blusher and a small, fluffy eyeshadow brush and begin to layer the colours to create a cloud of pink in the centre of the nail. ‘The most important final step is to seal all of this in with a top coat to not disturb your hard work.’ If you’re a bit more of a master when it comes to doing your own manis you could  try this method instead. ‘Another option, which is trickier, is to apply the brighter pink cloud with nail varnish and a sponge,’ said Charlotte. ‘To diffuse the colour out you need to do this by blotting with a sponge until the edge is blended and subtle.’ Match your cold girl mani to your cold girl fashion with your cold girl makeup for the ultimate winter look. Brrr. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Here’s how to re-create Nicola Peltz Beckham’s ‘blizzard nails’ MORE : Clothes designer makes adorable mini outfits and costumes for her bearded dragon MORE : Baked salad is popping off on TikTok – here’s what it is and how to give it a try