Venus is aligning with Saturn – which has different outcomes for different signs. Taurus – this could mean you need to adopt a no-nonsense approach to something, no matter how well you know those involved. Elsewhere for Cancer, with Venus aligning with Saturn in an intense zone, you may start to wonder where the sparkle went. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 22, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 A formal event may fill you with dread, even if you have promised to be there, especially as other influences suggest you’re in the mood for something zestier. If you make the effort to look your best and go along Aries, you could benefit in many ways. It might be a little too prim for your tastes, but the people you meet and the outcome, can be a source of golden opportunities. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 With lovely Venus aligning with sobering Saturn, you may need to adopt a no-nonsense approach to something, no matter how well you know those involved. Contemplating a project that requires you to take note of regulations and rules? If so, best go along with this for peace of mind, Taurus. And as Uranus redirects in your sign, a desire for change can become a reality. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The coming days can see you making a commitment to something or someone because you’re serious about it and want to get results. While this is a temporary aspect, it may plant the seed of a positive and focused plan. You could also doubt yourself or fear to move forward, when you’ll benefit from going ahead now. It’s time to be courageous, as you will only fail if you do nothing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Does your relationship feel like it needs a boost? With Venus aligning with Saturn in an intense zone, you may start to wonder where the sparkle went. Perhaps what you really need is a breakthrough, and a chance for you both to unleash your inner passion and feel more alive than you have in some time. This invitation to break with rigid ways is one to be accepted, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 With Venus linking to Saturn, intense feelings can take their toll and cause you to reassess a friendship or developing romance. Should you let your feelings show or hold back? It could be a dilemma. Thinking about it won’t help, but trusting your intuition will. And with restless Uranus turning direct in your career zone, you’ll be ready to embrace changes that are long overdue. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Have a lot on your plate? This is no time to be juggling your plans. The more you can cut back your to-do list, the easier life will be. If you feel you should do something and really don’t want to, then don’t be too rigid. You’ll find that by relaxing into the coming days, they could be so much more productive and satisfying. Enjoy some down time, as you’ll likely get more done. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 As delectable Venus, your personal planet, aligns with prudent Saturn, you may be tempted to put yourself last over coming days and to put others first. This could see you dashing around trying to juggle chores and tasks, and bending yourself into a pretzel to please everyone. Don’t even try! Instead, organize others to help, so that you too have time for all the things you love to do. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The Venus/Saturn merger could encourage you to look deeper into the cost of running your home. There may be ways to get better deals, if you seek them out. But even if there aren’t, this is a chance to let your ingenuity and resourcefulness come into their own. You’ll be ready to explore new methods that could lead to lower expenses. As you experiment, you’ll begin to thrive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Think carefully before promising anything, as you could come to regret it later. If you say yes, just to get into someone’s good books or to make an impression, be sure you are up for this, as the effort involved can soon wear thin. In fact, if you pile too much on your plate, current aspects suggest you might quickly lose interest Archer, and this may not go down well at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You’ll be more aware of the give and take involved in your interactions. While you’re being generous, others might hold back, and you could take this personally. It may be for reasons that have nothing to do with you and more to do with their personal situation, so don’t let it worry you. And as energizing Uranus pushes ahead from today, a new pastime may call out to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You might appear serious, but underneath you may be ready to make a radical move that can bring the joy flooding back into your life. As Venus links with sobering Saturn in your sign, perhaps you are involved in finalizing something and making it formal. This could be the gateway to freedom and something fresh. Change is in the air, and you’ll be so ready to embrace it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If an experience still bothers you, you’ll be ready to look at ways to tackle it and finally let it go. This could involve talking to a counsellor, therapist or life coach, who might assist you in seeing it from a different perspective. With a Venus/Saturn alignment in Aquarius, you may find it easier to see it from a detached viewpoint Pisces, which can bring significant and helpful insights. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 19, 2023 MORE : Your star sign’s Aquarius season tarot horoscope – be a world fixer MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 18, 2023