Countdown star Carol Vorderman isn’t a fan of Rishi Sunak’s plan for all pupils in England to study maths until they’re 18. In his first speech of 2023 yesterday – in the middle of a cost of living crisis and NHS emergency – the Prime Minister revealed his mission is to combat high rates of innumeracy in England. Some people aren’t happy, and one of those people is maths and TV icon Carol, who in recent weeks has been widely shared on Twitter for calling out the government’s shortcomings. Back in 2009, the Conservative Party asked Carol to lead a review into the teaching of maths in schools – and boy has this come back to bite them. The much loved ex-Countdown star, who, needless to say is adept at maths herself, gave Mr Sunak a piece of her mind on Nick Ferrari’s LBC show on Thursday. Carol, who stated she is ‘politically independent’ and that her interest lies with what is best for children, said listening to Mr Sunak’s speech made her wonder if she is living in a ‘parallel universe’. The new prime minister and his wife, Akshata Murty, have a combined fortune of £730m – which has worked against his image, with people asking whether he is in touch with real people’s struggles, especially in the current economic crisis. ‘People are suffering. I came from a very poor family – single parent, three kids – I was born in 1960 so I’m aged 62 now, and I was a free school meals kid all my life; I know how hard it is,’ Carol said. ‘He’s saying “Oh, my education was important”. Yes, it was important, you went to Winchester which is like Eton B, it’s a private school.’ She added: ‘Does he have any conception of what real people are having to go through and the lack of opportunities for children? ‘And the only way we can change this country is when children particularly are given equal opportunity. I am deeply passionate about it.’ So what’s the solution? Carol, mum-of-two, is all for a more ‘practical approach’ to maths, and believes not everyone should be forced into learning complicated equations when they are already ‘anxious’ about numbers in their early teens. As for Mr Sunak’s plan, the TV star thinks ‘the system is not working for that’. She said she thinks students are leaving the education system innumerate for a ‘host of reasons’, claiming: ‘I support teachers but in primary school, most teachers, almost all, gave up maths at 16 at GCSE level. ‘It’s a bit of an elephant in the room in education because they’re a bit fearful of teaching it.” She added that if students get to the age of 14 and are ‘anxious’ about numbers, she feels there is no point in teaching them more complex equations like trigonometry but rather the focus should be on practical skills. ‘Let’s just take a practical view and come up with something you don’t teach to the test, you can do it online, re-do it online, where you have a little video lesson and then you have a little test after so it’s like micro tests every day,’ she suggested. Carol wants to stop schools from obsessing over exams so much, saying: ‘They spend whole terms teaching how to answer a particular question which is set by an educationist, rather than the practicality about mortgages, about your salary, about tax, about all of those practical things that will help these kids as they get older,’ she said. After laying out her proposals, Carol concluded she will not work with Mr Sunak unless he provides more information on his own tax returns. Ouch. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Carol Vorderman reveals security measures on camping trip after obtaining restraining order against stalker MORE : The Chase’s Mark Labbett ‘rejected’ from Countdown because he was ‘cocky’