The first wave of Radio 1’s Big Weekend line-up has been announced, and there are some very familiar faces. Greg James has announced that the three-day music festival will be held in Dundee this year, and 80,000 fans are expected to descend on Camperdown Park on the last weekend of May. Dundee was due to host the Big Weekend in 2020 before plans were scuppered due to Covid, leaving many disappointed. But the festival is back in the venue, which hosted the event back in 2006, and its lineup is looking pretty exciting. Kicking off the UK’s festival season at Radio 1’s Big Weekend will be Arlo Parks, Anne-Marie, The 1975, Lewis Capaldi, One Direction’s Niall Horan, and Raye, with many more artists yet to be announced. It has not yet been announced when tickets will be released, or how much they could be, but last year the event sold all tickets through Ticketmaster, and they were gone within minutes. But historically those living in the host city get a head start, as last year when the event was held in Coventry, 60% of tickets were reserved for people with postcodes in the local area. Indeed, there isn’t even a special reserve for the likes of Lewis Capaldi, as he said: ‘I’m very excited to be playing in Dundee for Big Weekend, I never managed to get tickets last time so I’m very excited to be able to come along and enjoy it as well as playing.’ The 1975, who are currently in the middle of a wild UK tour, are excited for the festival too. ‘We are looking forward to seeing everyone in Dundee for our first outdoor show of the year!’ they said. Watch out Big Weekend revellers, because Lewis Capaldi and Matt Healy in one venue might prove eventful – to say the least – given their recent gigs, which have included Lewis wearing fan-thrown Y-fronts and a bra on stage, and Matt accosting fans in the audience and you know, sucking their thumbs. Radio 1 host Greg is particularly excited about the event after holidaying near Dundee in the summer and deciding he wanted to move there. He said: ‘We were gutted not to come to Dundee due to the pandemic so it’s massively exciting to finally fulfill our promise this year. ‘I was on holiday close to Dundee in the summer and decided I wanted to move there so doing Big Weekend nearby is just the first part of my cunning plan to get out of London. ‘I’m glad Radio 1 have fallen for it.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : 10 of the best music festivals in London for summer 2023 MORE : Travis Scott and 50 Cent to headline London’s Wireless festival in first cracking line-up 