Many parts of the public sector are walking out today, from ambulances in England to secondary school teachers in Scotland. Emergency services are once again striking across London, Yorkshire, the North West, North East and South West. The 24-hour strike, organised by the UK’s largest trade union, Unison, will see all ambulance employees (not just 999 response crews) walk out. Union leaders say today’s industrial action was a pointed response to the government’s ‘repeated refusal’ to increase wages amid the cost-of-living crisis. Teachers in Scotland are joining the picket lines today for the second day in a row and will do once more on January 16. Secondary schools will likely shutter today as Scotland’s largest teaching union, the Educational Institute of Scotland (EIS), hope to secure staff a 10% pay rise. Last-ditch talks between unions and the Scottish government failed on Monday to prevent a stoppage. Scottish teachers won’t be joined by their English and Welsh colleagues for now – but ballots by three education unions set to close next week could change all that. A ballot for NASUWT members in England and Wales closed Monday as educators consider their first strike since 2011 due to ‘dire’ real-terms pay cuts. Headteachers in England and Wales are eyeing up a strike too, with an NAHT vote closing today. While a ballot for the National Education Union ends Friday – if they give a strike the go-ahead, it’ll likely be staged on January 30. Two waves of strikes organised by the Public and Commercial Services Union (PCS), which represents civil servants, are also taking place today. First up are Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) staffers – the agency keeps up vehicle records, hands out registration certificates and issues refunds. Hundreds of PCS members at the DVLA’s Birmingham office and those working on medical applications at its Swansea HQ will strike for five days from Monday. The job action involves around 600 members who assess drivers’ medical conditions before giving them a driving licence. More than 300 PCS members of the Rural Payment Agency (RPA) are also taking action today and will do until Friday. The agency issues cheques to farmers, traders and landowners as well as schemes that support rural communities. This won’t be their first time – RPA staff also walked out January 3-6 over pay and flimsy job security. Labour actions have been gripping the country for months amid a seemingly never-ending cost-of-living crisis and a deepening recession. Many of their reasons are the same – what they see as low pay that has barely budged over the years, amounting to a real-terms pay cut. Rising food and fuel prices due to inflation – which now sits at an eye-watering 10.7% – are seen as reason enough for a sizeable pay rise by unions. Some public services such as the NHS say that the low pay comes on top of years of government underfunding, gutting services and prompting high staff turnover. But such demands come at a time when the Conservative government are holding a tight hand on the public purse. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak raised hopes that further health service stoppages could be averted yesterday. ‘We’ve always said we want to talk about things that are reasonable, affordable and responsible for the country,’ he told BBC One’s Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg show. ‘The government is keen to sit down with unions and make sure they understand where we’re coming from.’ Though he angered unions by proposing anti-strike laws last week that entered parliament yesterday. If passed, it would allow firms to sue unions for damages and sack workers if they don’t provide ‘minimum service levels’ by showing up for work. Travel union TSSA interim general secretary, Frank Ward said: ‘These plans are an affront to the British people because they will mean that when key workers democratically vote to strike they could be forced back to work and sacked if they don’t. ‘That’s wrong, unworkable, and almost certainly illegal.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.