Former President Donald Trump’s Facebook and Instagram accounts will be reinstated by Meta after a two-year suspension. Trump’s accounts will be back up ‘in the coming weeks’, Meta’s president of global affairs Nick Clegg said on Wednesday. The reinstatement will come with ‘new guardrails in place to deter repeat offenses’, Clegg said. ‘In the event that Mr Trump posts further violating content, the content will be removed and he will be suspended for between one month and two years, depending on the severity of the violation,’ stated Meta. If Trump makes a post in violation of Meta’s standards but within its ‘newsworthy content’ definition, meaning that public interest outweighs potential harm, the company could leave it up while restricting its reach. ‘As a general rule, we don’t want to get in the way of open, public and democratic debate on Meta’s platforms – especially in the context of elections in democratic societies like the United States,’ wrote Clegg in a blog post. ‘The public should be able to hear what their politicians are saying – the good, the bad and the ugly – so that they can make informed choices at the ballot box.’ Clegg told Axios: ‘We’ve always believed that Americans should be able to hear from the people who want to lead the country. We don’t want to stand in the way of that.’ A Trump spokesperson did not immediately comment on the development. Meta’s decision comes about a week after Trump’s campaign petitioned Meta to allow him back on the platforms. ‘We believe that the ban on President Trump’s account on Facebook has dramatically distorted and inhibited the public discourse,’ the Trump campaign wrote in a letter to Meta on January 17. Trump was banned on Facebook and Instagram the day after the January 6 Capitol riot. The social media giant said Trump broke its rules and suspended his accounts to prevent him from further inciting violence. The reinstatement will allow Trump to run campaign ads through his Facebook and Instagram accounts, on which he has 34million and 23million followers, respectively. Trump’s Twitter was recently restored, after Elon Musk’s takeover. He has not yet tweeted. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.