Prince Harry has shared details about his new book on a US TV show in a ‘revealing’ interview set to be aired on Sunday. Harry discussed his upcoming memoir, ‘Spare’, during a conversation with Anderson Cooper on CBS News’ 60 Minutes programme. The broadcaster has released a short trailer for the interview, describing it as ‘revealing’ and Harry’s biography, which comes out two days later, as ‘explosive’. Spare is expected to give details about disagreements between Harry, 38, and his brother the Prince of Wales, 40. It comes after sources have claimed Prince Harry’s ties with William are ‘hanging by a thread’ ahead of the publication of his tell-all memoir. MORE : Harry and William’s relationship ‘hangs by a thread’ ahead of tell-all book MORE : Meghan Markle ‘to release her own bombshell memoir’ after Prince Harry In another clip released today Harry is asked by Anderson Cooper about the criticism he has faced, surrounding claims that although he and Meghan moved to the US and wanted to step back, they have found themselves in the public eye more than ever. Harry said: ‘Every single time I tried to do it privately there are being briefings and leakings and planting of stories against me and my wife. ‘The family motto is never complain, never explain. But it’s just a motto.’ Ansderson asks him: ‘There’s a lot of complaining and a lot of explaining?’ ‘Endless’ Harry replies. He then goes on to say: ‘They will feed or have a conversation with the correspondent and that correspondent will literally be spoon-fed information and write that story. ‘And right at the bottom of it they will say they’ve reached out to the place for comment ‘ ‘But the whole story is Buckingham Palace commenting. MORE : Who is Anderson Cooper ahead of TV interview with Prince Harry? ‘So when we’re being told for the last six years we can’t put a statement out to protect you, but they do it for other members of the family. ‘There comes a point when silence is betrayal.’ It is claimed the tense relationship between the brothers is likely to be further damaged by attacks on the Prince of Wales and his wife Kate in the book, due out next week. The Duke of Sussex is expected to claim in ‘Spare’ how unfair it was that he was always forced to play ‘second fiddle’ to his older brother, who is the heir to the British throne. The memoir is said to be ‘tough on William’ and includes a description of a fight between the pair, as well as ‘a broadside’ against Kate. The book is due to be released on January 10. The Duke previously claimed in his Netflix documentary that William broke a promise to him never to leak stories or brief against one another after witnessing the fallout of such actions in their father’s office. The twenty second teaser clip shows the Duke walking through his home with Anderson Cooper before he sits down to talk about his new book. Harry looks relaxed as he chats to Cooper in a green jumper and shirt and dark grey trousers. Harry is also understood to have already recorded a TV interview about his biography with ITV News at Ten’s Tom Bradby, according to The Sun. Mr Bradby, a former royal correspondent for ITV, is a friend of the Sussexes and previously interviewed them for a documentary about their 2019 Africa tour Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.