The decision to appoint BBC Chairman Richard Sharp is set to be reviewed to ensure it was in line with the Government’s ‘code’. The Commissioner of Public Appointments William Shawcross said that he is to review the competition to appoint Mr Sharp. He said it is to ensure ‘the process was run in compliance with the Government’s governance code for public appointments’ Mr Sharp was appointed Chairman of the BBC in February 2021, and has a long career in banking. He worked at JP Morgan for eight years, and then for 23 years at Goldman Sachs. Sharp was an advisor to Boris Johnson during his tenure as London Mayor, and to Rishi Sunak as Chancellor. It comes after claims emerged Mr Sharp was involved in securing a loan of up to £800,000 for the then-prime minister Boris Johnson. Mr Shawcross said the review would ensure the process had been ‘run in compliance’ with government rules. Mr Sharp said he was not involved in any financial help for the ex-PM. According to The Sunday Times, Mr Sharp was involved in discussions about a loan worth up to £800,000 for Mr Johnson in late 2020. Mr Shawcross announced the review after being asked by Labour’s Shadow Culture Secretary Lucy Powell. He said: ‘The role of the commissioner is to oversee the public appointments process and ensure appointments are made fairly, openly and on merit. ‘I intend to review this competition to assure myself and the public that the process was run in compliance with the government’s governance code for public appointments, using my powers under the order in council 2019 and the governance code.’ He has asked for relevant documents from the Department for Media, Culture and Sport. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.