David Beckham and his youngest son Cruz represented their family at Marc Anthony and Nadia Ferreira’s wedding in Miami on Saturday. Marc, 54, and Nadia, 23, tied the knot at the Perez Art Museum and 47-year-old David and his 17-year-old son both opted for smart black suits and ties. They were seen heading into the venue over the weekend and once inside both chatted away to fellow guests and seemingly had a blast at the bash. Victoria was nowhere in sight, although the former Spice Girl confirmed on Saturday that she was in Miami when she posted a snap of herself, David and Cruz grabbing a bite to eat in the city. The Beckhams have been close friends with Marc for years and he is even godfather to budding singer Cruz. Marc’s wedding to Nadia marks the fourth time the singer has walked down the aisle. The hitmaker was married to Dayanara Torres between 2000 and 2004 and Shannon De Lima from 2014 to 2017. Most famously, though, the New York-born crooner wed Jennifer Lopez in 2004. They finalised their divorce in 2014 and share 14-year-old twins Emme and Max, who weren’t in attendance over the weekend. According to MailOnline, David was one of Marc’s best men on Saturday and other famous guests included Salma Hayek and Lin Manuel Miranda. Meanwhile, back over this side of the pond, the Beckhams recently upgraded their £6,000,000 Cotswolds mansion with an outdoor toilet. The famous duo reportedly installed the toilet so guests wouldn’t have to make the arduous walk inside. Apparently, the facility is near their lake which is located somewhere on the grounds of the eight-bedroom Chipping Norton mansion that the family bought in 2017. A source claimed the toilet was designed by an architect before being installed on the grounds. ‘David and Victoria love holding parties near their lake but it became tiring having to traipse back and forth to the house to use the loo when the drinks were flowing,’ they told The Sun. The former England football captain David and singer-turned-fashion designer Victoria, 48, are thought to have overhauled the Cotswolds property over the years and reportedly doubled its value. But their reported plans to build a wine cellar and sauna, as well as a ‘super garage’, gate house and lake were met with criticism by a neighbour who voiced their concerns in a lengthy email to the local council accusing the pair of trying to ‘bring suburbia into the countryside’ and destroying the surrounding landscape. The estate, which is close by to celebrity hangout Soho Farmhouse, is one of two UK homes the family own, the second of which is a £31m Holland Park townhouse in London. They also own a swanky apartment in Miami and a luxury superyacht. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice star Michelle Heaton told her young children ‘mummy was allergic to Prosecco’ to explain alcohol addiction MORE : Harry Styles tipped for Las Vegas residency and will be paid ‘bumper £40,000,000 fee’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 