British actor Julian Sands is reportedly missing following a hike in California last weekend. The 65-year-old, best known for starring in 1985 film A Room With A View, is said to be one of two hikers reported missing in California’s San Gabriel Mountains. Sands reportedly went missing sometime last week and his family made the report with police on Friday evening at approximately 7:30pm. It’s believed that severe weather on the mountain has proved challenging and air resources are limited. A police spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘On Friday, January 13, 2023, at about 7:30p.m., a hiker, identified as 65-year-old Julian Sands of North Hollywood, was reported missing in the Baldy Bowl area of Mt. Baldy. ‘Search and Rescue crews responded and began a search. Due to trail conditions and the risk of avalanche, the ground crews were pulled off the mountain on Saturday evening.’ They continued: ‘However, we continue to search by helicopter and drones when weather permits. We will schedule another ground search when the weather improves, and it is safe for our ground crews. ‘It is our recommendation that people stay away from that area.  It is extremely dangerous and even experienced hikers are getting in trouble. Forest Service is responsible for that area and we are working with them on that issue.’ A friend of Sands’, filmmaker Cassian Elwes, shared their concern for the actor and tweeted: ‘I’ve known since Friday that my friend Julian Sands has been missing on mt baldy. ‘I’m devastated. A very close family friend who was an adventurer in everything he did. I’ve said many prayers.’ In an Instagram post, the police department issued a warning to hikers about the ‘adverse’ and ‘extremely dangerous’ weather conditions, after Search and Rescue (SAR) teams responded to 14 rescue missions on Mt Baldy and the surrounding area over the past four weeks. ‘Winter Weather on Mt Baldy Makes for Dangerous Conditions; Hikers Urged to Think Twice and Heed Warnings,’ they wrote. Sands famously starred in A Room With A View alongside Helena Bonham Carter, Dame Judi Dench, Daniel Day-Lewis and Maggie Smith. The romantic drama followed Lucy Honeychurch (Bonham-Carter) as she shared a brief romance with George Emerson (Sands) in Florence. However, as she tried to move on with her life and look for marriage elsewhere, she struggled to forget the events of the summer. Sands has also appeared in several other films and TV shows, including Warlock, Leaving Las Vegas, 24, and Smallville. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Sands’ reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 