Good Morning America stars Amy Robach and TJ Holmes are exiting the network after the affair scandal, it has been revealed. The news anchors were spotted cuddling up together in New York, sparking speculation they were seeing one another, despite both being married. An investigation was then launched by ABC, with the duo being taken temporarily off-air after the news hit the headlines. Earlier today, it had been reported that Robach and Holmes were leaving the programme, with the broadcaster confirming the speculation was true. In a statement shared with Metro.co.uk, a rep for ABC said: ‘After several productive conversations with Amy Robach and TJ Holmes about different options, we all agreed it’s best for everyone that they move on from ABC News. ‘We recognize their talent and commitment over the years and are thankful for their contributions.’ When the images of them emerged in the Big Apple, Holmes, 45, filed for divorce from his wife Marilee Fiebig, whom he’d been married to for 12 years. Meanwhile, Robach married her husband Andrew Shue on her 37th birthday in February 2010 at a waterfront venue in New York City. She has been married twice, having first tied the knot with former baseball player Tim McIntosh in 1996. The couple welcomed two daughters: Ava in 2002 and Analise, who was born in 2006. She then filed for an uncontested divorce in 2008. It has been reported that Robach has ‘no regrets’ over the events, with an insider telling Us Weekly: ‘She’s in love.’ They added: ‘It’s not a fling and they are seriously in love. And they will be fully open about their relationship now.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adam Lambert claims ABC threatened him with lawsuit after same-sex kiss at American Music Awards in 2009 MORE : Alec Baldwin’s Match Game cancelled by ABC after months off-air  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 