This has got to be a contender for the UK’s shortest cycle lane. Residents and cyclists alike have been left confused by the road instalment, which has appeared in Birmingham and measures only seven feet long. It sits opposite an Aldi supermarket in the Stirchley area of the city and takes people barely a second to cycle through it. Birmingham City Council say it was installed to make the road safer for cyclists. Local to the area and mum-of-one Lauren Hastings, 32, said: ‘I couldn’t believe my eyes when I saw it, I thought the council must have had some paint left over. ‘It’s completely useless, how does it benefit cyclists at all? They would be on there for a split second before they are back on the road. ‘It is probably more dangerous as it sends them straight back into traffic. You’ve got to laugh in a way but it’s just stupid planning really. ‘It’s just pointless and a waste of money. I don’t get why they went to the bother of even doing it.’ Tom Ryan, from TaxPayers’ Alliance, agrees and said: ‘Opening up the road to cyclists is not a bad thing but taxpayers will see through this half-hearted effort.’ In response, Birmingham City Council denied the markings are a cycle lane but said they were for ‘formal transition purposes’ for cyclists exiting a nearby crossing. A council spokesperson said: ‘This isn’t a cycle lane it is just for transition purposes for cyclists getting off the Toucan crossing onto the carriageway. ‘There is a shared pedestrian and cycle route that connects to the River Rea route with two new Toucan crossings on Pershore Road and Hazelwell Street. ‘This carriageway marking provides the formal transition from the crossing or footway onto the carriageway.’ Birmingham is not the only city with tiny cycle lanes. A grandad launched a campaign in Harrow against a minuscule bus lane which has cost motorists £400,000 in fines. And in Nottinghamshire cyclists were left baffled when a 10-ft stretch of cycle lane was installed on a mini-roundabout. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.