Frankie had been very slow in meeting his milestones. He was slow to sit up, slow to support his own head and slow to talk. Mother and toddler groups are always such a competition of ‘my child did this for the first time’ and ‘oh, my child did that’. After a while, I couldn’t help but think ‘well, why isn’t my baby doing the same?’ However, slowly he always met them – just later than your typical child. We weren’t overly concerned for the first year or two, but when our friends’ babies were beginning to take their first steps, Frankie wasn’t showing any signs of walking at all. He just didn’t seem to have the strength and balance to do it. Once he hit two years old and still wasn’t walking, my husband and I decided to take action. We were referred to physio and after our first session were told that he could be hypermobile. ‘He’ll be able to walk,’ the professionals told us, ‘He could even be a good dancer one day with his loose joints.’ Our worries were eased. He was just overly flexible. But by age three, he still wasn’t walking and that’s when the physio told us that Frankie might have cerebral palsy. Their thoughts were confirmed by a neurologist we were referred to, who took one look at Frankie and said that he presented very classically as a child with cerebral palsy. To be sure, however, he decided to follow his diagnosis up with an MRI scan. With cerebral palsy, there tends to have been something at birth that has starved a baby of oxygen. Frankie was a planned C-section, with no issues at birth. Frankie’s MRI didn’t show any signs of scarring on his brain (the classic sign of cerebral palsy) and instead showed a general fading of white matter all over the brain. That’s when we were told that our toddler might have a leukodystrophy – a white matter disease. Leukodystrophies are rare, progressive, metabolic and genetic diseases that can affect the brain, spinal cord and often the peripheral nerves. Because the diseases are progressive, meaning they get worse over time, some children born with a form of leukodystrophy may initially seem fine. The doctors sent off for full genome sequencing and identified the gene that had mutated in Frankie and could identify what type of leukodystrophy he had. There are more than 50 different types, but they’re all very different in terms of progression and how early they show. Frankie was diagnosed with hypomyelination with atrophy of the basal ganglia and cerebellum (H-ABC) – a severe form of an incurable and life-threatening disease known as TUBB4a leukodystrophy. It was a massive shock and we were absolutely devastated. He was only four years old. We’d never heard of anything like this before. After Googling it for information, we discovered that if your child has leukodystrophy, they usually have just two years to live. That, however, was a worst case scenario, so we dug deeper into our research and found that the type of leukodystrophy that Frankie had was a slower condition. We found lots of medical papers and learnt that patients with H-ABC can develop seizures, muscle contractions, hearing and speech difficulties, and experience uncontrollable limb movements, while others who have developed motor skills in early childhood can regress. Babies and children who develop the disease often die by their late teens. It was horrifying to think of that future for our baby boy. Frankie is now seven years old and he hasn’t started deteriorating. If anything, he’s still progressing, but a day will come when things will start going downhill. He goes to mainstream school and uses a walker to help him move about. He’s out in the playground with his friends. His speech isn’t amazing, but we can understand him and he’s even learning to read. However, we were told there was nothing that could be done and to just enjoy our time with our son. But that wasn’t something we could just accept. Doing more research, we found that there was a hospital in Philadelphia where a doctor there had actually discovered what causes H-ABC and a team were working on a treatment for the disease. Such therapy covers up the mutated gene like a plaster by silencing the production of the toxic protein that causes the problems. The hope is that a child with H-ABC could have their deterioration stopped or, even better, regain some of their speech and mobility if they’ve started to lose it. Once we knew that there was someone out there working on it, we started to have hope. In the UK, three mums, myself included, set up a charity, The H-ABC Foundation, to help aid this research to potentially save our children’s lives. In a weird case of serendipity, one of the mums, Dr Michelle Teng, who has a child affected by H-ABC, is also a geneticist. She set up UK biotech company SynaptixBio with her colleague Dr Dan Williams, which is hoping to start clinical trials on the world’s first treatment for TUBB4a leukodystrophy in 2024. If the trial is successful, it’ll be rolled out so other people in the world can access it. Hopefully, Frankie will be a good candidate for this trial. All the parents I talk to are desperate to put their children on it. There are about 200 cases of TUBB4a leukodystrophy globally, but it is thought the prevalence is much higher due to misdiagnosis. There’s no guarantee it’ll work, but what other options do we have? We were very lucky in some ways. There are about 20 known cases of H-ABC in the UK, although this number is likely to be much higher, and the parent of one of these children just happened to be a geneticist. While we wait and hope for an option for Frankie, we’re focusing on what we can do now. It’s important to keep these children with H-ABC as healthy and strong as possible. We take him horse riding and swimming. He even gets Botox injected into his legs to help them to relax. If he loses his voice, reading could keep his world open and we’re looking at ways a computer at school can help. At the moment, everything is a therapy as opposed to a cure, but we remain hopeful. The earlier a child is diagnosed, the sooner they can be treated and have a better chance. With H-ABC, children who have it are often diagnosed with cerebral palsy as Frankie was. They don’t usually receive a correct diagnosis until they are a teenager who is deteriorating. If that child was diagnosed early and treated ASAP, they’d have a much better chance at a ‘normal’ life. It’s a tough balance. We don’t want to scare parents into thinking their child might not actually have cerebral palsy, but we also want people to make sure it is a definite diagnosis. Newborn screenings for conditions like this may be expensive, but not as expensive as funding the care of a late diagnosed child who could’ve been treated far sooner. It is humbling knowing that clinicians are dedicating their time and expertise to a disease that does not affect them personally, but that greatly affects my family’s life – and also knowing that without these doctors there would not be the chance of a future treatment. The more doctors understand about the condition, the better the diagnosis journey will be for future families and having disease information is crucial to move forward with any future treatment options. We’re constantly updated with how it’s going and maybe, just one day, if this trial is successful, parents who find themselves in the position we did won’t be told to ‘go away and enjoy your child’s limited time’ and will instead be able to look forward to a life with their child in it. As told to Dayna McAlpine Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Parents send £5,000 worth of gifts to hospital that treated late daughter MORE : Two lumps on my son’s arm were the sign of a dangerous and rare condition MORE : Locum doctors boast that they’re making £17,000 a month after quitting NHS