Another man and a woman have been arrested in connection with the cold-blooded murder of a beautician on Christmas Eve. Elle Edwards, 26, was shot in the head outside The Lighthouse in Wallasey, Wirral. Merseyside Police believe she was not the intended target of the shooting, which happened shortly before midnight as she celebrated with friends. Detectives have today arrested a 22-year-old man from Wirral on suspicion of her murder. A 23-year-old woman, also from Wirral, was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. Both have been taken to police stations for questioning. This brings the number of arrests in connection with her tragic death to five. On New Year’s Eve, a 31-year-old man, from Tranmere, was held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder but was later released pending further inquiries. Another Tranmere man, aged 30, was previously arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder, but has since been recalled to prison. A 19-year-old woman from Rock Ferry, who was held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder, was in turn released on bail. Detective superintendent Sue Coombs said about the latest round of arrests: ‘Although extensive work is going on from our teams across Merseyside Police and a great deal of intelligence has come in, I would still ask that anyone who has information and has yet to come forward, does so. ‘If they don’t want to speak to police directly then please get in touch with Crimestoppers where information can be given in confidence.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.