A shooting that took place outside a restaurant in Miami while French Montana was filming a music video has left around 10 people injured, it has been reported. On Thursday night, the incident reportedly took place outside of the eatery in south Florida. According to local news outlet 7News, Miami Gardens Police and Miami-Dade Fire Rescue units responded to reports of a shooting at the location just before 8pm local time. Miami Gardens Police Department detective Diana Gorgue said on the night: ‘We’re still working [the scene]. Yeah, there’s multiple shots, there’s multiple cases. We’re still working. We can’t confirm any numbers at this moment, because everything is still fresh, and they’re still investigating.’ However, the outlet picked up a first responder on radio transmissions saying that there were 10 victims, four of whom ‘brought themselves to the hospital’. Miami Gardens Police Chief Delma Noel-Pratt said: ‘We believe it’s an isolated incident,’ the Miami Herald reported. The police chief also said that investigators were assessing the reports that a music video was being filmed at the restaurant. Posts shared on social media reportedly showed rapper Rob49 and French Montana’s bodyguard being given aid by police after allegedly being among those injured. Police detective Gorgue also said at the time that while the condition of those injured was unknown, there were no fatalities. 7News stressed that there was no indication that Montana was among those who had been hurt in the shooting. A witness told CBS4 that the shooting reportedly took place during the filming for Montana’s music video, in the parking lot of a restaurant. The witness claimed to have heard between 10 to 15 gunshots before people started running. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for French Montana, Rob49 and the Miami Gardens Police Department for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alien Ant Farm singer charged after ‘forcing fan to touch crotch’ MORE : Kim Kardashian’s daughter North, nine, transforms into dad Kanye West using makeup  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 