DC Comics fans have been left rather stunned by a new storyline in which iconic Batman villain Joker becomes pregnant and gives birth in a, um, vivid way. The latest issue of Joker: The Man Who Stopped Laughing, #4, published on January 3, featured the plot twist that it’s safe to say no one quite saw coming. Written by Matthew Rosenberg and drawn by Francesco Francavilla, with lettering by Tom Napolitano, part of the latest edition shows Joker meeting potential love interest Zatanna in a special bonus story called Knocked Upside Down. However, he is cursed by the female superhero – who is not a fan of his flirtation – after a confrontation, where she unleashes a backwards spell, ‘On eno esle lliw reve evah ruoy ybab!’ (Take a minute.) He then wakes up shocked to be nine months pregnant and so heads to hospital to prepare to give birth. Once there though, he vomits up a mud creature that later morphs into a mini, child-sized doppelgänger of everyone’s favourite green-haired criminal. Of course, Joker is then instantly taken by his ‘handsome’ new child and their likeness. Conversation around the storyline started doing the rounds on social media shortly after the comic’s release, with some fans baffled by the direction while others defended it. One fan voiced her disappointment by tweeting a summary of the story, adding: ‘I don’t know how much longer I can do this…’ Meanwhile others slammed DC for ‘toxicity’ and being ‘woke’. However, plenty of readers came to the issue’s defence, pointing out that parts of the story had been misinterpreted – as well as the fact it’s not by any means the most unexpected thing to have happened in a DC comic book. ‘I don’t get everyone freaking out about the pregnant joker panel,’ tweeted one reader. ‘Y’all, try reading more comics I guarantee that’s not even the weirdest thing that happens this month…if not just this week lol [sic].’ Another added: ‘Comics aren’t dead because of a back-up Joker had a weird moment played for laughs. Sometimes a weird moment, is just a weird moment. Y’all would not have survived the Silver Age.’ Fans were also clearing up ways in which the story had been wrongly understood, branding it ‘misinformation’. Proclaiming that Joker hadn’t been portrayed as a transgender man, one fan explained: ‘A magical character named Zatanna (her) just placed a curse on Joker to make him pregnant. ‘I know y’all don’t read comics but that doesn’t mean we gotta [sic] spread misinformation. It’s magic so everyone chill with the “woke” complaining.’ Joker has previously been portrayed as a father in Injustice: Gods Among Us, where Harley Quinn reveals she has had Joker’s daughter but gave her up for adoption to protect her, according to IGN. The villain has been portrayed on screen many times, by actors including Jack Nicholson, Heath Ledger and Jared Leto. Joaquin Phoenix is returning to the role – for which he won an Oscar – to star in a musical sequel opposite Lady Gaga as Harley. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brad Pitt plans to ‘take step back’ from Hollywood after selling majority stake in production company MORE : Paris Hilton seemingly shuts down ‘ridiculous conspiracy theories’ over photoshopping Britney Spears into picture 