Anita Pointer, a member of Grammy-winning group The Pointer Sisters, has died at the age of 74. The singer, who was best known for hits such as I’m So Excited and Jump (For My Love), died on Saturday but a cause of death was not given. Her closest surviving family members – sister, Ruth, brothers Aaron and Fritz, and her granddaughter Roxie McKain Pointer – confirmed the news in a statement on New Year’s Day. They announced: ‘While we are deeply saddened by the loss of Anita, we are comforted in knowing she is now with her daughter, Jada, and her sisters June and Bonnie, and at peace. ‘She was the one that kept all of us close and together for so long. Her love of our family will live on in each of us. Please respect our privacy during this period of grief and loss. Heaven is a more loving beautiful place with Anita there.’ It comes two years after her sister Bonnie died aged 69 in June 2020. Anita was a founding member of The Pointer Sisters, but was forced to quit the R&B group due to unspecified health issues in 2015. The group, which rose to fame in the 1970s, consisted of Bonnie, Anita and their sisters June and Ruth. The Pointer Sisters hit the ground running when they debuted and enjoyed a number two hit with their cover of Bruce Springsteen’s Fire in 1978. They went on to release a string of hits throughout the 1980s, including He’s So Shy, Neutron Dance, Slow Hand and Jump (For My Love), which peaked at number three. Automatic, their popular 1984 single reached number five, while I’m So Excited, which featured Anita on lead vocals, peaked at number nine. The Pointer Sisters won three Grammys during their career, notably one in a country category for their 1974 song Fairytale, a rarity given the long-debated diversity issue within the genre. They were the first African-American group to ever perform at the Grand Ole Opry. Fairytale went on to become an even bigger hit when Elvis Presley released a cover version. Anita recorded her final song with sister Bonnie just months before the latter’s death. It was a tribute to their sister June, who died in 2006. Following Bonnie’s death two years ago, Anita paid tribute and said: ‘Bonnie was my best friend and we talked every day, we never had a fight in our life, I already miss her and I will see her again one day. ‘The Pointer Sisters would never have happened had it not been for Bonnie.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Pogues star Shane MacGowan confirms serious condition in New Year’s Eve video after hospitalisation MORE : From Jennifer Lopez to Lewis Capaldi and Zayn, the albums we’re looking forward to in 2023 