Love Island 2023 star Olivia Hawkins might have worked with Hollywood heavyweights including Daniel Craig and Jason Statham, but she promises she won’t be doing any name-dropping when she enters the villa. There isn’t long to go until the ITV2 series returns, with Maya Jama taking over the reins as the new host after her predecessor Laura Whitmore’s departure. One of the singletons who’s in South Africa hoping to find love is 27-year-old Olivia from Brighton, who works as a ring girl and an actor. Ahead of the launch show, Metro.co.uk and other media spoke to her about her hopes for the competition and her career in the real world, which involved featuring in the most recent Bond movie No Time To Die in a blink-and-you-miss-it moment. Speaking about her experience on the film, which marked Daniel’s final outing as 007, she said: ‘Obviously that’s one of my pinch me moments. That was amazing to work on that.’ Olivia also worked as a body double for actors Emma Watson and Michelle Keegan on various projects, and worked on an Acorn TV series called Queens of Mystery as a ‘trophy wife’. ‘I’ve been around some amazing people, and they’re all very lovely and very normal,’ she stated. Despite her past experience in showbiz, Olivia added: ‘I won’t be name-dropping. Obviously, I’ll let them know what my career is. But I don’t think I’ll be dropping any names.’ So no anecdotes about whether Daniel really likes his martini shaken, not stirred? Recalling what the Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery actor was like on set, she said: ‘Oh, amazing. he’s so professional and just so in the zone.’ Having also worked with The Italian Job star Jason on another production, she said of the tough-guy actor: ‘He’s amazing. Honestly, just like the most normal [10-minute] conversation, like about the weather… It was just so normal. He’s so down-to-earth and so friendly.’ When it comes to her hopes for Love Island, OIivia wants to find someone to forge a strong connection with, having never been in a long-term relationship before. ‘I’m 27 and I’ve never been in a relationship so I feel like now I’m really ready to settle down and hopefully find the love of my life,’ she shared. When addressing why she’s been single as of yet, she added: ‘Out of choice and maybe because in the past I’ve had commitment issues – but I’d say it’s mainly just the wrong boy, wrong time.’ Love Island launches on Monday at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2023 branded items including condoms and water bottles ‘go missing at sea’ MORE : Love Island: What are the contestants’ social media rules for the winter series? 