Witnesses heard loud screams in the middle of the night before a man was found dead in a flat in Bristol in the early hours of this morning. A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the man was discovered by police in Gatcombe Road, Bristol. Police were called at around 3am, after neighbours described hearing screams coming from the property, Bristol Live reports. One witness reportedly heard ‘screaming coming from the flats’ that was ‘really loud’ but ‘not unusual’. After looking out their window, the neighbour said they ‘couldn’t see anything, and it stopped but started again later’. The woman, who declined to be named, said her daughter was later woken by sirens. ‘I am in the front bedroom and heard all the sirens,’ the daughter said. ‘I went out to work at 5am and there were ambulances and paramedic responder cars all the way up the road. ‘It was like they had stopped their cars and jumped out and ran, they’d just left their cars’. Avon and Somerset Police released a statement shortly after midday and said they are still trying to locate the man’s next of kin. A spokesperson for the force said: ‘Detectives are investigating after a man died at a house in Bristol. ‘Emergency services were called to the address in Gatcombe Road just before 3am today, Monday 30 January. A man was found with injuries and sadly, despite treatment from the ambulance service, died at the scene. ‘Efforts to locate the man’s next of kin are ongoing as we look to inform them of his death as soon as we can. ‘A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody.’ Inspector Tola Munro added: ‘We’re working hard to establish the full circumstances which led to this man’s death and while our inquiry is at a very early stage, we’re confident this is an isolated incident between two people known to each other. ‘Specialist crime scene investigators will be carrying out a forensic examination of the property and a cordon will be in place while this is being done. ‘The community can expect to see an increased police presence in the area over the coming days while we complete the examination of the flat and other initial enquiries. ‘An incident of this nature is always shocking and I appreciate people may be worried by it. ‘Neighbourhood officers will be patrolling the area and anyone with concerns is encouraged to approach them.’ Anyone with information is asked to call 101 and give the reference 5223023066. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.