There is tie with Venus and Jupiter which could have a positive effect on your day. Gemini, you might be disillusioned with career progress so it could be the chance to look at other opportunities. Meanwhile, Cancer are you ready for romance? The delightful Venus/Jupiter tie might bring the realisation that you were made for each other. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 4, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 It’s midweek, and you could be lulled into a false sense of security as Venus makes a buoyant aspect. Today the tie with jubilant Jupiter peaks, which might encourage you to indulge. If you have the option of knuckling down and getting on with something important or doing something more interesting, you’ll go for the latter. Going to an event? Something good can come from it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may be eyeing up a bold move, but be sure it’s the right thing to do. The option of getting others on board seems good. And if they are the right match for your project, things could go very well. But with Neptune still in the picture, it’s wise not to make any promises or to have high expectations. There might be something you’ve missed, and it can be the spanner in the works. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Disillusioned with career progress? Today’s upbeat tie between Venus and Jupiter, is a chance to look at other opportunities. You’ll be keen to take an idea to the next level, even if it involves a learning curve. You’ll enjoy the challenge, and going for it could be the best thing you’ve done in a while. There’s no point in continuing with anything that isn’t working out for you, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You and another could click right away, and this can lead to positive plans. Ready for romance? The delightful Venus/Jupiter tie might bring the realisation that you were made for each other. And you may be ready to take the relationship further. Keen to do business? It could be a match made in heaven. If you’re hoping for success, keep your feet on the ground though. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Looking for that special person? An encounter today could leave you wondering if you’ve found them. You may get along so well, you’ll likely want to see each other again. It’s also a good day for social events and enjoying great company. Have something planned? It might be a ball, Leo. Keen to collaborate on an idea? It looks to be a good move, and one you won’t regret. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may be keen to get cracking on a creative project or showcase your talent. And yet there is a sense that progress is being made. Plus, an upbeat alignment could find you ready to lessen your carbon footprint and be more eco-minded regarding aspects of home and lifestyle. A philosophical Venus/Jupiter link suggests you’ll be very open to taking the ethical route, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Someone’s bold and fearless approach to life could be an inspiration, Libra. If they’re not a friend, then you may sincerely wish they were. Still, this is a good time to reach out and break the ice. You’ll be glad you did. With Venus aligning with Jupiter, there is also potential for romance. Whether you’re solo or already entangled, this is a great day for a very special date.  COPE Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 With Venus newly in your home zone, a desire to create harmony and even to beautify your place, may grow stronger. But a link with Jupiter in your lifestyle sector, suggests you might have some big ideas about changes you’d like to make. These can be reflected by alterations to your place that make life easier, more convenient or that add entertainment value for family and friends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You’ll be filled with energy and a love of life that radiates to those around you. With Venus aligning with your ruler Jupiter, you might experience a stroke of good fortune or find that a budding romance goes better than imagined. This is a time for positive encounters that can add something to your life. A conversation could leave you upbeat with hope for the future, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A desire to make someone happy could inspire you to give a gift, or do something for them that makes them smile. Venus’s heartfelt link with Jupiter highlights your compassionate side, so you might be ready to get involved with a charity, volunteer to assist others who can’t manage alone and generally spread goodwill. Plus, this is also a chance to do something nice for yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Don’t turn down an invite, as great things could happen if you show up. A warm and convivial tie involving Jupiter, suggests you’re about to get lucky. An encounter might throw up some wonderful ideas that promise much. There’s also a chance of romance, and it can turn out to be a real love adventure. This person may be an inspiration to you in so many ways, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If there’s one piece of advice to take to heart, it’s to trust your gut. A fortunate Venus/Jupiter tie suggests doing so could make a positive difference over the next day or so. Have an intuition to answer a job ad, showcase your work or connect with someone who has influence? Don’t wait around Pisces, just do it. Your dreams might be crucial, and may have good advice for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What’s in store for the year ahead? Your star sign’s 2023 tarot horoscope for love, work, money and more MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for December 25 to December 31 MORE : Mars retrograde slows everything down – your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the period