The next New Moon is on January 21, in the sign of Aquarius. New Moons are a time for activation, initiation, creation, and go-getting ambition. It’s time to make a start on new adventures, goals, projects, and activity. You are brimming with energy and enthusiasm; invest it wisely into something that will bring positive rewards. The New Moon in Aquarius empowers you with inventive and problem-solving skills and ideas. This is a time to get to the truth of your biggest issue, see it clearly and as it is, and tackle it. Think out of the box, progressively, in a new way and from a new angle. You can overcome anything right now, although it’s likely the answer will be something unexpected, so keep a very open mind. Let the tarot give you a nudge as to what issue you can bring this magical, imaginative energy to… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the New Moon in Aquarius: Ace of Swords Meaning: Consider what the most difficult or potentially conflict-causing conversation is that you need to have this month and plan it well right now. The New Moon is the right time to have this chat, to enter into it with an open mind and try to focus it on resolution, solutions and compromises that get you both out the other side quickly and in one piece, with progress made. Listen more than you talk (so choose your opening words carefully). But get it done because it will lead to a better place. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for the New Moon in Aquarius: Three of Coins Meaning: Promote yourself this New Moon. Put some inventive energy into sprucing your portfolio, your network, your social or professional media, your website or shopfront or CV… and sparkle! Let them come to you, but make sure they can see you, find you, and know you’re open for offers. The Three of Coins shows you’re in need of a new opportunity or input and if you showcase your strengths and talents it will catch the eye of someone with influence. Be all glowy and confident. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for the New Moon in Aquarius: Ace of Cups Meaning: You wish to rekindle your love life. This New Moon you can activate an imaginative plan to help reignite those flames of passion with your partner (with very little effort, as they are still as in love as they ever were…) or find a new love, if you’re single. The Ace of Cups shows now is the right time to focus on this. Be your fabulous, eccentric, unique and quirky self. Be creative. Don’t follow the crowd, dress like everyone else, or do the ‘norm’. Be different, it’s your specialty. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for the New Moon in Aquarius: Five of Coins Meaning: You nurture a longheld regret or grudge that actually only works its poison and negativity on yourself. All that angst just turns inwards and brings your mood and outlook down. The Five of Coins asks you to look again at this situation, see it with new or different eyes, get a fresh perspective, process the feelings, seek to move past it vs dwelling in it. The event is long gone. You can’t change it. Learn to put it away and get on with your future, because it’s bright. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for the New Moon in Aquarius: King of Coins Meaning: Leadership is in your blood, you were born to rule, have natural authority and come off as regal most of the time (when you’re not playing). The King of Coins sees you feeling frustrated that you can’t lead as you wish to right now and you want that role. Use this New Moon to come up with a new plan. Stop trying the same old tactics. Leaders are flexible, they adapt to the situation, so look again and change the strategy. You can crack this and get to be in the position you yearn for, but you need to be shrewd and savvy Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for the New Moon in Aquarius: Knight of Coins Meaning: You have been unsettled by changes or impacts on your sense of security – work-wise, at home, financially, or maybe all three. The Knight of Coins has you feeling defensive and protective. You are closing in and feeling a bit anxious about making decisions or changes. Virgo, seek professional advice or counsel from a wise friend. Look dispassionately at the situation. Weigh up your worries and mitigate them. Make a plan for winter, this New Moon, that gets you moving again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for the New Moon in Aquarius: The Star Meaning: You are sabotaging a dream of yours and you’re not even sure why. Maybe it’s fear that it won’t come true so you accelerate to that worst case scenario. Stop it! This New Moon, let yourself fall back in love with this goal, ambition, fantasy or dream. You deserve it. Believe in yourself and your ability to realise this wish. Reestablish your desire, then make an overt move in your dream’s direction and you will be amazed how quickly and how far you progress. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for the New Moon in Aquarius: The Chariot Meaning: The Chariot relates to transport, travel, journeys, holidays, travel, and location change. One of these things is under the spotlight right now and causing you a slight issue. Focus on your place and your means of moving around, focus on your travel ambitions. Look for the thing holding you back, or slowing you down, or keeping you stuck. Identify it, research it, come to a few options for unblocking it and discuss it with someone you trust. Pick an option and activate it this New Moon. Job done. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for the New Moon in Aquarius: Ten of Cups Meaning: Whatever has been acting like a fly in the ointment of your love life hopes and expectations, face into it and talk about it this New Moon, because you shouldn’t be enduring any setbacks or problems here – you are meant to be blessed in love. The Ten of Cups shows that you can, with compassion, understanding and a bit of creative thinking, get past any issues in your closest relationship right now. Talk about it. Act on what you learn. Get back to that loving feeling. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for the New Moon in Aquarius: The Wheel of Fortune Meaning: You know there’s going to be changes ahead and it makes you feel nervous. Don’t be nervous, Cap. Put that antsy energy into actually making a start on the list of changes yourself and get active, vs overthinking and spiralling into catastrophising. The Wheel of Fortune gives you a pass, this New Moon, to start the ball rolling and get what you want. Be the change you wish to see. Face into the issue you want a resolution for and make a move. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for the New Moon in Aquarius: King of Swords Meaning: You need to emotionally detach from something affecting your future prospects and see the long game. You’re all caught up in the here and now, and the noisy feelings surrounding this problem. Step back. Step away. Withdraw. Go up in your helicopter and see it all from above. The King of Swords is cool and logical, and you need to adopt that mindset here to come up with a cunning strategy to make the most of things and address the trickies. You can do this. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for the New Moon in Aquarius: Page of Swords Meaning: You have been blowing hot and cold about something (or someone) for so long now that you’re in danger of losing the whole option. Things don’t hang around forever. This New Moon, refocus on the on/off situation in your life and consciously decide whether you’re going to stick or twist. The Page of Swords gives you the green light to make a move (in whichever direction you decide upon). Just don’t procrastinate, dither or drift for any longer as you’re going in circles. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Chinese New Year 2023 zodiac horoscopes for each animal MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2023