Two Dachshunds and a Leonberger were reportedly among the eight dogs seized following a fatal attack in Surrey. Police were called to the remote Gravelly Hill in Caterham on Thursday afternoon where the 28-year-old woman, from London, died at the scene. A second woman, who is thought to have tried to help, needed treatment after suffering dog bites but has since been discharged from hospital. Eight dogs have been detained by officers and remain under the charge of the police. The 28-year-old had reportedly made efforts to protect nearby witnesses from the dogs, who were described as acting ‘like a pack of wolves’. A source told the Daily Mail: ‘There was no barking – just her screaming. She was being attacked, she was trying to sit up, but with the dogs around her and going for her arms she couldn’t do it. It was a frenzy. ‘Most of them may have been still on their leads. They were tangled round her, meaning she couldn’t stand.’ None of the dogs are a dangerous or banned breed, the newspaper reported. Instead, one is thought to be a Leonberger – a cross between a Newfoundland and a St Bernard – and two sausage dogs are also believed to be among the dogs detained by police. Two horse riders reportedly stumbled upon the attack as it was unfolding and tried to help – but were told to ‘go back, go back.’ A man at an address near the scene, who asked not to be named, told PA the beauty spot was very popular with dog walkers. ‘The dogs dispersed into different areas of the woods and the police helicopter was out looking for them,’ he said. Cordons on Gravelly Hill were lifted last night. Detective Inspector Josephine Horner, senior investigating officer for Surrey Police, said: ‘This is a tragic incident where a young woman has sadly lost her life. ‘Our thoughts remain with her family and friends and the family have asked that their privacy is respected at this difficult time. ‘Specialist teams have been carrying out forensic work at the scene but this has now been completed and the area has re-opened to the public. ‘I know this incident has caused real concerns locally and officers from the local neighbourhood team will be out in the area to provide reassurance for residents. ‘The investigation to establish the circumstances around this incident continue and I urge anyone with information who has not yet spoken to police to contact us.’ A post-mortem examination to establish the cause of the woman’s death will take place in the coming days. Her next of kin have been informed, and they are being supported by specialist officers. Surrey Police have been contacted by Metro.co.uk for comment on the breeds of the dogs detained. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.