Freddie Flintoff’s future on Top Gear hangs in the balance after sustaining injuries in a horror crash. It is thought the 45-year-old cricketer is considering quitting as host following the accident at the show’s test track at Dunsfold Aerodrome in Surrey in December. The father-of-four was airlifted to hospital for medical treatment after the accident, with his son, Corey, 16, later saying he was ‘lucky to be alive.’ His friend and fellow broadcaster Piers Morgan also said at the time he had been in a ‘pretty serious crash’ and suffered a ‘pretty nasty bang’. ‘I’m told he’s going to be OK which is great news,’ he told talkSPORT, adding: ‘He’s had surgery and is recovering now and we’ll have to wait and see.’ Friends of Flintoff have reportedly said he is now rethinking whether he will return to the BBC motoring series, which was previously hosted by Jeremy Clarkson. The Times reports that his pals have said the crash left him ‘psychologically traumatised,’ leaving him uncertain about resuming the gig. The BBC and government body, the Health and Safety Executive, both launched probes into the incident last year. A spokesperson for Top Gear confirmed the accident was being examined in December, but stressed that the correct precautions had been taken. A statement issued read: ‘Our primary concern is and has been for the welfare of Freddie – as well as the Top Gear team. All health and safety procedures were followed on site and the incident is now being fully investigated, in line with standard policy and practice December’s accident is not the first faced by Flintoff since he began working on the programme. In February 2019 the presenter was involved in a minor incident when he crashed into a market stall in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire. In September of the same year, he crashed again while driving a three-wheel vehicle at a reported speed of 124mph during filming for Top Gear at Elvington Airfield in Yorkshire, but walked away from the incident unharmed. Former Top Gear presenter Richard Hammond was involved in a serious crash at the same airfield in 2006, leaving him in a coma. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Flintoff and the BBC for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC addresses Freddie Flintoff horror crash after Top Gear star was ‘airlifted’ to hospital’ MORE : Top Gear ‘fully investigating’ horror car crash after Freddie Flintoff ‘airlifted’ to hospital 