An Oscar-winning actress and star of classic films like Mulholland Drive looked totally unrecognisable on the set of drama Feud. The icon in question swapped her usual sleek blonde bob for a greying bouffant, styled out with pearl earrings. The 54-year-old looked very retro chic in an oversized fur-lined brown coat and matching leather gloves. She also sported a white polo neck, wide-legged brown trousers and black platform shoes paired with what looks like a Chanel bag. Can you guess who the Hollywood actress is? It’s Naomi Watts, looking worlds away from herself on the New York set of Ryan Murphy’s drama, filming scenes for season 2. The Ring star portrays Barbara ‘Babe’ Paley, a former Vogue fashion editor who was married to CBS founder William S Paley. The second season focuses on Truman Capote, played by Tom Hollander, who stabs several of his pals and socialites in a brutal roman à clef short story called La Côte Basque 1965. Other cast members include Molly Ringwald, who portrays Johnny Carson’s second wife Joanne Carson, Calista Flockhart, Diane Lane and Chloë Sevigny. The first season of Feud followed the feud between Bette Davis (Susan Sarandon) and Joan Crawford (Jessica Lange), including their battles during the filming of What Ever Happened To Baby Jane?. Boasting an A-list cast, other stars included Alfred Molina as director Robert Aldrich, Stanley Tucci as Jack L. Warner, Judy Davis as Hedda Hopper, and Jackie Hoffman as Crawford’s housemaid Mamacita. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paris Hilton almost unrecognisable in black wig as she goes undercover to enjoy day at Disneyland MORE : Bradley Cooper looks unrecognisable as Leonard Bernstein as he directs on Central Park set of Maestro  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 