This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. It might be the time of year to wrap up warm in thick, cosy layers, but the next fashion trend to be gracing our wardrobes is all about showing some skin. Rita Ora stepped out in an almost completely see through dress for what would have been Elvis’ 88th birthday party this week. Reminding us of Kate Moss’ iconic ‘naked’ dress, it was an eye-catching statement, and one that might feel a little too ‘out there’ for us mere mortals. But think again. Farrah-May Archer Boadi, styling team lead at Stitch Fix UK told Metro.co.uk that there’s a way to make see-through more wearable. She explains: ‘See-through fabrics have the potential to create feminine looks with a cheeky, rebellious twist, or can simply be paired above other items to show just a hint of skin – as seen during the SS23 shows of Prada, Coperni and Valentino. ‘In short – sheer fabrics create a gorgeously ethereal, yet edgy aesthetic and are incredibly versatile, so you can make them work for you, whatever your style.’ But when a see-through dress isn’t quite office attire, how can you make sheer clothing wearable for day-to-day? Farrah-May says: ‘Styling sheer fabrics may feel daring to some, and may not feel like the most obvious everyday look, but I love incorporating these items into my clients’ wardrobes as they can be used in so many ways. ‘The simplest and most subtle way of adding a touch of sheer chic to your outfit is through layering – consider layering a sheer long-sleeved top over a bra or vest for a fresh take on your ‘jeans and a nice top’ evening go-to. ‘Or, layer a full-bodied sheer midi skirt over tights and boots, or trousers and heels  if you tend to embrace maximalism.’ And if that feels a bit too daunting right now, don’t forget about accessories. ‘Sheer items such as socks, knee-highs and tights can add a subtle touch of elegance to an otherwise simple outfit, for both day and night.’ Here are our top see-through picks to nail the trend. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Talk about Modern Love: 80s glam weddings are going to be big in 2023 MORE : Here’s how to re-create Nicola Peltz Beckham’s ‘blizzard nails’