Love Island may have to take a back seat as Netflix has just unveiled the ultimate dating show – with some very familiar faces. In Perfect Match, singletons who previously tried to find a long-term partner in some of the biggest unscripted programs, including Love Is Blind, The Ultimatum, Too Hot To Handle and The Circle, will be getting another chance. They will be shipped off to a stunning villa in paradise to find their most compatible partner – but only one couple can be named the ‘perfect match’ of the cast. However, there is a twist in proceedings as it will be up to the most ‘compatible’ couples to play matchmaker for their castmates, but will they be nice or savage? Love Is Blind stars Bartise Bowden, Shayne Jansen, Damian Powers, Lauren ‘LC’ Chamblin and Diamond Jack will be taking part beside Too Hot To Handle’s Francesca Farago, Izzy Fairthorne, Chase DeMoor, Georgia Hassarati and Chloe Veitch – who also competed in the Circle. She isn’t the only Circler taking part as Ines Tazi, from the French version, will be hoping for romance beside Selling Tampa stars Colony Reeves and Anne-Sophie Petit-Frere and The Ultimatum’s Zay Wilson. The Mole’s Dom Gabriel and Will Richardson will be rounding out the cast, with Twentysomethings’ Abbey Humphreys. Of course, Nick Lachey is there to help the gang on their way to true love. We can already predict drama… Thankfully, there isn’t long to wait as the first batch of four episodes will land on the platform on February 14 – basically the perfect Valentine’s Day plan. The official synopsis reads: ‘Perfect Match brings together the most famously single stars of Netflix’s unscripted series (Love Is Blind, The Ultimatum, Too Hot To Handle, The Mole and more) to a tropical paradise in an attempt to find love. ‘As they compete to form relationships, the most compatible couples will play matchmaker, breaking up other couples and sending them on dates with brand-new singles they’ll invite to the villa. ‘Will they create better matches, or will they create chaos? In this over-the-top journey of strategy and dating hosted by Nick Lachey, only one couple will be crowned the Perfect Match.’ Perfect Match premieres on Netflix on February 14. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : It’s Morphin’ Time! Original Power Rangers stars reunite for Netflix special to mark 30th anniversary MORE : Towie’s Danielle Armstrong ‘absolutely over the moon’ to expect second baby with husband Tommy Edney  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 