Love Island viewers are puzzled over the whereabouts of bombshell Ellie Spence after she failed to make her villa entrance. Fighting it out to become the first bombshell of the winter series, the public was asked whether they wanted to see Ellie or Tom Clare walk through the doors. It was ultimately decided by audience members that the semi-pro footballer Tom would be the chosen one to stir things up amongst contestants in the early days of the show. Tom instantly turned multiple heads and caused ructions when he recoupled with ring-girl Olivia Hawkins, stealing her from farmer Will Young. At the end of that episode, two more new faces were teased to viewers – Zara Lackenby-Brown and David Salako – as the next set of challenges to test the original couples. However, since falling short of the public vote, Ellie has been swept up in the whirlwind of bombshells past and fans are curious as to her whereabouts. Turning to Twitter for answers, one fan penned: ‘Sorry what happened to Ellie the bombshell????? [sic]’ while another fan questioned: ‘What happened to that Ellie who was an option for a bombshell? I would of thought she went in next [sic].’ Despite no mention on the show of her return, the budding reality star’s sister may have let the cat out of the bag. Ellie’s sister Hannah Spence dropped hints on social media that it may not be over for the 25-year-old singleton and she could still be on her way into the South African villa. Posting on Instagram Stories, the hopeful contestant’s sibling said: ‘Our Ellie didn’t win the vote but she has had the best people here still cheering her on which we have loved. ‘Thank you so much for every vote, share, comment and message supporting our Queen.’ The law firm business development executive has also yet to reactive her Instagram uploading which could mean she is in the wings ready and waiting. Her lack of social media presence is especially prevalent this year as islanders on the winter series must keep their accounts dormant while appearing on the ITV show. However, as the schedule moves forward ITV is yet to confirm any potential Ellie entrance but has since teased two new Australian bombshells ahead of Sunday night’s episode. Metro.co.uk contacted ITV for comment. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 