Tottenham’s bid to sign Sporting CP star Pedro Porro has fallen through after the Portuguese giants attempted to change terms of the deal. Wing-back Porro was poised to become Tottenham’s second signing of the January window following the arrival of Arnaut Danjuma, waving goodbye to fans in what was thought to be his final game for the club against Porto on Saturday. The 23-year-old had been told by Sporting president Frederico Varandas that he would be allowed to leave after that game – a 2-0 defeat in the Portuguese League Cup final. But according to The Athletic, the deal is now off after Sporting reneged on the terms of the proposed deal. Porro has a £39million release clause in his contract with Spurs agreeing a fee thought to be close to that amount last week. The Portugal international is said to have been left ‘distraught’ by the development which will serve as a major blow to Antonio Conte’s plans in north London. Reports in Portugal claim the deal has fallen through as Sporting are demanding the entire fee now be paid up front with Spurs initially agreeing to a structured deal. Sporting had lined up a move to sign former Arsenal star Hector Bellerin as Porro’s replacement. His arrival in north London would have also seen Tottenham allow Djed Spence to leave the club on loan amid interest from a number of Premier League sides. The full-back joined Spurs from Middlesbrough in the summer in a £20m deal but has made just six appearances, none of them starts, after Conte claimed he was a ‘club signing’, not his. With a deal for Porro thought to have been in the bag, Tottenham gave Spence the green light to leave on loan this month in order to help his development after a frustrating first-half of the 2022-23 season. The defender is not short of suitors, with reports suggesting that Leicester, Southampton, Crystal Palace and Brentford are all keen to sign him. Spence is also wanted abroad, with Bundesliga side Bayer Leverkusen said to be keeping tabs. MORE : Tottenham agree deal to sign Chelsea forward Jude Soonsup-Bell after rejecting Manchester City MORE : Tottenham submit £22m bid to sign Bayer Leverkusen centre-back Piero Hincapie For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 