A team of archaeologists have discovered eight ostrich eggs thought to be more than 7,500 years old buried in the desert in Israel. They were found buried deep beneath the sand next to an ancient fire pit in Negev. Ostriches used to roam in the area until they went extinct there in the 19th century. Lauren Davis, the Israel Antiquities Authority excavation director, said: ‘This is a very important find that, with the help of modern scientific methods, can teach us a lot about the nomadic people of the desert in ancient times.’ She added: ‘We found a campsite, which extends over about 200 sq m, that was used by the desert nomads since prehistoric times. ‘At the site we found burnt stones, flint and stone tools as well as pottery sherds, but the truly special find is this collection of ostrich eggs. ‘Although the nomads did not build permanent structures at this site, the finds allow us to feel their presence in the desert. ‘These campsites were quickly covered over by the dunes and were re-exposed with the sand movement over hundreds and thousands of years. ‘This fact explains the exceptional preservation of the eggs, allowing us a glimpse into the lives of the nomads who roamed the desert in ancient times.’ Dr Amir Gorzalczany, from the Israel Antiquities Authority, said: ‘We find ostrich eggs in archaeological sites in funerary contexts, and as luxury items and water-canteens. ‘Naturally, they were used as a source of food, one ostrich egg has the nutritional value of about 25 normal chicken eggs. ‘There is sometimes even evidence of decorating and incising on ostrich eggs, showing their use as decorative items. ‘It is interesting, that whilst ostrich eggs are not uncommon in excavations, the bones of the large bird are not found. ‘This may indicate that in the ancient world, people avoided tackling the ostrich and were content with collecting their eggs.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.