Priscilla Presley has opened up about grief following the death of her daughter Lisa Marie Presley as she thanks her fans for their continued well-wishers. Elvis Presley’s only daughter died aged 54 on January 12 shortly after she was taken to hospital and was laid to rest at her father’s Graceland mansion on Sunday. Following the memorial, which was attended by friends including the Duchess of York and Elvis star Austin Butler, Priscilla shared a heartfelt message with her followers, saying she had been ‘touched’. On Friday, the US actress posted another tweet in which she said she was ‘truly overwhelmed with your words, your prayers, your love and your support.’ She continued: ‘Thank you from the bottom of my heart in trying to help me get through this loss. The 77-year-old also made reference to grief, writing: ‘Every parent who has lost a daughter or son knows what a dark painstaking journey it is.’ She had previously shared on Twitter: ‘Thank you all for your condolences, you have touched me with your words. ‘It has been a very difficult time but just knowing your love is out there makes a difference.’ At the memorial, it was revealed that Presley was a grandmother to a baby girl after her daughter Riley Keough secretly welcomed her own daughter. Presley was remembered as Memphis’s ‘precious jewel’, with her mother reading out poems written by the late star’s children. ‘Lisa Marie Presley was an icon, a role model, a superhero to many people all over the world,’ she said. Presley was the mother of four children, 14-year-old twins, Finley and Harper Vivienne, with guitarist Michael Lockwood, Riley Keough, 33, and Benjamin Keough, who died by suicide in July 2020, aged 27. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Priscilla Presley ‘touched’ by outpouring of love following Lisa Marie Presley’s public memorial MORE : Austin Butler brands Oscar nomination ‘bittersweet’ following Lisa Marie Presley’s death: ‘This is for her’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 