Nobody will be prosecuted over a reported dog attack in Surrey Police that left a woman dead. The 28-year-old is thought to have been walking a number of dogs when she was set upon at at Gravelly Hill in Caterham on January 12. The woman, who has not yet been named by police, was later pronounced dead at the scene. The eight dogs involved in the incident continue to be held for forensic tests but police said it has been confirmed none are banned breeds. Detective Inspector Josephine Horner, of Surrey Police, said: ‘This is a tragic incident in which a young woman lost her life. ‘I know it has caused real concern locally and I thank the community for bearing with us whilst we conducted our inquiries. ‘The criminal investigation has now concluded and the information we have gathered will be passed to the Surrey Coroner to assist in the coronial process. ‘The dogs continue to be cared for at private kennels to ensure their welfare and their owners are being kept informed. ‘We appreciate this is a difficult and uncertain process for them as the forensic work continues.’ An 11-stone Leonberger named Shiva is said to be amongst eight dogs taken into police care following the horrifying incident, which left another woman injured. It remains unclear whether Shiva was one of the dogs that attacked the 28-year-old – with eyewitnesses claiming at least four of the eight targeted the victim. The family of the woman said in a statement: ‘This is an extremely difficult time for us and as well as dealing with this sudden loss in our family, the significant level of media interest and the graphic nature of some of the reporting, has been a source of additional distress. ‘We continue to appeal for our privacy to be respected during our time of grief.’ In an update last Tuesday, Surrey Police said that both a forensic pathologist and a veterinary pathologist have been drafted in to determine what happened. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.