Clare Drakeford, the wife of Wales’s First Minister Mark Drakeford, has died suddenly. The Welsh Government announced the news this afternoon. A spokesperson said: ‘It is with deep sadness that we confirm the sudden passing of Clare Drakeford, wife of the First Minister. ‘The thoughts of everyone in the Welsh Government are with the family at this time and we ask that their privacy is respected.’ Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said in a statement: ‘On behalf of the whole Labour Party, I send our deepest condolences to Mark and all the family. ‘I know just how close they were as a couple, and I can only imagine the sense of loss Mark and the whole family are feeling.’ First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon tweeted: ‘My thoughts are with Mark and his family at this terribly sad time. ‘On the occasions I met Clare it was obvious how strong the bond between her and Mark was, and I can only imagine the depth of grief he is feeling. ‘Sending him love and strength.’ The couple have three children together and kept much of their personal live private. In February 2021, Mr Drakeford had revealed he had been separated from his ‘vulnerable’ wife for most of 2020 in order to keep her safe. Mr Drakeford went on to share details of their touching reunion once the spread of the virus had eased. He had told ITV Wales: ‘It is a bit emotional. ‘I’ve been married for a very long time and not to be in the house and to be at a physical distance, even though we saw each other every day and talked every day, it was a puzzling experience in that sort of way and for that to be over it is a bit emotional for everybody.’ Mr Drakeford has been First Minister of Wales since 2018. Adam Price, leader of Plaid Cymru, tweeted: ‘My heart is absolutely breaking for @PrifWeinidog after hearing of the sudden passing of his wife, Clare Drakeford. ‘I know how close you were and there are no words to describe the pain you must be feeling. My thoughts are with you and your family. We’re all here for you Mark.’ Welsh Conservatives leader Andrew RT Davies added: ‘My thoughts and prayers are with Mark Drakeford and his family at this exceptionally difficult time. ‘On the occasions I met Clare, she was always a lovely lady and was very warm and kind. I’m shocked and deeply saddened to hear of her passing.’ Sinn Fein’s Michelle O’Neill sent her condolences to Mr Drakeford and his family. ‘My thoughts and prayers are with him and his family as they mourn their loss and come to terms with their grief,’ she tweeted. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.