The Netflix drama-grade mystery of a woman claiming to see her deceased husband in a curry house has been solved. Lucy Watson insisted that she spotted Harry Doherty, who died in 2014, in a short video advertising the Spice Cottage in West Sussex earlier this month. The footage captured a man tucking into a chicken korma in the Westbourne restaurant. Despite Spice Cottage stressing that the social media video was shot earlier this month, Lucy said she had ‘no doubt’ Harry was on the clip. Lucy, 59, commented on Facebook: ‘How old is the footage? My late husband and his son are on the first shot and he died in 2014??’ But it turns out this was nothing more than a jump scare for the retiree, as fellow retiree Alan Harding has unmasked himself as the would-be spectre. Alan, 67, told MailOnline the video took place as he grabbed a bite with a friend visiting from Essex. ‘I guess I am the ghost,’ Alan said. ‘It is just unbelievable how many people from around the world have read about this. ‘I had no idea until a friend of mine called to say he had read about the ghost diner and thought it looked like me. ‘I saw the video and, of course, recognised myself and my friend Kevin Parsons. It is all quite funny, but I am definitely very much alive.’ Alan, a former IT worker living in Emsworth, said he swings by the Spice Cottage about half a dozen times a year. In a tongue-in-cheek Facebook post yesterday, Spice Cottage said it has a ‘ghee mattar we would like to close’. Sharing a photo of restaurant owner Rofiqul Islam and Alan, Spice Cottage said: ‘The photo below is our customer that was captured in one of our recent promo video. ‘We can confirm he is not Lucy’s husband. ‘As much as we wish our curries bring people out of kormas, unfortunately, this was not the case. ‘Our video has spread through all corners of the world, and it has been a pleasure of meeting the customers who have cumin this week! ‘If you are ever in the village of Westbourne, please pop in, there’s never a dhall moment in our restaurant.’ Alan said he brought his friend Kevin to Spice Cottage as it’s his go-to local. ‘I do remember seeing them film in the restaurant but thought nothing of it,’ he added. ‘I guess some people really wanted it to be a ghost but sadly not to be.’ Speaking with the MailOnline last week, Lucy said her husband Harry, who was a decorated reporter and music journalist, passed away in 2014. ‘The moment I saw the thing I thought, “Oh my God – that’s Harry”. It was so instant. I didn’t even have to think,’ she said. ‘He’d be eating a chicken korma because that’s all he ever ate. ‘There was no doubt in my mind it was my husband. I couldn’t pause the thing so I had to replay it about 30 times and each time I was surer and surer.’ As much as the spooky saga brought a chuckle to Spice Cottage customers and social media sleuths, Facebook user Heather Powell came with a reminder. ‘I feel bad for the lady,’ she commented under the restaurant’s post yesterday. ‘I know what it’s like to lose the love of your life.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.