Love Island has unveiled the cast for their winter series, which will see this year’s singletons move into a brand new villa in South Africa. And it’s not just a new villa and new Islanders we’re being introduced to this year, as Maya Jama will be taking over the reigns from previous host Laura Whitmore. Ahead of the new series, Maya says: ‘I’m a massive fan, I’ve watched pretty much all of the series. I’ve tried not to do too much research because you want to still be yourself, don’t you. ‘You want to ask all the questions you want to know, but as a fan of the show, I feel like I’m going to approach it how I’ve screamed at the telly for years.’ She added: ‘I’m just going to be like, “Why did you kiss her and what happened then?!” But we’ll see.’ Get ready to meet your new obsessions, as the Love Island cast of winter 2023 are here… Haris is 21 years old. Haris works as a TV salesman. You can follow Haris at @haris_namanii. Haris Namani from Doncaster says he hopes Love Island will help him ‘find love’ as he’s never found it on his own. He says: ‘I’m different, I’m a unique guy, the way I act; confident, not awkward, especially with the girls. I’m friendly, I’m very respectful as well. ‘Anyone who meets me, I don’t think they have anything bad to say about me. I don’t give them that bad impression to say, “Oh, I don’t want to speak to him again.”‘ Haris admits he has never take a girl home and would never say he’d fallen in love until he’d taken her to meet his family. Olivia is 27 years old. Olivia works as a ring girl and actress. You can follow Olivia at @livhawkinss. Olivia Hawkins from Brighton says she is ‘ready to settle down’ after never being in a relationship, saying she wants to find the love of her life. The actress has been a body double for Michelle Keegan and Emma Watson, a ring girl for KSI and even played a waitress in a James Bond movie. But her claim to fame is being in a film with Jason Statham where they ‘had a nice 10-minute convo about life.’ She says she will bring ‘fun, vibes and maybe a little bit of drama’ to the Love Island villa, adding: ‘I’m a very confident, bubbly person.’ Shaq is 24 years old. Shaq works as an airport security officer. You can follow Shaq at @shaq24s_. Shaq Muhammad from London is entering the Love Island villa to find himself a wife, saying: ‘The person I hope to marry one day. Hopefully she’s in the Villa.’ He adds: ‘I haven’t had the best luck with previous relationships. So I thought, why not be in the sun and potentially meet the love of my life? Hopefully I do come out with my future wife.’ Shaq admits he is ‘the type of person that wears my heart on my sleeve,’ adding: ‘If I find someone I click with, I fall very hard, very fast. Sometimes that can be a bad thing. I’m a very emotional person. It can be a blessing and a curse.’ In fact, Shaq is so emotional he says he cries every time he watches Dear John. Tanyel is 26 years old. Tanyel works as a hair stylist. You can follow Tanyel at @tanyelrevan. Tanyel Revan from North London says she’s ‘hard to get, confident, funny, charismatic, good looking and happy.’ Echoing former Islander Georgia Steel, she adds: ‘I’m also a very loyal person, what is there not to love?’ She says her celebrity crush is Channing Tatum, but insists she doesn’t like ‘pretty boys’. ‘They give me the ‘ick’ because they always have a crap personality. Channing Tatum is handsome but not too pretty. ‘He’s manly and he can dance. If a man can dance I’m in love with him straight away,’ she continues. Will is 23 years old. Will works as a farmer. You can follow Will at @farmer_will_. No, not that Will Young. The farmer from Buckinghamshire says being a farm means it’s ‘been quite difficult juggling relationships and work.’ He says: ‘Love Island will give me time away from the farm to solely go out and find love. I think I’m at the time of my life where I’m mature enough to go and find a wife.’ Despite him being 73 years his senior, Will hopes that Sir David Attenborough will play him in the movie of his life. ‘Imagine hearing his calming voice talking while he’s feeding the animals, his top off, some short shorts… he would rock it,’ he added. Anna-May is 20 years old. Anna-May works as a payroll administrator. You can follow Anna-May at @annamayrobey. Anna-May Robey from Swansea says she wants to ‘find someone who makes me laugh.’ She says: ‘I’ve been single for quite a while, my mother is bugging me, she’s like, “You need to find a boyfriend.” ‘I’m just excited to try something new and I think going on Love Island is a good way to meet someone.’ Anna-May says her friends and family would describe her as ‘energetic’, explaining: ‘I’m always running around singing and screaming. My parents are always like, “Shut up!”‘ Ron is 25 years old. Ron is a financial advisor. You can follow Ron at @ronhall__. Ron Hall from Essex is Love Island’s first ever partially sighted contestant, being blind in one eye. He says of his loss of sight: ‘It was the result of a football injury when I was 8; I went in for a header and got kicked in the face. ‘I’ve got two different coloured eyes, one blue and one green. It’s added to my character, there are so many people that are worse off than me. And if anything, losing something like that makes you realise that.’ ‘It’s not hindered me in any shape or form. It’s a good conversation starter I must admit.’ Ron says he will bring ‘fun and charisma’ to the villa, adding: ‘I just want to be naturally myself in there, have good times and make memories. I think people will enjoy my company.’ Lana is 25 years old. Lana works as a make-up artist. You can follow Lana at @lanajenkinss. Lana Jenkins from Luton has admitted to ‘falling in love quickly’ and has even told people she loves them within a week. She says: ‘I tend to know quite soon if I could fall in love with that person and then, as long as everything is going well, I’ll probably tell them I love them in about a week.’ But, she warns that the men in the villa had better watch their step, as she says: “If I see a guy trip over, that’s an instant turn off.’ Eagle-eyed viewers may recognise Lana she was an extra on Benidorm at the age of six. Kai is 24 years old. Kai works as a science and PE teacher. You can follow Kai at @kaifagan_. Kai Fagan from Manchester says he is ‘single by choice’ and ‘looking for the right girl’ but warns he has ‘high expectations’ when it comes to looking for a partner. He says: ‘I don’t feel I should commit to someone unless I’m absolutely buzzing over them, because it’s not fair on them.’ Kai thinks he friends and family would describe him as ‘chilled, caring, very impulsive and a good guy,’ adding: ‘I always put my friends and family first and spend a lot of time with them. ‘I’m a Jamaican citizen. Because of that I played rugby 7s for Jamaica. I play semi-professional rugby now for Burnage RFC. I’ve technically got three different degrees and went to three different unis,’ he says. Tanya is 22 years old. Tanya is a biomedical science student and influencer. You can follow Tanya at @talkswithtt_. Tanya Manhenga from Liverpool says guys that don’t wear socks in the house are her biggest ick. She says: ‘Why are your feet flapping all around the house? Guys have huge feet too, yuck. Also, guys in the bathtub with no bubbles, such an ick, no.’ Tanya is looking for a boyfriend and claims ‘being in a Villa with lots of different people will help me work out who it is I may want.’ She has Vitiligo, a skin pigmentation, but says viewers might not even notice it, saying: ‘It’s on my lip and I have a stripe on my hair. Not many people know that but I think it’s quite cute.’ Love Island starts at 9pm on Monday January 16 on ITV2 and ITVX Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Winter Love Island 2023: Everything we know about the series so far MORE : Maya Jama lands in South Africa ahead of Love Island presenting debut 