King Charles will extend an invite to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for his coronation, but it’s expected the couple will ‘find a reason not to go’, according to a new report. It would be ‘very hard’ for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to attend on May 6 after a string of accusations were made in his new book Spare, a royal source has reportedly said. It’s understood the pair have already been written out of any formal role they may have had. An ‘insider’ told The Independent: ‘The King does not expect them to be at the coronation. ‘The family will extend the invitation but it would be very hard for Harry and Meghan to be there given everything that has been said in the interviews and the book. The family expects Harry and Meghan to find a reason not to be there.’ It comes after claims that Harry’s family believes he has been effectively ‘kidnapped by a cult of psychotherapy and Meghan’. The duke has refused to say if he would join his family at the historic event, adding that he needs ‘accountability’ to ever have ‘peace’ with them. ‘I don’t think that we can ever have peace with my family unless the truth is out there’, he told ABC’s Good Morning America. ‘There’s a lot that I can forgive, but there needs to be conversations in order for reconciliation, and part of that has to be accountability.’ Speaking to ITV’s Tom Brady, he added: ‘There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court.’ In Spare, Harry alleges that the Prince of Wales physically attacked him in a row over Meghan. He also reveals texts showing a tense exchange between Meghan and the Princess of Wales over a bridesmaid dress. King Charles didn’t hug his then-12-year-old son after telling him his mother Princess Diana had died in a car accident in Paris, it’s claimed. Speaking about his stepmother Camilla, Harry claimed she ‘sacrificed me on her personal PR altar’ to ‘rehabilitate her image as a villain’, after Diana famously referred to her as the ‘third person’ in her marriage. Buckingham Palace has refused to comment on the book. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.