Lewis Capaldi’s 2023 didn’t get off to the best start, with the 26-year-old hit-maker revealing he’d been mistaken for fellow Scottish singer Susan Boyle… who just so happens to be 61. On New Year’s Day, Lewis responded to a fan who remarked that their dad been quite confused and got him mixed up with the Britain’s Got Talent star. Lewis said in response: ‘I dreamed a dream that ppl stopped telling me I looked like women in their 60s.’ [sic] The singer could be heard sighing over his track Pointless, which soundtracked his typically bantery TikTok clip. Holding his head in his hands, Lewis responded to a comment that read: ‘Lewis, my dad saw you on TV and thought you were Susan Boyle.’ It’s not the first time the Someone Like You crooner has been mistaken for an older woman. Back in September, another social media user pointed out that Lewis looked a lot like Liz Truss, prompting the star to write on Twitter: ‘Why do I look like so many female politicians?’ He was likely referring to the fact that two years prior, another of his fans tweeted side-by-side photos of Lewis and Angela Merkel, pointing out the rather uncanny similarities. Lewis is known for his candid relationship with fans, and just last month explained why he made the decision to share his Tourette’s diagnosis with them. He initially told fans he had the condition – which causes involuntary movements and sounds – six months after his March diagnosis. But ahead of Christmas, the chart-topper explained the decision to speak up on Instagram was sparked when he started ‘twitching a wee bit on stage’  in summer. ‘I was like, “Yeah, I’ve got Tourette’s. Don’t worry about it”,’ he said. ‘And then it became this thing. If something’s going on with me, I’ll share it with the room. [It] makes me feel better to share.’ He explained: ‘The movements are more exaggerated now. So, I do my neck cracks a lot; I, kind of, lift my left shoulder up, my face moves a bit and I do these deep breaths. ‘I can see… micro versions of them in interviews that I’ve done in the past. I think I’ve always done this stuff.’ Lewis added that his diagnosis ‘was a shock but it was also like, “Oh, that explains so much of my life.”’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Miley Cyrus will release her first single in over a year this month meaning 2023 has started swimmingly MORE : Lena Dunham is ‘so f***ing sick’ of the pressure to keep ‘trying to be better’: ‘New year, same me’ 