Welcome to awards season 2023, darlings. With the 80th annual Golden Globes, the celebs got to set the standard for fashion for the year ahead, and we were not left wanting. So, without further ado, here’s a list of our five favourite stand-out trends from the red carpet. We very much enjoyed all the gold gowns hitting the red (grey?) carpet this year. From Amelia Dimoldenberg’s midriff-peek-a-boo number (more on that later) to Bailey Bass’s stunning filigree moment, the little gold dress is at the top of our shopping list for 2023. It’s such a great way to command attention the second you enter a room. The likes of Jenna Ortega, Anya Taylor-Joy, Ayo Edebiri, Amelia Dimoldenberg, and Lily James all had varying degrees of belly on show, and we’re all about it. Of course, baring all or part of your middle on a red carpet is nothing new, but the variety of silhouettes on the carpet this year is definitely worth noting, because it shows there are so many ways to dress the style up or down to your liking. On the one hand you’ve got Anya’s more minimal ensemble, with clean, chic lines. On the other, you’ve got bigger moments like Lily’s and Ayo’s, with gloves, accentuated shoulders and layer after layer of fabulous fabric. It’s Jenna Ortega’s world, we’re just living in it. From her luscious pleated gown that perfectly balances chic with sexy to that shaggy bob, her look was everything. Shaggy hairstyles have been big for years now, in part probably due to the lockdowns that suddenly forced to let their hair grow out of more precise styles. Jenna’s rendition is a particularly appealing blend of casual shag and stylised 60s flicked bob. It’s giving The Rachel, but updated for 2023, and we can’t get enough. The Golden Globes red carpet saw its fair share of pastels – especially pink. It seems the celebs are ready for spring a little early, and honestly, why not? Pink has always occupied a fun and fabulous space in the fashion world, and with the highly anticipated Barbie movie just around the corner, we’re probably going to see a lot more of it this year. How do you make black pop on camera? Make sure it sparkles, of course. Jennifer Coolidge and Nicole Byer wore two of the standout dresses of the night for us. Nicole’s gown and gloves look in particular made our jaws hit the floor. Perfection. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Golden Globes 2023 winners: How to watch The Banshees of Inisherin, The Fabelmans, Elvis, and Tár MORE : Golden Globes viewers fawn over moment Colin Farrell ‘leapt’ out of seat to help Jennifer Coolidge to stage: ‘He’s such a real one’ MORE : The future of fashion: Experts predict sci-fi looks will be big in 2023