Jorginho’s deadline-day move to Arsenal has gone down ‘very well’ with the Gunners squad, who believe the former Chelsea midfielder can contribute to their Premier League title push. Italy international Jorginho moved to the Premier League leaders on deadline day in a deal worth £12m. The 31-year-old, who won the Champions League and Europa League at Stamford Bridge, has signed an 18-month contract at Arsenal with the option of a further year. The Gunners turned their attentions to Jorginho after having two bids for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo rejected. Jorginho became Arsenal’s third January signing following Poland defender Jakub Kiwior and Belgium forward Leandro Trossard. Italy Euros winner Jorginho made more than 200 appearances for Chelsea and the Arsenal squad are fully behind his signing, according to The Athletic. It is claimed the players and staff at Arsenal are ‘excited’ by his arrival and believe Jorginho will have an important role to play as the Gunners seek a first league title since 2004. There is a feeling among the squad that Jorginho’s technical ability and experience will be invaluable, with Mikel Arteta determined to sign a new midfielder to provide competition and cover for Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka. Arsenal legend Paul Merson is also excited about Jorginho’s arrival at his former club, telling Sky Sports: ‘I think it’s an outstanding signing. ‘You are buying experience as well. He’s won big trophies. He is a proper holding midfield player. ‘We were only talking about, two years ago when they won the Champions League and he won the Euros, we were saying “why don’t England produce one of these players?” ‘Two years on and Arsenal could be getting him. I know he’s two years older, but he’s so intelligent. He’ll protect the back four and he just keeps it simple. ‘He will be feeding Odegaard. He will be feeding Saka and Martinelli. For me, he is a top signing. He knows he won’t be playing every week. But he will bring experience and calmness. I call it a cup of tea.’ Arsenal are five points clear of defending champions Manchester City with a game in hand and face Sean Dyche’s Everton this weekend. MORE : Ally McCoist warns Arsenal over signing Jorginho from Chelsea MORE : Marcel Sabitzer favours Manchester United move over Chelsea transfer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 