Love Island fans are begging for someone close to Olivia Hawkins and Zara Lackenby-Brown to address their feud – after it was hinted the pair knew each other before the show. During Monday’s explosive episode, the two butted heads after Olivia, 27, had a private chat with Tom Clare- who is coupled up with Zara. Zara – who expressed her frustrations – addressed the ongoing tension between the two, which led Olivia to walk away from the heated debate. The argument reached boiling point as Zara said to Olivia: ‘Why do you think I’m here? To p**s you off? ‘I’m in here for myself. I’m here for myself. ‘Do you think I’ve flown 11 hours from England to piss you off? Get over yourself Liv.’ The first sign of trouble aired during Thursday’s installment after Zara, 25, was dared to kiss the cheeks of an islander she thinks is the most two-faced as part of a game, and ended up choosing Olivia – much to her annoyance. Although the two eventually agreed to remain civil for the sake of everyone in the villa, fans are certain the two had a big falling out before heading on the show. ‘Nah this “beef” with Zara and Olivia is deeper than Tom and Love Island. What has happened outside of this villa,’ one person tweeted. ‘I really need context on what the beef was prior to this show between Zara & Olivia because this drama just doesn’t make sense,’ another added. Elsewhere during tonight’s show, Zara shocked her fellow co-stars after sharing that she once locked lips with athlete Usain Bolt. ‘Erm so, I’ve gotten with an athlete before, famous athlete, very famous,’ she teased. When probed by Olivia on whether she wanted to ‘say names,’ Zara responded: ‘I’ve kissed Usain Bolt.’ ‘Did he finish quick?’, Ron Hall quipped, earning a laugh from the group. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Winter Love Island’s Zara Lackenby-Brown claims she once kissed Usain Bolt – but viewers have questions MORE : Winter Love Island 2023: When will Casa Amor start?