Carpenter Mark Millar appeared on property show DIY SOS and presented Dream Kitchens & Bathrooms With Mark Millar. In his new show for Channel 5, Build Your Dream Home In The Country, he meets people who have built their own homes. Here he tells us about his first buy and offers plenty of advice to prospective self-builders. A Victorian red-brick three-bedroom terrace house in Bristol in 1992. It was in a terrible state. It hadn’t been looked after for years. It had a downstairs bathroom – I moved that upstairs and extended the kitchen, made it more open-plan and put Velux windows in to bring some light into the hallway. We lost a bedroom to put the bathroom upstairs which meant we could have a big kitchen-diner downstairs. I was working as a builder at the time and worked on it myself but I got friends to do the electrics and plumbing. I turned it round in six weeks. It was all I could afford at the time. I had two children so the main thing was finding somewhere big enough that I could afford. After ten years I moved to a three-bedroom house where everyone was able to have their own bedroom. The survey didn’t pick up a draining problem so I had to have new drains. Otherwise it was a standard refurb. Over the years we made extra decorative changes… when you’re in the trade you keep making changes. I’ve fallen in love with modular building. The whole house comes complete, ready to go, and you just have to connect it together. You have greater control over the energy efficiency of the building in terms of the insulation, lighting and heating. It’s quite scary if you know nothing about it and it can become a big money pit. Self-build is a scary journey but very fulfilling. Each house on the show is unique and reflects the person’s individual needs. They think they can click their fingers and trades will just turn up but there’s a massive shortage of   trades. If there’s a delay in the build and trades turn up and you aren’t ready for them, they’ll go to the next job because they need to keep earning. Then you’ll have to wait for them to come back and the knock-on effect on the build is huge. The weather can knock your schedule back by weeks. When you’ve found your plot of land go to the local pub, join local groups and find out who the local tradespeople are. That means you won’t have to get trades in from miles away. I want to one day. My dream would be a modular build with big windows by the coast, run on renewable energy. I’ve lived in modern homes and old homes. I now live in a 370-year-old cottage. It was a nightmare to restore, as it’s listed. Once you’ve got people coming round to give you quotes, see if you get on well with them. Ask them if you can visit builds they’re currently working on, then ask the clients how the builders have been, have they stuck to budget and how reliable they are. Go back when the job’s finished and ask if the builders covered the snagging list. I’d be careful about going on some of the trades websites – I know someone who used one who ended up with a tradesman who came from 120 miles away. You don’t want a tradesperson travelling 120 miles twice a day, five days a week to be doing your build. Eventually they stopped turning up. Be careful and shop local. It’s becoming more regular. We lost 42% of our workforce through Brexit. I don’t like it, I believe a contractor should take a job on from start to finish, but it’s a busy industry and people are under pressure so they’ll start a job and then start somewhere else to try to keep everyone happy. You need to be aware of that. Also get contracts set in place. It’s so important. Get a contract drawn up, make sure your payments are sorted and don’t hand all the money over at once. Build Your Dream House In The Country is on Channel 5 on Thursday nights at 8pm and also on My5 Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY fans spend just £3,000 and add £70,000 to their property’s value MORE : What to expect when buying a property: Make sure to do your homework