Gordon Ramsay successfully hoodwinked us all after appearing to let slip that his wife Tana is pregnant with their sixth child. The 56-year-old appeared on Heart Breakfast with Jamie Theakston and Amanda Holden on Tuesday morning when he seemingly announced the news before backtracking. And it turns out, he was joking all along! Gordon and Tana, 48, are already parents to Megan, 24, twins Jack and Holly, 23, Tilly, 21, and three-year-old Oscar. Jamie, 52, asked the chef, ‘Gordon, you have five kids, right?’ with him replying: ‘Last time I looked there was five, yes. I think there’s one more on the way.’ Britain’s Got Talent judge Amanda, 51, interrupted in shock, ‘What?’ as Gordon replied: ‘Seriously.’ Jamie asked, ‘You’ve not got another one on the way?’ with Gordon adding: ‘Tana’s jeans aren’t fitting her.’ Not convinced that Gordon was being serious, Amanda pushed: ‘Is it Christmas or is it a baby?’ It is then that Gordon – who returns to screens on Wednesday night in Next Level Chef – appears to realise what he has says and starts to downplay the remark. ‘Do you know what, I don’t know yet,’ he said. ‘I’ll double check when I get back. I’m going down to Boots on the way out of here, and I’ll double check.’ Amanda gushes, ‘Oh Tana, I would love that,’ as Jamie asks: ‘Have you inadvertently just revealed something you weren’t meant to say?’ ‘Tana would like another baby and I’m like no, no, no, no,’ Gordon continued. ‘It’s already hard enough thinking about when I go to take Oscar to school, “Hey, what’s your grandad’s name?” ‘Or sports day, Jamie. When I’m standing there with a stick and an egg and spoon thinking, “holy fiddle.”‘ Amanda begged: ‘Oh, yeah, squeeze another one out. I hope she’s up the duff again, that would be brilliant.’ The conversation ended with Jamie warning: ‘Do you know how much trouble you’re going to be in when you get home?’ Metro.co.uk has since learned that Gordon was just joking. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gordon Ramsay unleashes his special brand of chaos by dropping F-bomb on live radio before 9am MORE : Lord Alan Sugar lashes out at Gordon Ramsay for ‘ripping off’ The Apprentice with cooking show: ‘He should stick to his day job’ 