‘Dark and light feminine energy’ is all over TikTok, from fashion to aura, and it’s also got its place in beauty. It’s pretty much in the name, with light feminine makeup being more girly and delicate than dark feminine makeup, which is smokey and sexier. And one makeup mood might resonate with you more. ‘Light’ looks are expected to trend this year, with Beauty Pie’s makeup prediction report for 2023 spotlighting coquette makeup – which is pink, glowy, and gentle – all the defining characteristics of light feminine beauty. Makeup artist Sarah Rose Davies, of S Blend Makeup, says this kind of makeup is a ‘trend focused around ultra-feminine styles and colours’ – namely pink. ‘It really embraces rosy hues and petal-soft colours as well as big lashes to give the pretty-in-pink look a more mature edge,’ she says. ‘It’s obvious why so many people are recreating to this on TikTok as it is extremely pretty.’ Dark feminine swings the other way, taking blackened smokey hues and going for drama rather than soft makeup looks. We’ve seen this influence in the way of the siren and sleepy eye makeup trends, which involve heavy eyeliner, making seductive eyes the most bold part of the face. Last year also saw the return to grunge glam makeup, which fits into the dark feminine theme. This, according to the trend, is the other spectrum of ‘feminine’ makeup. These two makeup energies range from fresh and youthful to dark and mysterious, in terms of their finished looks. The two trends are polarising, stereotypical takes on ‘feminine’ beauty – but both are very wearable. Think of them like a newer version of the old ‘day-to-night’ makeup messaging brands previously sold to us. But, this time, TikTok creators are owning the terms and looks. With celebrity references galore, there’s lots of inspiration. You don’t need to be an expert to do either look, you just have to see which colours you have in front of you – richer hues, or brighter ones – then decide whether you prefer a gentle or heavier look. Which mood are you? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Coquette makeup is the next beauty trend that’s all about hyper-femininity MORE : Easy eyeliner technique flatters hooded eyes – here’s how to do it