Millions of people can start saving money on bus fares as they have been capped at £2 for 4,600 routes. The Department for Transport (DfT) said 130 operators outside London will charge no more than £2 for a single ticket from today until the end of March. Single fares for a three-mile journey outside the capital currently cost an average of around £2.80, but tickets can exceed £5 for long journeys in rural areas. As the cost of living crisis continues to rumble on, it is hoped the temporary fare cap will help passengers travelling for education, work and medical appointments. Some of the biggest savings include journeys between Leeds and Scarborough (£13), Lancaster and Kendall (£12.50), and Plymouth and Exeter (£9.20). It comes as a report by Campaign for Better Transport (CBT) highlighted how funding pressures have axed more than a quarter of English bus services in a decade. Responding to the cap, CBT director of external affairs, Norman Baker, said: ‘Affordable bus travel really is a win-win. ‘Capping bus fares in this way will help struggling households, cut traffic congestion and carbon emissions, and inject new life into dwindling bus services. ‘We think the £2 cap should be extended indefinitely.’ The DfT made more than £2 billion available to bus operators to keep services in England running during the pandemic. It said it will ‘consider future support’, while buses minister, Richard Holden, said he hopes the cap will boost passenger numbers. He said: ‘We’ve been in a situation where we’ve been putting in an awful lot of help to support buses through Covid and in more recent months coming out of the pandemic. ‘But we really need to see those ridership numbers increase. ‘We’re back up to around 80-85% on paid-for fares, and around two-thirds on concessionary travel. ‘What I really want to do is try and move away from a situation where we’re constantly having to put more money in to subsidise routes, and instead get people back on buses so that they can be more self-sustaining for the long term. ‘I want to see us move as close as possible to those pre-pandemic levels.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.