Gloria Hunniford has revealed that she was seriously ill with kidney sepsis and a chest infection after being absent from Loose Women for two weeks. As the show opened on Tuesday, Gloria, 82, explained why she had not been seen for awhile. ‘I’ve been sick so to see the audience and you girls I am happy to be here because I’ve had kidney stones,’ she said. Explaining the prevalence of kidney stones, Gloria addressed the audience and said many would have had family members who had experienced them. She then recalled what unfolded as she became increasingly ill. ‘When a specialist says to you “it’s fine and we just put a camera up and a laser and we blast the stones to dust”, and it comes out and “that’s it” so you think it sounds very simple but wrong in my case anyway,’ she said. ‘I didn’t feel myself and then they said the stent would come out and I would feel fantastic and I’m thinking “thank goodness” for that. ‘But next thing I knew being carted off to A&E because they couldn’t get my blood pressure above 73 which is very low, and I wasn’t far from critical.’ Gloria added that she didn’t mean to ‘make it sound dramatic’, but added that she became so sick it developed into kidney sepsis and a chest infection. ‘With me it was like somebody turned a tap and took all my energy away and it’s taken me a week or two to get better.’ Last year Gloria also had another serious health scare after she had a fall at home in June. The broadcaster tripped over a rug in her house but ended up causing herself a serious injury from the fall, being left with a broken eye socket and a badly bruised leg after falling over at home ahead of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gloria Hunniford breaks down in tears paying tribute to late daughter Caron on 60th birthday: ‘She was a very special girl’ MORE : Carol McGiffin and Gloria Hunniford lock heads over ‘rejected’ Rishi Sunak: ‘All politicians are the same’ 