The Sun is making an alliance with Mars which could have an impact on your star sign. For Gemini, as the radiant Sun in your knowledge zone aligns with Mars, you may see the bigger picture regarding ideas that you have been dreaming up. Now could be the time to share them, and get the support you may need to make them happen. Meanwhile for Libra, a lively line-up between the Sun and Mars, could give you courage and confidence to overcome challenges and do what you need to do. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 29, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Attending an event? You may get more than you bargained for, as fresh connections and new opportunities can leave you feeling empowered. Whether this occurs online or in real life, it could pay to reach out, share advice and ideas, and get a feel for what is occurring in the circles in which you move. Plus, be prepared for an unexpected offer that is there for the taking, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 If you have an announcement to make this is the time to go ahead, as key planets in a prominent position suggest that it will be well received. Need to motivate and inspire others? Your words can certainly do that, and if someone is lacking confidence or feeling down, you might give them the boost they need. On a personal note, avoid petty arguments as they will accomplish nothing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 As the radiant Sun in your knowledge zone aligns with Mars, you’ll see the bigger picture regarding ideas that you have been dreaming up. Now is the time to share them, and get the support you need to make them happen. But you’ll also be eager to mix and mingle. If there is someone you would like to spend time with, you’ll enjoy chatting and getting to know them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Trust your gut and you’ll do just fine, and might even get something you’ve wanted for a long time. If you notice an intuitive nudge to go somewhere, do something or to call someone, follow through. The day will flow, you’ll catch all the green lights, and your desires will come true faster than you could possibly hope. If you ignore your inner voice, you may not do so well. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Your usual fun-loving nature could be replaced by a determination to take advantage of an opportunity. The coming days can see you willing to use charm to impress people and get the desired outcome. Where romance is concerned, a lively aspect encourages you to be proactive. If you meet up with someone you like, the conversation will flow very easily and naturally, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Ready to shine? A vibrant blend of energies encourages you to brush up your CV, and let others know of your creativity, skills and abilities. Is there something you’re good at? Don’t keep it under your hat, instead make others aware of where your talents really lie. There could be the chance of a promotion or a pay rise, if you’re willing to put yourself forward at this time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You’ll fare best today when you keep active, by going for a walk, enjoying an outing, being creative or spending time in good company. If you have difficult tasks to accomplish, a lively line-up between the Sun and Mars, gives you courage and confidence to overcome challenges and do what you need to do. Is a romance looking less possible? Don’t give up just yet, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 On the home front, tasks like clearing out packed drawers or overfilled closets can bring a sense of triumph. In fact, today’s Sun/Mars alignment is great for getting rid of items you no longer need, and also for dealing with issues that are holding you back. You’ll feel a sense of relief on an emotional and physical level. But most of all, being clutter free can bring peace of mind. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 This can be a busy day of get-togethers, calls, outings and of generally keeping touch. The Sun in your sector of communication may enhance your curiosity, and find you making a lot of short journeys and attending to business and admin. You could be the star of the show at one gathering, as a positive blend of energies suggests you’ll be popular and in demand, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You could get involved in petty arguments. But to make the best use of the day, focus on securing an opportunity that could be lucrative. If you have the right skills, be sure to promote them, especially as a positive aspect gives you the confidence to move forward. Keen to supplement your income? With some creative thinking, you’ll have some great ideas to choose from. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Your words can impress, persuade and get you noticed. As the Sun in your sign aligns with Mars, you’ll know just what to say to promote your ideas and skills. And if you’re an authority on any subject, this is the time to flaunt your knowledge and even teach others, if you have the inclination. Want to explore new terrain? New places and faces can boost your spirits. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Have a life-coach, therapist or friend you can confide in? A Sun/Mars alignment encourages you to discuss something that is causing upset. If you can’t see a way around it, it’s surprising how helpful a fresh perspective can be. Over the next day or so, you’ll be open to finding answers and getting advice. And armed with insights and useful information, you’ll be able to move forward. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 22 to January 28 MORE : Venus in Pisces urges you to be wise in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope MORE : What does the Year of the Rabbit mean? Traits, compatibility, and 2023 horoscope