First there was quiet, now ‘loud quitting’ is the latest career buzzword that’s got people talking. Whereas quiet quitting involves checking out and doing minimum requirements for a job, loud quitting – as the name suggests – is the exact opposite. It’s about making noise to try and negotiate what you want. Simply put, it’s making it clear to your employer that you’re looking elsewhere, as a negotiation tool – opening up the possibilities of promotions and pay rises. But, of course, it needs to be executed extremely carefully. Doug Baird, CEO from people advisory firm New Street Consulting Group, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Like most workplace trends, “loud” quitting isn’t something that’s happened simultaneously at a moment in time – rather it’s a culmination of big forces and specific factors built over weeks, months and years. ‘Given that almost every sector is currently competing fiercely to attract talent, it’s understandable that individuals are seeking opportunities to speak up about looking elsewhere for a better job offer.’ However, it’s important it’s done in the right way. In order to achieve the best outcome from this approach, employees need to have thought the process through from start to finish – mainly, how far they’re willing to push the negotiation and where they’re willing to compromise on. Doug adds: ‘Be clear on what it is you really want going into any negotiation conversation. ‘For instance, you might want to stay in the organisation, but prompt a pay review, discuss additional benefits or something else.’ ‘The best way to loud quit is to do it directly with the people that matter – your bosses,’ says Emma Swan, the head of commercial employment law at Forbes Solicitors. She adds: ‘Trying to loud quit in front of colleagues is likely to backfire, as employers will consider it disruptive and will be less inclined to listen to demands. Employees should avoid talking about their intentions amongst colleagues. ‘Employees are best advised treating loud quitting as a form of compromise to avoid making it all about me, me, me. Even before they start conversations with employers about pay rises or promotions, a loud quitter should think about what’s in it for their bosses. ‘The demands for more money and a step up the career ladder will be much better received if they focus on how it will benefit the organisation.’ ‘I wouldn’t advise candidates on letting their boss know they’re on the hunt for a new gig — not until they’ve got a plan B at least’ says Robert Parry, the recruitment Director at Web3 creative agency Hype. ‘Negotiating with an offer on the table gives you an edge. It also offers you a safety blanket if you’re met with resistance. ‘But I’d keep that card up my sleeve until negotiations have come to a halt.’ It’s important to show your values and how much of a positive asset you are to the business by being open and honest in your communication, adds Doug. He continues: ‘Be clear, and realistic, on your ask and ensure you can provide a rationale for your terms. ‘These are challenging times for businesses and leaders are more likely to respond positively to this tactic if it’s approached with respect and realistic expectation.’ On the whole, employers are more likely to negotiate in good faith if you make your case based on the merits that you bring to the business. To do this, Robert says: ‘Show your accomplishments, show your commitment, outline your vision for the future of the company and identify the pain points that need addressing. ‘If that doesn’t work, it might be time to let them know you’ve got a better offer. Once it comes to this point, though, you better be prepared to leave.’ Some experts point out that it’s actually better to share your dissatisfaction earlier on – rather than let it escalate to a point where you want to leave. HR and careers expert Ruth Kudzi says: ‘I personally believe that sharing dissatisfaction is something that an employee should bring up before they leave as that is the best way to have a resolution. ‘Often having open conversations with managers can be more impactful than using this kind of technique as people often don’t like being put under pressure or feeling like they have to do something. ‘Personally I would prefer a more informal approach and conversation rather than having an employee making threats about leaving.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Is your manager a ‘seagull boss’, who flies in, dumps on everyone, then flies off? MORE : No idea where your work life is going? You might be dealing with ECC – an existential career crisis MORE : How I Made It: ‘A battle with sepsis inspired me to switch careers and teach yoga’