Tony Blackburn has been praised for taking aim at President Vladimir Putin on his BBC Radio 2 show by letting the music do the talking. The broadcaster, 79, was presenting his Golden Hour show on Sunday night when he made a quip at the Russian leader in his link ahead of playing Moloko’s Sing It Back. Speaking to listeners as the song started, Blackburn said: ‘Wouldn’t it be lovely if Putin would say this?’ The lyrics, sung by Moloko’s Róisín Murphy, then sounded: ‘If you are ready, I will surrender, take me and do as you will.’ Fans were quick to applaud Blackburn for his remark which was picked up and shared far and wide on social media. ‘What a legend,’ one commented alongside a clapping emoji. Clearly blown away by the broadcast, another exclaimed: ‘F*ck me…that’s it. The greatest link in history. Not even Partridge could pull this off.’ ‘Magnificent,’ a third simply penned. Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, 2022, and Blackburn has long been vocal in his disapproval of the war. Posting on Twitter on New Year’s Day, he wrote: ‘Just watched All quiet On The Western Front on @netflix the madman Putin should watch this as to me it shows the stupidity of war and violence.’ One fan responded to Blackburn’s post, commenting: ‘The people of the world should unite and demand that the children of the sabre-rattling leaders are forced to go on the front line in any war, maybe they will think twice before creating chaos and suffering for people. There’s far more that unites us rather than divides us.’ Blackburn approved with the fan’s message and replied: ‘I totally agree and the leaders who send people to the front line should go there themselves, that would soon stop the fighting.’ In March, he tweeted: ‘How amazing are the Ukrainians standing up to Putins murderous attacks. These Russians soldiers  must surely realise what they are doing is wrong and evil.’ (sic) Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 