Andrew Tate was removed from the Big Brother house in 2016 due to a sexual assault and physical abuse investigation, a damning new report claims. The self-proclaimed ‘success coach’, who was arrested in Romania as part of a human trafficking and rape investigation last week along with his brother Tristan, appeared in the 17th series of the reality show on Channel 5. According to claims made by Vice, producers were informed by police of the ongoing investigation at the time of his appearance on the programme, however, they kept him in the house for five days before removing him. During his stint in the Borehamwood bunker, Tate was seen playing truth or dare in a hot tub and kissing one of the female contestants. Eventually, he was removed from Big Brother, with Channel 5 stating that his exit was prompted by ‘information which came to light’. Banijay UK, which owns the production company behind Big Brother, Endemol Shine, has since said that it had started a process of ‘extensive consultation with Channel 5 ‘and legal teams, including the lawyers representing Andrew Tate’ after being contacted by police on June 8, 2016. Vice reports Banijay UK said Tate was ‘closely monitored at all times’ during this period, while they attempted to gain information required by Channel 5 on the police investigation. He was removed from Big Brother on June 13. A spokesperson for the production company told the publication: ‘As soon as we were made aware by Hertfordshire Police on 8th June 2016 that Andrew Tate was being investigated by the police, we began a process of extensive consultation with Channel 5, and legal teams, including the lawyers representing Andrew Tate. During this period, and whilst we sought to clarify the detail required by Channel 5 on the police investigation, Andrew was closely monitored at all times.’ At the time of Tate’s removal, many linked his exit to a video that had come to light which showed him slapping his ex-girlfriend before beating her with a belt. She later spoke out in his defence, saying that it had all been a ‘huge misunderstanding’. Last week, it was reported that Romanian prosecutors have been granted permission to detain Tate for 30 days. He was arrested along with brother Tristan on suspicion of human trafficking, rape and forming an organised crime group. Metro.co.uk has contacted Channel 5 and Tate’s rep for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 