TikTok just can’t stop talking about ‘mascara’. *Spoiler alert* these videos have absolutely nothing to do with makeup. Don’t worry if your wildly confused right now, we were too. But we’ve deciphered the code. Essentially the #MascaraTrend involves people talking about their past and current romantic relationships, and their feelings about them, as if they were a tube of mascara. For example some people may feel they’ve found their favourite ‘mascara’ and never want to try another one, while others may avoid a type of ‘mascara’ because they never seem to work out. Some of us here at Metro may have sworn off ‘mascara’ altogether at this point, but that doesn’t mean our lashes aren’t getting the attention they deserve. The trend even has it’s own sound – ‘Constellations’ by Duster – and has amassed over 69.2 million views on the social media platform. One TikToker heartbreakingly confessed: ‘I don’t have a favourite mascara because  whenever I get a new one I like it for a bit and then it starts to get clumpy and disappoints me so I throw it out. ‘Hope I find a good mascara in the future though.’ Many followed a similar vein claiming they are too scared to try new mascaras because they don’t want their lashes to get damaged again. Some who took part in the trend had much more positive reviews of their mascara, though. One TikToker posted: ‘I’ve had my mascara since I was 14. I’m now 24. Only mascara I’ve ever tried but I know there’s nothing like this one anywhere else. ‘I even made a smaller version because I like it so much’. We don’t know about you, but we just got a little fuzzy inside. For some, the product itself just wasn’t the right fit for them, and we agree, mascara doesn’t do it for everyone. The #mascaratrend code is enabling people to talk more freely about their sexual orientation and preferences. One user posted: ‘I used to say I loved mascaras to “be normal” but deep down I always knew I liked lipgloss.’ The trend also seems to be an outlet for something they can admit to in their romantic life because of another persons feelings. One TikToker wrote: ‘I didn’t tell anyone I liked this mascara because it looked better on my friend.’ That’s pretty selfless if you ask us. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Anne Hathaway jumps on the baker boy hat revival with another Y2K classic: The pageboy cap MORE : ‘I’m a straight man who can’t stop thinking about the guy I slept with from the gym’ MORE : Top 100 most flexible companies to work for revealed – does yours make it onto the list?