Prince Harry has claimed King Charles told him Meghan Markle was not welcome at Balmoral Castle on the day Queen Elizabeth died. In his upcoming biography Spare, the Duke of Sussex alleged he learnt of his grandmother’s death on the BBC website. Harry, 38, and Meghan, 41, were in London when the late Queen was placed under medical supervision on September 8. She had been at Balmoral in Scotland for most of the summer. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s spokesperson said the couple were travelling to Scotland around 90 minutes after the Palace’s announcement at nearly 2pm. At around 4:30pm, the duke’s spokesperson said he would be travelling alone instead. Harry wrote in Spare, according to a copy obtained by the Sun: ‘When the plane started to descend, I saw my mobile phone light up. ‘It was a message from Meg, “call me as soon as you read this”. ‘I checked the BBC webpage. My grandmother had died. My father was the King. ‘I put on a black tie, stepped off the plane into heavy drizzle.’ He added: ‘Then my father called again. He told me I was welcome at Balmoral, but… without her. ‘He started to explain his reasons, but they didn’t make any sense at all, and it was disrespectful as well. I did not tolerate it from him. ‘Don’t even think about talking about my wife like that. Repentant, he said, stammering, that he simply didn’t want the place to be full of people. ‘Nobody’s wife was going to go, not even Kate, he told me, so Meg shouldn’t either.’ Harry left Balmoral after 12 hours of mourning the Queen with his father and brother, Prince William. Photographers pictured him alone in the back of a Range Rover on his way to Aberdeen airport at around 9:20am on September 9. Eye-popping and sensational details have been spilling from the leaks and teaser interviews from Harry’s memoir, Spare, this week. Among them – and there are many – Harry claiming William knocked him to the floor during a fight as he saw ‘red mist’ and Harry admitting he killed 25 people in Afghanistan. Elsewhere, Harry casually revealed he smoked a spliff and watched a Disney film after his first date with Meghan. And had a ‘frostbitten penis’ at William and Kate’s wedding. The tell-all book came only weeks after the release of Harry & Meghan, the six-part Netflix docu-series that described the couple’s relationship, their rift from the royal family and the ongoing harassment from the British press. Metro.co.uk contacted Buckingham Palace for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.