An apprentice electrician suffered a ‘devastating’ brain injury after a heavy load from a forklift fell on him. Liam Hamilton, 20, from Hertfordshire, suffered a fractured skull despite wearing a safety helmet when he was struck by the load which fell from a forklift truck several stories high in February 2021. He was rushed to hospital for emergency brain surgery and put in an induced coma for four days. However Liam then suffered a seizure in December 2022, and the young apprentice now suffers from ongoing cognitive, strength and balance problems and fears for the future of his career. Liam said: ‘I can’t remember what happened other than waking up in hospital and being told about the incident. It was then that the severity of what happened slowly started to sink in. ‘Before the accident I was just like a lot of people my age. I enjoyed going out with my friends, watching football, boxing and playing golf. ‘However, that’s all changed now. I’m a lot more reserved and tend to avoid going out to busy places. I find it difficult to balance and struggle with simple things like walking and talking at the same time; things most people take for granted.’ Court documents reveal Weston Homes, the property developer working on the site, was in breach of multiple health and safety rules. The company had not enforced an exclusion zone to stop people from being in an area with a risk of falling materials. They failed to carry out proper safety assessments and provide suitable machinery for lifting materials at height according to Irwin Mitchell, the legal firm representing Liam. Liam said: ‘I have memory and concentration problems and can lose track of what I’m saying mid-sentence. ‘I’m now a lot more reliant on my parents to help me. It has been really difficult to come to terms with what has happened to me over the last year. ‘One of the hardest things is not knowing what the future holds. I really enjoyed my job and loved going to work, but now I don’t know whether it’s something I’ll be able to return to because of my ongoing issues.’ However he is determined to move on from the incident – once he gets answers. He added: ‘Despite everything I try and remain focused on my recovery but it’s difficult having to live with my ongoing symptoms and questions around whether more should have been done to prevent my injuries. ‘While I can’t change what’s happened, I feel that the least I deserve is answers.’ A separate Health and Safety Executive investigation is ongoing into the incident. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.