Dakota Johnson’s nod to Armie Hammer in her speech at the opening of the Sundance Film Festival left audience members in total shock. The 33-year-old actress was addressing guests at a dinner to kick off the famous festival when she dropped a clanger that referenced the star’s cannibalism scandal. Speaking on stage at the Taste of Sundance dinner at The Basin Recreation Fieldhouse in Utah, Dakota was presenting the Luca Guadagnino Sundance Institute International Icon Award having worked with the Italian director on films Suspiria and A Bigger Splash. She began joking about why she wasn’t a part of the award-winning Call Me by Your Name film, claiming Luca was contemplating casting her as the part of the peach. In the romantic coming-of-age story, Timothee Chalamet’s character performs a sexual act on a peach, following which the fruit is eaten by Armie’s character. The Fifty Shades of Grey star said at the podium: ‘It was here at Sundance in 2017 that audiences experienced a film that is uniquely characterized by Luca’s iconic approach to storytelling. ‘The vision and the style of it is Call Me By Your Name. Sadly, I wasn’t in that one. It was unfortunate. ‘Luca had asked me to play the role of the peach, but our schedules conflicted – thank God, because then I would have been another woman that Armie Hammer tried to eat!’ Her choice of words split the audience as some groaned in response while others cheered the brunette on. Running with her punchline, The Peanut Butter Falcon actress then referenced Luca’s recent film Bones and All which features cannibalism as part of the script. She announced: ‘It’s been five years since that film premiered here and Luca hasn’t stopped taking us to exciting places – who knew cannibalism was so popular?’ The butt of her joke, Armie – who has starred in films including The Social Network and The Lone Ranger – faced backlash in 2021 after accusations of sexual abuse and claims of a fetish for cannibalism came to light. Multiple women who were supposedly in relationships with the actor accused him of committing violent abuse and engaging in non-consensual sexual practices. Armie was also said to have made remarks to the women that included fantasies of cannibalism and wanting to ‘take a bite’ out of their body parts. The controversy led to the star being dropped from his acting agency and stripped him of a number of upcoming opportunities including the J-Lo film Shotgun Wedding and a streaming service series The Offer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dakota Johnson on going viral during Johnny Depp trial and struggling with cancel culture MORE : Armie Hammer’s accuser slams documentary exposing cannibal and sexual assault allegations: ‘The way they’ve been exploiting my trauma is disgusting’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 