Love Island star Haris Namani has reportedly been dumped from the villa, amid the release of a video of him punching a man in the street. The 21-year-old boxer, who works as a TV salesman, is currently on the ITV2 programme in South Africa, where at present he’s coupled up with Olivia Hawkins. Footage obtained by The Sun from last May has recently emerged, showing him fighting with another man after a night out in his hometown of Doncaster. Meanwhile, it’s been claimed that last night, Namani found out he’d been dumped from Winter Love Island, as part of the planned elimination. ‘Haris was booted off Love Island last night,’ a source told The Sun. ‘There was a dumping and he got the chop. It is, in part, a relief for the show’s bosses in light of the video of Haris in a street fight.’ In a statement sent to Metro.co.uk, a Love Island spokesperson said: ‘We would never comment on dumpings or show formats to avoid ruining the show for the viewers.’ Following Monday’s episode, viewers were given the opportunity to vote for their favourite islanders. In the video of Namani that was released, the clip showed him squaring up to another man in the street. While they exchanged blows, Namani punched the other individual in the chest, resulting in him falling to the floor. A spokesperson for the show told Metro.co.uk: ‘Language and behaviour in the Villa is always closely monitored, and islanders are reminded of what we consider acceptable during their time on the show. ‘Extensive duty of care protocols for all islanders includes video training and guidance covering language and behaviour.’ A source added to Metro.co.uk: ‘We execute extensive background checks in advance of Islanders entering the show and are one of the only shows in the UK to offer such a detailed training programme to provide education and instruction to Islanders on what is considered unacceptable behaviour and how they should conduct themselves in the Villa. ‘This training is their opportunity to learn and gain perspective from any mistakes or errors of judgement that have been made prior to going on the show.’ The news of Namani’s reported dumping comes days after he and fellow Love Island star Shaq Muhammad became embroiled in a heated clash. Muhammad accused Namani of ‘stirring’ drama, after Namani quizzed David Salako about kissing Tanya Mahenga in a game, despite Muhammad being coupled up with her. Several of the other boys escorted Muhammad and Namani away from each other, with the duo eventually talking out their issues in the following episode. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Confused Love Island viewers desperate to know real reason behind Olivia Hawkins and Zara Lackenby-Brown feud: ‘I really need context’ MORE : Winter Love Island’s Zara Lackenby-Brown claims she once kissed Usain Bolt – but viewers have questions 