Former Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino believes three Arsenal stars are already serious contenders to win the Premier League Player of the Season award. We may not have technically reached the halfway stage of the season yet, but already attention is turning to who have been the best players of the 2022/23 campaign. With Arsenal currently seven points clear at the top of the table, many of their top performers have received many plaudits and are expected to feature heavily during awards season, regardless of whether or not they win the title. However, picking just one Gunner as a standout player is very tough given just how influential all of Mikel Arteta’s men have been. But Cascarino has named a trio who he thinks are already shoe-ins for the biggest individual prize, writing for The Times: ‘Nobody is having a bad campaign. ‘Bukayo Saka, Martin Odegaard and Thomas Partey are contenders for player of the season. ‘Comparing this Arsenal side with the one who missed a top-four place last year is misleading. They were shattered towards the end of the 2021-22 season and did not have the confidence or high standards that they do now. ‘Their squad depth is growing too. Gabriel Jesus’s injury was a blow but Eddie Nketiah is capable of making a massive impact and I think he is the best finisher at the club. ‘Arsenal have a tricky run before February 15 but they are well positioned to handle it. They will strengthen in the January transfer window and have Jesus and Emile Smith Rowe to come back.’ Forward Saka is perhaps the Arsenal star most would put forward for both Player and Young Player of the Season, having also starred for England during the World Cup. As captain, Odegaard’s role in Arteta’s side has been even more influential and impactful this season, while Partey’s presence in midfield has been pivotal. Even so, there are several Gunners who could also easily be in contention, namely Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli, Granit Xhaka and William Saliba. There’s still a long way to go before season’s end of course, and there are plenty of players from across the Premier League who could be considered for POTS. Manchester City duo Erling Haaland and Kevin De Bruyne and Tottenham striker Harry Kane will no doubt be among the favourites. Last season, De Bruyne won the official Premier League award while Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah picked up the PFA and FWA gongs. MORE : World Cup winner Alexis Mac Allister responds to Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool transfer links MORE : Romelu Lukaku backs Arsenal legend Thierry Henry to become the next Belgium manager For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 