A police chief was killed in a shootout that also left another officer wounded and the suspect dead. On Monday afternoon, two police officers confronted 28-year-old Aaron Lamont Swan, a man they believed had fled the scene of a traffic stop the night before. The confrontation took place around 4pm in Brackenridge, a small town of just over 3,000 people about 20 miles north of Pittsburgh. When the two officers approached the suspect, they were met with gunfire. The slain officer was identified as Justin McIntire, the Police Chief of Brackenridge. He was one of only four police officers employed by the town. The other wounded was identified as Jordan Schrecengost, who worked for the Tarentum Police Department, was not named. He was hospitalized after being shot in the leg. Swan then fled in a stolen car. Pittsburgh Police were able to track the vehicle to the Lincoln neighborhood, where Swan lead them on a car chase. After leading police out of the neighborhood, he crashed the car and ran off into the woods. Although police officers mobilized to search the woods, Swan fled again – opening fire on more cops as he ran. Pittsburgh Police shot and killed the suspect, who was pronounced dead at the scene. ‘Based on the description and the circumstances, we believe that is in fact the suspect we were seeking in the shooting of the officers in Brackenridge this afternoon,’ Allegheny County Police Superintendent Chris Kearns said. Pennsylvania Attorney General and Governor-elect Josh Shapiro praised McIntire’s actions. ‘Police Chief Justin McIntire ran towards danger to keep Pennsylvanians safe — and he made the ultimate sacrifice in service to community,’ he said in a statement on Twitter. Pittsburgh Mayor Ed Gainey also mourned Chief McIntire’s death on Tuesday. ‘Each day we pray that our officers are able to come home to their families every night, and last night serves as a reminder to the danger they face each and every day at work,’ Gainey stated. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.