Shirley Ballas stopped by the Loose Women studio on Thursday to show off the results of her new facelift and she was glowing. The Strictly Come Dancing judge said she was ‘delighted’ with the results and explained that she’d initially wanted a ‘proper knife job’ but settled on a non-surgical lift due to health concerns. The award-winning dancer proudly flaunted her sharp new jawline, quipping: ‘Look at that jaw. Come on, I’m 63 this year.’ Joining hosts Denise Welch, Judi Love, Kaye Adams and Linda Robson, Shirley explained: ‘I went to have a check-up with the doctor to see if I was eligible for a facelift – a proper knife job – [but] he wasn’t comfortable doing it.’ She continued: ‘So I researched NeoGen Plasma [as] I wanted to see if I could tighten the skin. I’m delighted with the results.’ Asked whether she’d experienced any stigma following the procedure, Shirley shared: ‘I never felt I had to do it for somebody else, but I’ve always been a bit insecure in my own looks, so I wanted to see if I could look a little bit better for me.’ NeoGen Plasma is a treatment that uses plasma pulses to heat the skin’s tissue, causing it to contract. Benefits include skin tightening and resurfacing. Earlier this month, Shirley spoke at length about her NeoGen Plasma procedure during an interview with Energist, noting: ‘I didn’t really want to go under the knife so I thought I would use this alternative route.’ She added: ‘My jawline feels just that much sharper I feel like the skin is not sagging, it feels rejuvenated, it feels bright and clean, no little veins going on, no sun spots, all in all a really spectacular look. ‘I was a bit apprehensive at the start but I’m thrilled to bits with the results. ‘Every woman in her 60s wants to feel confident, and I have to say at age 62, I now feel by far the best I’ve ever felt.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joanna Gosling gets choked up while signing off BBC News for last time after voluntary redundancy amid changes at broadcaster MORE : Britney Spears ‘angry and annoyed’ after concerned fans ‘call police to her house’ for welfare check 