Love Island star Ron Hall just dug himself a bigger hole after admitting he wouldn’t leave the villa if his love interest Lana Jenkins was sent home. The South African villa has been thrown into chaos since the arrival of bombshell Samie Elishi, which has caused several of the boys’ heads to turn – and we’ve not even reached Casa Amor yet. Tom Clare, Kai Fagan and Ron are among the lads who have expressed an attraction for the brunette bombshell, leaving their partners – including Tanyel Revan and Lana – worried about the future of their relationships. In last night’s episode, financial advisor Ron, 25, admitted that Samie, 22, was ‘100% [his] type on paper’, and on Monday, he seemed ready to risk it all with Lana. During a short scene as the islanders were getting ready for their big night, Ron was heard telling one of the boys about his feelings for Lana quite bluntly: ‘I wouldn’t go if she went, I don’t love her.’ It was only a brief comment but viewers caught onto it sharpish and realised his feelings might not be as strong for Lana, 25, as he first made out. Reacting to the dismissive comment, one viewer tweeted: ‘“I don’t love her” Ron pls do you think you could say it with *less* gusto?’ Another weighed in: ‘What’s flipped Ron?? Last week he was saying him and Lana was one of the strongest couples.’ One other viewer wrote: ‘I wouldn’t go if Lana went home I don’t love her! And Y’all was bigging them up as the it couple.’ One quipped: ‘Ron is digging his grave to the earths core atp [at this point].’ Referring to Jacques O’Neill from Love Island 2022, another commented: ‘Nah I’m actually nauseous because Ronald is starting to remind me of Jax.’ Ron and Lana’s path to true love hasn’t been smooth with him having his head turned by Zara Lackenby-Brown, Ellie Spence and now Samie in the space of a couple of weeks. However, there could be another man waiting in the wings for Lana if it doesn’t pan out with Tom, as Australian bombshell Aaron Waters has made it clear he’s interested in her. Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island stars Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury welcome baby girl MORE : Love Island’s Tom Clare and Ellie Spence’s secret smooch exposed as word gets out 