Greta Thunberg was carried away from an environmental protest by police after rejoining opponents of a coal mine expansion. Protests against the destruction of a small village in Germany to make way for the expansion were stepped up today, with the Swedish climate activist joining a march near the site. The original residents of Luetzerath, near Dusseldorf, have already abandoned the settlement, but it holds symbolic significance for opponents of the Garzweiler mine. A pair of activists who had been living in a tunnel beneath the village for a number of days moved out yesterday, but tension continues to simmer. Footage from the scene went viral on Monday when a video was released showing police officers in helmets and heavy-duty clothing struggling to walk through mud without getting stuck. A man in long brown robes dubbed the ‘Mud Wizard’ was shown pushing over one officer and tapping another on the shoulder. Today a protest march was held in the area, which was attended by Greta, 20. Images from the scene show the activist, who rose to fame as a teenager with her school strike campaign, with other young people surrounded by German police. Luetzerath was home to around 900 people as recently as 10 years ago, but they began to leave in 2013 when a federal court ruled in favour of the brown-coal open cast mine’s expansion. Members of the climate movement began holding marches on the site in 2020. At the most recent march, some demonstrators ran towards the Garzweiler mine, with one managing to enter it according to the dpa news agency. Energy company RWE, which is behind the expansion, called the behaviour ‘very reckless’. Today, protesters also made their way to the nearby cities of Cologne and Dusseldorf, where they glued themselves to a main road and a state government building. At another coal mine in the west of the country, a group occupied a giant digger. Clashing with the activists at Luetzerath, police used batons and pepper spray. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.