Some Dancing on Ice fans might have complained about her debut performance and outfit, but Ekin-Su Culculoglu has shrugged off the negativity. The reality TV star, who won Love Island last year with her partner Davide Sanclimenti, is one of the celebrities currently competing on the ice-skating series. But after the premiere episode last week, the show was hit with over 100 complaints relating to her raunchy performance and risqué outfit. During the routine Ekin-Su, 28, went all out and recreated the iconic crawling scene from Britney Spears’ hit Toxic, the song she performed to. Despite being the centre of 112 complaints to the watchdog, she has decided to ignore those who weren’t fans. ‘You know what? If you have ’em flaunt them,’ she told The Sun. ‘I mean if you’ve got a nice bum and you look sexy in a unitard, why not. Who cares?’ Although the nude bodysuit was embellished with mirrors to protect her modesty, it wasn’t enough for some. Intended to be a copy of the one from Britney’s 2003 music video, some said it was ‘inappropriate’. However most people came to her defense, with one joking she should have worn a ‘Sunday dress’ to keep people happy. While Ekin-Su and her professional partner Brendyn Hatfield, 37, scored an admirable 21.5 points from the judges, they will have to skate again this week in a bid to save themselves from elimination after landing in the bottom. She will now have to perform again this Sunday to remain in the competition. However, after finding herself at the centre of so many complaints, Ekin-Su shared a defiant message on Twitter earlier this week, writing: ‘Don’t let anyone bring you down because you’re worth more than that.’ Dancing On Ice continues on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti gives update on girlfriend Ekin-Su Culculoglu after she lands Dancing On Ice bottom two MORE : Dancing On Ice star Darren Harriot had arm ‘glued back together’ after grim injury 