Do you hate privacy? Think doors are a waste of space? If you’re totally over the long walk from your bed to the bathroom, this house could be for you. The £330,000 property looks normal enough from the outside, but the principal bedroom has an en suite with a twist. Rather than a traditional, boring opaque door shutting the bathroom off from the bedroom, there’s nothing separating the washing area apart from the clear glass shower screen. This very chic and interesting design choice would allow anyone else in the room to see straight into the shower. The rest of the bathroom, including the toilet, only has a curtain that can be pulled across for those who enjoy maintaining their boring old dignity. And yes, that means the entire bathroom is carpeted – cosy! The home is being sold by Saltsman & Co estate agents and advertised on Rightmove. One home-hunter commented jokingly: ‘In this house, we do not like walls or encourage privacy. ‘Walls are divisive and encourage deviancy.’ Another commenter quipped: ‘The curtains provide dignity and elegance as you experience food poisoning just feet from your sleeping partner.’ The property, located in Droylsden, Manchester, is a mid-terrace family home with a large modern kitchen and dining room area, a separate lounge, and three more bedrooms, with one of those being a large converted loft space. There’s also a cellar and a patio garden kitted out with artificial grass. The listing makes no mention of the unique en suite situation. It reads: ‘Saltsman and Co Estate agents welcome to the open market this immaculate four bedroomed mid-terrace property for sale with no vendor chain. ‘This larger-than-average family home has been well cared for and maintained and offers contemporary modern-day living whilst retaining many original features.’ The only reference to the door-free bathroom layout reads: ‘Fitted wardrobes to bedroom area opening into dressing/en suite area with freestanding double corner shower with steam jets and radio. ‘Opening into en suite area with low-level WC and hand wash vanity unit. Fully tiled walls. Radiators, light and power points.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Single Cornwall garage measuring just 120 square feet on sale for £99,950 MORE : Banker makes £7,000 renting out two parking spaces next to his London flat MORE : In the market for a teeny tiny £70,000 parking space? Well, you’re in luck