Siva Kaneswaran has admitted he’s still not moved on after the death of The Wanted bandmate Tom Parker. Parker died on March 30 last year at the age of 33 after being diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour. The late singer documented his cancer treatment to raise awareness, with wife Kelsey Parker now continuing to fundraise in his legacy. Speaking ahead of his Dancing On Ice debut, friend Siva – who was with Parker when he died – got incredibly emotional as he reflected on the late singer’s life. Looking back on his career with the pop group, the 34-year-old Irish star said: ‘When I think of the past, I just think about Tom.’ ‘Last year Tom passed away…’, he said before becoming tearful. ‘I guess I’m still grieving.’ Siva continued: ‘I witnessed his courage when he was fighting with his illness and it was so inspiring.’ He said Parker’s bravery has now encouraged him to face his own fears. This isn’t the first time Siva has spoken about the late musician on Dancing On Ice, previously sharing that he wants to ‘carry on his memory.’ On his reasons for signing up to the daring skating show, he told This Morning: ‘I wanted to take what happened with Tom, you know losing Tom and I was inspired by him and his fight, and take that bravery onto the ice to show people that when you fall down you can get back up. ‘I’m doing it obviously to carry on his memory.’ Siva’s Glad You Came bandmates – Nathan Sykes, Jay McGuiness, and Max George – have been supporting him every step of the way, with Jay even showing up at the rink to cheer him on during training. The Chasing The Sun hitmaker nailed his first performance with pro parter Klabera Komini, scoring a respectable 24 points out of 40. Singing his praises, fans took to Twitter with one writing: ‘The boy smashed it! Tom would be so proud of him.’ Another tweeted: ‘@SivaKaneswaran my heart broke when I saw how you looked about Tom’s passing. You did so well Siva, Tom will be so proud of you.’ ‘Siva making me tear up. Grief is a funny one but so proud of him for pushing himself and having the memory of Tom drive him forward!’, tweeted another. Bandmate Nathan also praised: ‘I’m so unbelievably proud of @SivaKaneswaran. So amazing to watch him SHINE!’ Dancing On Ice airs Sundays on ITV. MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean left blushing after accidental raunchy joke: ‘Jayne was squeezing my…’ MORE : Joey Essex makes no attempt to hide his affection for ‘beautiful’ Dancing On Ice partner Vanessa Bauer as they nail first performance 