The phrase ‘drama queen’ has really not done wonders for our mental health. So high is the stigma around being ‘melodramatic’, that we’re often inclined to dismiss our own problems as ‘meaningless’ or not worthy of professional intervention. We don’t want to be seen to be making a fuss out of nothing. But you don’t need to be in crisis to seek therapy. In fact, getting help before that point is crucial – and totally normal. Currently, in the UK, an estimated one in eight adults (12.1%) receive some form of mental health treatment, according to the Mental Health Foundation. Yet many of us still don’t realise that there is no problem too small for therapy. You don’t need to have a specific issue, a diagnosis or be completely overwhelmed to qualify for help. Jordan Vyas-Lee, a psychotherapist and co-founder of the mental health care clinic Kove, believes that therapy can be a powerful tool for everyone, no matter where you are on your mental health journey. Below, he shares the most common therapy misconceptions which can prevent people from seeking help and offers her advice: ‘Thinking like this is a sign of mental health impostor syndrome,’ Jordan explains. ‘You may believe that your problem isn’t as bad as someone you know, so you don’t need to seek help.’ But thinking like this is counterproductive. Life isn’t a competition, and we all cope with situations differently, so try to avoid comparing yourself to others. It is also possible that the people around you are dealing with their problems in private, in a way that they haven’t shared with you. ‘Some people use unhealthy coping strategies, such as excessive drinking or drug use, to avoid confronting their issues,’ Jordan adds. ‘This can make it seem like they are doing fine to the outside world.’ If you are struggling with something, it’s valid because it impacts you and your daily life. ‘No problem is too small to see a therapist,’ Jordan says. ‘If something has been bothering you, maybe even for months or years, it’s worth speaking to someone to move forward.’ A problem that might seem small can fester and become bigger in the future if it’s ignored. But you don’t actually need to have a specific problem to be able to speak to a therapist. ‘You might want support working through a transition in your life. For example, getting a new job, moving home, or starting a new relationship,’ Jordan says. ‘Some people also visit a therapist to maintain their mental health and identify potential issues early. One type of therapy that can be useful for this is counselling.’ Getting therapy for a little extra support and help, even if you are unsure about why is also completely fine. All struggles, regardless of how big or small, are entirely valid. ‘No matter how they may feel to you, therapy is likely to benefit you in improving things,’ Jordan explains. ‘Moreover, there are often more issues and psychological barriers than the ones you notice. Therapy helps to shine a light on these too.’ Even after you’ve tackled some of these internalised misconceptions, accessing therapy may be a challenge. In a cost of living crisis, not everyone has access to funds for private therapy – a report from the think tank IPPR (Institute for Public Policy Research) indicated that 59% of people can’t afford to go private. And NHS waiting lists can be long. According to research conducted by the Royal College of Psychiatrists, 43% of adults with mental illness say that the long wait times for treatment has caused their mental health to get worse, with almost a quarter (23%) saying that they have had to wait over 12 weeks to start treatment. Below, we’ve outlined some charities, apps and other organisations that offer free mental health support. For more urgent issues, the NHS has advice on how to access urgent mental health helplines in your area. Free mental health support: However, if you are unable to access free/low-cost therapy and still want to speak to someone then we reccomend that you find a private therapist by searching through the Counselling Directory or the British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy (BACP) to ensure you are getting help from a qualified professional. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Max Whitlock: Sharing my mental health struggles has been a win-win for me MORE : ‘I dread every day’: Overworked and under pressure, teachers are in the midst of a mental health crisis – and are now choosing to strike MORE : Third of Brits don’t know how to talk to loved ones about mental health concerns, says study