Japan, now fully reopen for post-pandemic tourism, is set to be a hot holiday destination – but it’s one of the world’s most-expensive countries to visit. By following a few tips, you can cut the costs of eating, sleeping and travelling in this fascinating and diverse nation steeped in history and natural beauty. Most savings can be made with a special travel pass only available to tourists before their arrival in Japan, which offers cheaper journeys on iconic bullet trains. Read on for more hacks, including ideas for cheap – or free – things to do during your stay. A JR (Japanese Rail) pass, available in seven, 14 or 21-day formats, can save you huge amounts of cash. It covers national trains, bus and ferry services and you can use it to make seat reservations. Remember to purchase your pass before you arrive in Japan. You’ll be sent a Japan Rail exchange order, which you swap for the pass in Japan. Find out more at jrpass.com or japanrailpass.net/en. A stay in a traditional, ryokan-style hotel is a great way to immerse yourself in the culture without blowing the budget. Even the smallest often have a hot-spring pool, while food generally consists of traditional, multi-course kaiseki meals. Alternatively, consider a Japanese hotel brand such as Hoshino Resorts, which has humble roots – it started out as a single ryokan in 1914. Its OMO brand is known for its wallet-friendly city hotels. Guests are encouraged to explore the local area and can sign up for free neighbourhood tours. Japanese street food is some of the best in the world. If you’re on a budget, tempura and ramen dishes are your best bet. These will set you back about £1.50 a serving, while sushi and bento box meals cost about £8. Donburi (rice topped with vegetables or meat, left) is another good option – you will pay about £3 a serving. Try not to give into any cravings you might have for Western food either – it’s generally more expensive than the Japanese cuisine on offer. Most cities offer a range of passes. In Osaka, for example, the Osaka Amazing Pass provides access to 40 attractions as well as free travel on local transport. Many cities also offer passes that cover both entry into specific attractions and the transport you’ll need to get there. For example, in Nagano, the Snow Monkey one-day pass covers admission to the Jigokudani Wild Monkey Park as well as the cost of the train from Nagano’s main station. Japan is packed with beautiful temples, gardens and parks, and many are free to enter. An excellent example is Tokyo’s Yoyogi Park, famous for its dancing Elvis impersonators and towering torii gates. Another tip? Head for a bookstore – these are often huge, beautifully designed spaces, where visitors are encouraged to read (and return) the books and magazines on display. Try Tokyo’s Daikanyama T-Site, a literary wonderland with lounge areas, a book-themed cafe and an enormous area dedicated to vintage books. You can save serious amounts of cash with some tactical timing of your holiday. The most expensive times to visit Japan include cherry blossom season (between March and May), Golden Week (four national holidays over seven days) between April 29 and May 5, Obon (when deceased ancestors are commemorated) in mid-August, and new year. However, national holidays can also mean discounts – for example, on Tokyo Citizens’ Day (October 1) many attractions waive admission fees. MORE : Five reasons you should head to Japan now it’s open for visitors again MORE : Japan’s hilarious Halloween trend where people dress up as mundanely as possible