A British couple were among the four people killed when two helicopters crashed in mid-air near Sea World on Australia’s Gold Coast. Ron Hughes, 65, and wife Diane, 57, were from Merseyside and only married in 2021. The 40-year-old pilot, Ash Jenkinson, who reportedly grew up in the West Midlands, was named as the third British victim. He had worked as a chief pilot at Sea World Helicopters since 2019. Friends praised his mentorship and the assistance he provided during catastrophic floods in the New South Wales town of Ballina last year. The Gold Coast Bulletin reported he became a father last year. Vanessa Tadros, 36, a mum from the Sydney suburb of Glenmore Park, was also named as having been killed in the crash on Monday. Three other passengers remain in hospital, including a 10-year-old boy, also from Glenmore Park, who is in a critical condition. Their helicopter had been in the air for less than 20 seconds when it collided with another Sea World Helicopter attempting to land. The pilot of the second aircraft managed to land safely on a sandy outcrop despite it being damaged in the smash. The passengers onboard included two couples in their 40s from New Zealand and a 27-year-old woman from Western Australia. The forensic crash unit is investigating the incident with help from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB). ATSB chief commissioner Angus Mitchell said it was a ‘remarkable achievement’ there were not more deaths. He said: ‘The second helicopter coming in to land has remarkably managed to land upright, and considering the damage that was done to the front left-hand section of that helicopter where the pilot was sitting, that’s a remarkable achievement. ‘Whilst it has been very tragic that four people have lost their lives and many families are in mourning, we could have had a far worse situation here and the fact that one helicopter managed to land has been quite remarkable.’ Mr Mitchell said the ‘evidence collection phase’ of the ATSB’s investigation would take about six to eight weeks. He added: ‘A final report will be published at the conclusion of the investigation, however, should any critical safety issues be identified at any stage during the course of the investigation, the ATSB will immediately notify relevant parties so appropriate safety action can be taken.’ One witness named John described hearing ‘a massive, massive bang’. ‘It was just huge’, he told Melbourne radio station 3AW. ‘I’m not sure if it was the propellers or whatever hitting against each other. But there was this poor lady and her son near the helipad in tears.’ Holiday visitors and people enjoying the water rushed to help the injured as debris covered an area that police said was difficult to access. Gary Worrell, Queensland state police acting inspector, said: ‘Members of the public and police tried to remove the people and they commenced first aid and tried to get those people to safety from an airframe that was upside down. ‘(People on) Jet Skis, family boaters, ordinary members of the public rushed to assist these people.’ Australia’s Prime Minister, Anthony Albanese, said his thoughts were with those affected by the incident. ‘Australia is shocked by the news of the terrible and tragic helicopter incident today on the Gold Coast,’ he said in a tweet. ‘My thoughts are with all those affected, including first responders, and my deepest sympathies are with those who are grieving.’ Queensland premier Annastacia Palaszczuk tweeted that it was an ‘unthinkable tragedy’. She said: ‘My deepest sympathies are with each of the families and everyone affected by this terrible accident.’ Sea World Helicopters, the helicopter company involved, said it would be closed ‘until further notice’. A placeholder message on the company’s website said: ‘Sea World Helicopters is devastated by the tragic accident which happened on the Gold Coast on the 2nd January. ‘Our deepest sympathy and condolences go out to all those involved over this very sad time. We are closed until further notice and will refund all tickets purchased.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.