Erik ten Hag has played down suggestions that Manchester United are in the Premier League title race following their 3-0 win over Bournemouth, while he fears Donny van de Beek has suffered a serious injury. Since losing their opening two matches of the campaign, the Red Devils have picked up 35 points from a possible 45 in their subsequent 15 matches and are just one point behind reigning champions and title favourites Manchester City – though have played a game more. Casemiro, Luke Shaw and Marcus Rashford all got on the score sheet against Bournemouth in what turned into a comfortable night for United and continued their 100 per cent record since the season resumed following the World Cup. Despite their lofty position in the Premier League standings and strong form, Ten Hag still feels his side are a work in progress and is not paying any attention to the sudden title talk. Asked if United are now title contenders, Ten Hag looked a little taken aback and replied: ‘That’s a big step! No, we have to go from game to game and get the progress. ‘I think the belief is growing, that’s a good signal. It’s good to have that feeling. ‘But we have to understand that we have to give 100% in every game: 100% energy, 100% focus and play as a team. ‘And if we keep in that philosophy, then much is possible, but we have to go from game to game and don’t think too much ahead. ‘It is now January, we are not even halfway through the season! So we are talking about the next game, against Everton, different [competition] but we have to focus on that but it’s coming quick. So let’s enjoy these 24 hours but then move on.’ One sour note from the match against Bournemouth was an injury picked up by Donny van de Beek, who was in tears when he left the pitch after being clattered into by Marcos Senesi – who slipped as he went into a challenge and ploughed into the United midfielder’s standing leg. Ten Hag fears Van de Beek could be sidelined for some time though United will have to wait a while for a full diagnosis: ‘It’s difficult to say just after the game so we have to wait 24 hours before we can give a good diagnosis. ‘Minimum 24 hours I would say. Yes, it is a concern. I can’t say [if it’s a leg break]. We have to wait 24 hours, but it does not look good.’ Anthony Martial was also subbed off after appearing to pick up a knock, but Ten Hag thinks the striker will be fine: ‘Yes I think so [he is okay]. We have seen he got a knock, but he continued the game and then he came off.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag explains Antony’s absence and why Raphael Varane was benched for Manchester United’s clash with Bournemouth MORE : Manchester United end Joao Felix interest and prepare €60m bid for France World Cup star For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 