James May has been spotted for the first time amid reports that Amazon Prime Video is cutting ties with his co-star Jeremy Clarkson. Earlier this week, Variety claimed that the streaming giant won’t be working with Clarkson beyond seasons of The Grand Tour and Clarkson’s Farm that have already been commissioned. This means that the Top Gear star won’t be appearing in any new shows on Prime Video beyond 2024. The reports came as Clarkson, 62, shared a statement in which he said he apologised to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry via email on Christmas Day after stating in a column published in The Sun that he ‘hated’ the Duchess of Sussex on a ‘cellular level’. May, who features alongside Clarkson and Richard Hammond in the popular series The Grand Tour, which streams on Prime Video, was photographed walking with a friend on Wednesday morning. The presenter, 60, was pictured getting a bit of fresh air as he wore a green coat, black trousers, and his signature glasses. At the time of writing, May is yet to speak out on the Clarkson drama, which has shown no sign of subsiding despite his apology. It also remains unclear what Clarkson’s speculated departure would mean for May and their co-host Hammond. Last month, Clarkson said he dreamed of the Duchess of Sussex being paraded through British towns and publicly shamed. The piece became the Independent Press Standards Organisation’s (Ipso) most complained-about article after its publication. The Sun later apologised and said it regretted the publication of the column which last week surpassed more than 25,000 complaints. Addressing the column on Monday, Clarkson said his language was ‘disgraceful’ and he is ‘profoundly sorry’, however, Harry and Meghan said he did not address ‘his long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny’. Harry previously branded the article about his wife ‘horrific, hurtful and cruel’ during an interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby. On Monday, May thanked fans for birthday wishes as he turned 60, however, noted that it was a ‘difficult time’. Taking to Twitter, he wrote: ‘Thank you for all your birthday wishes/crap jokes/sod offs. It is very comforting at this difficult time.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 