Jeremy Renner was ‘completely crushed’ by his snowplough in the horror incident which led to him being in intensive care. The Hawkeye actor, 51, was hospitalised in a critical but stable condition following an accident involving his own snowplough on January 1. Jeremy was airlifted to hospital, where he underwent surgery for ‘blunt chest trauma and orthopaedic injuries,’ and after time in intensive care shared an update with fans from his hospital bed assuring them he was recovering. Now notes from the 911 call about the accident have seemingly been released which includes harrowing details of the seriousness of the accident. In the call log and notes, obtained by US outlet TMZ, Jeremy is said to have been ‘completely crushed’ by the 14,000-pound Snowcat, and was bleeding heavily from his head and other injuries. Detailing the accident, it says Jeremy was having ‘extreme difficulty’ breathing as the right side of his chest collapsed and his upper torso was crushed. It states the actor could be heard moaning in pain in the background during the emergency call. It comes after a press conference held by Sheriff Darin Balaam on Tuesday, who said the Marvel actor was  assisting a family member outside his home on a snowy mountain on New Year’s Day when he suffered critical injuries. Sharing details on the incident, Balaam said: ‘On Sunday morning at 8.55am a 911 call was received for a crash, involving a snowcat vs a pedestrian. The subject has been run over by a snowcat in the area of Mount Rose Highway.’ According to the investigation, which is ongoing, Jeremy’s car was being driven by a family member on a private road, had become stuck. The actor, who is a Washoe County honourary deputy sheriff and much-loved member of the local community, had got his Snowcat in an effort to help get his vehicle moving. After successfully towing his personal vehicle, he got out of the plough. However the massive vehicle began to roll, and as Jeremy tried to get back into the Snowcat to stop it, he was run over. Balaam went on to note they didn’t suspect any foul play, or that the actor was impaired, and that it was a ‘tragic accident.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Jeremy for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Renner ‘wasn’t impaired’ at time of accident, police say, as sister reveals he’s ‘crushing’ progress goals MORE : Marvel stars rally around Jeremy Renner as he shares photo from hospital bed after accident  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 