Meet Jub Jub, the lizard with a better wardrobe than you. This bearded dragon’s owner, Anni Becherer, is a clothing designer. Anni, 47, has made her beloved pet outfits and including a motorcycle jacket, a Game of Thrones costume complete with a mini iron throne, and an Easter bunny suit. She first tested Jub Jubs comfort levels with the bunny costume, and found that he’s happy enough to wear clothes while he rests under his heat lamp in the afternoon. Anni – who runs her fashion business Anni’s Creations – took that knowledge and ran with it. ‘He doesn’t mind much when I put clothes on him as long as he can sit in his favourite spot on the window,’ Anni said. ‘He watches and judges the birds as I dress him.’ Anni, from Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, said getting Jub Jub wasn’t planned. ‘We popped into a pet store when we arrived early for an appointment to buy a car,’ she recalled. ‘The same day my daughter and I spotted a picture online of one dressed in a hoodie and I couldn’t stop thinking about it. ‘Suddenly Jub Jub was part of our family.’ Each of the lizard’s outfits can take up to a day to make because Anni has to create the costumes with incredibly accurate measurements, so they are comfortable for Jub Jub. She said his fits are ‘a tiny stretch from what I already do every day’ – except his have four armholes instead of two. In a bid to ‘prove that anything can be done’, Anni has made him everything from hoodies to a parka. She even made the little lizard a blonde wig – just like a Targaryen from the Game of Thrones universe – complete with his very own bearded dragon-sized Iron Throne. Anni said: ‘I’ve had people messaging me from as far away as Texas asking me to make costumes and sell them. ‘But I would never sell them. I just make them for fun for Jub Jub. ‘Not all bearded dragons like clothes on them anyway, so I’d probably have loads of returns. ‘It’s all for fun because the dragons don’t need clothes really. ‘They’re cold-blooded – so it’s not a case of needing to keep them warm. ‘I just dress Jub Jub up for pictures to put a smile on people’s faces.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Feast on these adorable snaps of the ‘cutest animal babies’ of the past year MORE : Six-foot Newfoundland kicked out of puppy school for sitting on smaller dogs MORE : Kitten goes on 250-mile journey halfway across the country under lorry bonnet