Two elderly people were killed and 12 others injured after a horror crash on a busy motorway. Emergency services were called to the scene between Junction 4 (High Wycombe) and Junction 5 (Stokenchurch) on the M40 in Buckinghamshire at around 8.15am today. Thames Valley Police said around eight vehicles were involved in the crash and two people sustained serious injuries, while another 10 suffered minor injuries and were taken to hospital. Police said a woman in her sixties and a man in his seventies, died at the scene. Their next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers, police said. Both sides of the motorway were closed for more than three hours to allow an air ambulance to land. The route remains closed southbound, though northbound re-opened at 11.30am. Officers are carrying out collision investigation work and then vehicle recovery and clean-up will take place, National Highways said. Thames Valley Police said: ‘Officers attended a report of an RTC involving multiple vehicles at around 8.15am today. Sadly two people have died. Their next of kin has been informed. ‘Two more people have been taken to hospital with serious injuries. A further 10 people sustained minor injuries, some of whom have been taken to hospital.’ Detective Chief Inspector Mike Bettington, of the Joint Operations Roads Policing Unit, said: ‘Our thoughts remain with the family and friends of the two people who died. ‘We are appealing to anyone who may have witnessed the collision, or who may have dash-cam footage, to please get in touch. ‘You can do this by calling 101 or making a report online, quoting reference 43230032159.’ A National Highways spokesperson added: ‘The M40 in Buckinghamshire is closed southbound between J5 (Stokenchurch) and J4 (Handy Cross / High Wycombe), due to a serious collision involving multiple vehicles. The incident occurred shortly before 8.15am this morning. ‘Thames Valley Police, Fire, Ambulance Services and National Highways Traffic Officers attended with Thames Valley Air Ambulance landing on the northbound carriageway. The northbound carriageway was also closed, but reopened circa 11.30. ‘Due to the nature of the incident, Thames Valley Police are carrying out collision investigation work. ‘Once complete, vehicle recovery and carriageway clean-up work can begin. The closure is expected to be protracted and in place for a considerable time today.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.