Romeo Beckham is continuing to follow in his famous dad’s footsteps, and has now signed with Brentford FC. The 20-year-old footie star, whose parents are, of course, David Beckham and Victoria Beckham, has joined the club’s reserve team on loan from Inter Miami. Romeo has been at the US club, which is co-owned by his father and coached by Phil Neville, since 2021, and made an appearance in a game against Barcelona. With Major League Soccer currently on a break in the States, Romeo joined Brentford a few months back in a bid to maintain his fitness and perfect his skills on the pitch. After the deal was announced, the second-eldest Beckham child said he is ‘very proud and very happy’ to be in his new kit. ‘I came here at the start to keep fit during the off-season,’ he said. ‘The chance then came to come on loan here, and I’ve never been so excited.’ Romeo added: ‘It was a fun season [in the USA] and there were a lot of ups and downs, but I’m excited to come here and see what I can do. ‘They’ve (the coaches) helped me massively over the last couple of months, and I’m excited to see what else they can help me with to really progress in football.’ Singing Brentford’s praises, he continued: ‘If you look at Brentford as a club, it’s very positive, and it’s a club that is on the rise very quickly. ‘I’m very grateful to be here.’ Sharing the exciting news on social media, Romeo posed with Becks outside the club, each holding one of the shirts. Proud dad David shared the snap to his own Instagram Story, writing: ‘Exciting start to the year. Now the hard work & fun begins. Proud of you mate @romeobeckham’. Older brother Brooklyn was also on hand to congratulate his sibling, commenting on his pic: ‘Well done lil bro xx’ ‘Congrats @romeobeckham ❤️’, added chef and family friend Gordon Ramsay. Speaking about Romeo’s signing, head coach of Brentford B, Neil MacFarlane, said: ‘We’ve been absolutely delighted with Romeo since he arrived with us. ‘He came to us from Inter Miami with the aim of working with us during their close season. Romeo has applied himself unbelievably well, he’s really bought into the culture and the group which he has become a big part of.’ The coach already ‘loves’ the way Romeo ‘conducts himself on and off the pitch.’ ‘He’s been able to get fitter and fitter during his time with us, and it leaves him in a good place to now step forward having joined us on loan.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Victoria Beckham jumps to Brooklyn Beckham’s defence over Sunday roast video: ‘It’s rare people, not raw’ MORE : Romeo Beckham and Mia Regan continue their loved-up display with all the PDA in cute photo booth snaps 