Everton have confirmed the appointment of Sean Dyche as their new manager. The 51-year-old has signed a two-and-a-half year deal at Goodison Park with his first game against Premier League leaders Arsenal on Saturday. The former Burnley boss will take over a side that has suffered nine Premier League defeats in 12 matches, a desperate run that cost Frank Lampard his job last Monday and has left the Toffees one place off the foot of the table. The 51-year-old spent 10 years at Turf Moor, winning two promotions from the Championship and even securing a seventh-place top-flight finish to take the club into Europe. But he was sacked last April with the Burnley embroiled in a relegation battle which they failed to escape from. Dyche is understood to have sanctioned the departure of wantaway winger Anthony Gordon, with a £40million deal, plus £5m of add-ons, thrashed out with Newcastle. ‘It’s an honour to become Everton manager. My staff and I are ready and eager to help get this great club back on track,’ said Dyche. ‘I know about Everton’s passionate fanbase and how precious this club is to them. We’re ready to work and ready to give them what they want. ‘That starts with sweat on the shirt, effort and getting back to some of the basic principles of what Everton Football Club has stood for for a long time. ‘We want to bring back a good feeling. We need the fans, we need unity and we need everyone aligned. That starts with us as staff and players. ‘Our aim is to put out a team that works, that fights and wears the badge with pride. The connection with the fans can then grow very quickly because they’re so passionate. ‘There is quality in this squad. But we have to make them shine. That’s the job of me and my staff. ‘We want to change the shape of this club going forward, remodel it in our style, but in a way that we can win. ‘That’s the task in front of us – make sure we’re building, tactically and technically, giving players organisation, allow them the freedom to play, to go and enjoy their football because it’s brilliant when the team’s playing with a smile, but we’ve got to win.’ MORE : Thomas Partey injury ‘not serious’ and Arsenal star is set to play next match against Everton MORE : Martin Keown slams ‘spoilt child’ Antony Gordon as Newcastle agree fee for Everton forward For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.