Chris Hemsworth may be Hollywood royalty but he met a real life couple much closer to the crown, after being pictured hanging out with Royal couple Zara and Mike Tindall. Former rugby star Mike, 44, can’t seem to get enough of Australia following his recent stint on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here, as he was back there this weekend, attending the Magic Millions Polo & Showjumping event with his equestrian wife Zara, granddaughter of the late Queen Elizabeth II. They bumped into great company while there with Marvel star Chris also attending with his actress wife Elsa Pataky. The two couples appeared to hit it off immediately and were seen sharing laughs while huddled together by a table as Elsa told an animated story to the group. At one point, Mike even wrapped his arm around new mate Elsa as they shared jokes with other attendees. Meanwhile, Zara, 41, and Elsa, 46, were more in-sync than perhaps they realised as both donned blue summer dresses. Their husbands looked sharp with Chris, 39, donning a white shirt with the top buttons casually undone while holding a glass of what appeared to be Aperol Spritz, while Mike kept it trendy in a blush pink blazer, blue shirt and white trousers. Mike and Zara were last seen in Australia in December after the royal flew out to meet her husband following his stint in the I’m A Celeb jungle. The couple made the most of their time Down Under and stayed for several days mingling with Mike’s campmates including Boy George, Scarlett Douglas, Chris Evans and Matt Hancock. Despite being one of the nation’s favourite campmates, Mike missed out on being crowned king of the jungle after England footballer Jill Scott won the series, with Hancock and Hollyoaks actor Owen Warner coming runners-up. Australia holds special memories for the couple as it’s where they first met during the Rugby World Cup in 2003. Recalling their first meeting on ITV’s I’m A Celeb, Mike said: ‘I was at the World Cup, she was out watching. I got dropped from the semi-final. I was pissed off and so I went for a beer with another guy who got dropped and a guy who was over [in Sydney]. They’d met her before and they introduced us and then got chatting. ‘First actual date, just went out for lunch locally. And ended up being quite a boozy one. Then we figured out that we both quite like getting smashed. It was a good start.’ Their new friends Chris and Elsa, who live in the actor’s native Australia, just returned from a relaxing holiday in Fiji where they spent New Year’s with their three children; daughter India, 10, and twins Tristan and Sasha, eight. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 