A nine-year-old girl made a prehistoric discovery while out on the beach looking for fossils on Christmas Day. Molly Sampson discovered a gigantic magalodon tooth in the waters of Chesapeake Bay in Maryland in the United States. No stranger to ancient artifacts, Molly apparently told her mother that she was ‘going to look for Meg’ that morning. Molly has found over 400 teeth during her expeditions to the beach, but this 13-centimetre long specimen is the largest. ‘My husband has looked for them his entire life! We’ve always lived close to the bay so all of our kids have done it since they were little,’ Molly’s mother Alicia Sampson told the Daily Mail. ‘Molly said she wanted to start screaming when she found the tooth because she was so excited!’ she said. ‘I wasn’t there because it was too cold for me, but my husband said she started shrieking, saying, ‘look what I found!’ ‘This is something she’s always wanted to find.’ ‘Molly is a super shy kid, so she isn’t one to like the spotlight, but she also knows it’s more about this amazing tooth.’ The megalodon was a giant apex predator that lived between 23 and 3.6 million years ago in oceans around the world. Experts believe it possibly grew to be as big as 20 metres in length. For comparison, the largest great white sharks today can reach a total length of only six metres. It was capable of covering vast distances in short order, and could eat the largest of modern living super-predators, the killer whale, in five gargantuan bites. It could have swallowed a great white shark whole. Megalodon was the largest shark that ever lived, and it was around for a long time – from around 23 million to 2.6 million years ago. At one time its range was enormous: its fossilised teeth have been found on every continent except Antarctica. These teeth are not hard to recognise if you come across them, as they can be up to 18 centimetres long. MORE : Fossilised cockroach sperm preserved in 30,000,000-year-old amber MORE : The mighty megalodon could swallow a great white shark whole, new research shows