‘America, let’s talk.’ That’s how M&M’s – yes, the chocolate brand – opened in a statement announcing that it would be retiring its iconic cartoon mascots. This week, Mars – its parent company – announced that the seven personified M&M’s (one of each colour) that appear frequently on TV adverts, will be replaced with American comedian Maya Rudolph. On Monday, M&M’s said in a statement that while the company had made some changes to its ‘spokescandies’, it didn’t think anyone would notice – and it definitely didn’t think it would be so ‘polarising’. ‘We definitely didn’t think it would break the internet,’ the company said. ‘But now we get it – even a candy’s shoes can be polarising. Which is the last thing M&M’s wanted since we’re all about bringing people together. ‘Therefore, we have decided to take an indefinite pause from the spokescandies.’ It added: ‘We are confident Ms. Rudolph will champion the power of fun to create a world where everyone feels they belong.’ The move came after what has been called a ‘manufactured outrage campaign’ by media commentators such as Fox News’ Tucker Carlson, who complained that M&M’s had become too ‘woke’ after they changed the shoes of their female characters. In January last year, M&M’s announced a ‘fresh, modern take on the looks of our beloved characters and more nuanced personalities to underscore the importance of self-expression and power of community through storytelling.’ This included swapping the green mascot’s ‘sexy boots’ for sneakers, and giving the brown charcter smaller heels – rather than stilettos. Tucker appeared outraged at the decision, stating that: ‘M&M’s will not be satisfied until every last cartoon character is deeply unappealing and totally androgynous. ‘Until the moment when you wouldn’t want to have a drink with any one of them.  That’s the goal. ‘When you’re totally turned off, we’ve achieved equity – they’ve won.’ Later, Tucker expressed his distaste towards a second rebrand in which the green mascot got her boots back – but was depicted holding hands with the brown M&M and a ‘plus-sized’ purple M&M was introduced. Earlier this month, the company also launched limited-edition packaging featuring only the female characters, with proceeds going to female-focused charities. While the move was meant to put an end to the ‘culture wars’, some people took issue with the latest decision. One person said the company had reversed its decision to support women and others criticised M&M’s for backing down to Tucker Carlson and fuelling the ‘media storm’. On the other hand, Maya Rudolph has said she is ‘thrilled’ to be working with the company. ‘I am a lifelong lover of the candy and I feel like it’s such an honour to be asked to be part of such a legendary brand’s campaign,’ she said. Metro.co.uk have reached out to Mars for a comment and will update the piece with a response. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘For walks in the park or strolls after dark’: Sainsbury’s poster receives criticism online for not considering women’s safety MORE : We tried Tom Hanks’ Diet Coke and champagne cocktail – here’s what we really thought MORE : Instead of Dry January, think Try January: The best wines to try on a budget this month