Molly-Mae Hague said it was ‘crazy’ how close it was until she meets her first child with Tommy Fury. The Love Island star and her boyfriend, 23, announced they were expecting a bundle of joy at the end of last year, with a chic black-and-white photo montage. Since then, the influencer has regularly been updating fans about her pregnancy journey, including candidly sharing she cried every day during the beginning stages. In a video posted to her YouTube account on Wednesday, the mum-to-be reflected on her third trimester, admitting she will ‘miss’ being with child. Molly-Mae explained: ‘I think I’ll really miss the feeling of having a little person inside me that survives off me and it sounds really, really cringy and I will literally end on this but when you’re pregnant, you never feel lonely. ‘Like you literally never feel alone. Why am I getting choked up saying that? What the hell? You never feel lonely like you’re always with someone. ‘And that is like such a special feeling like when I’m at the house by myself or like when I’m here and I’m home alone or whatever or Tommy’s snipped out or whatever or I never ever feel lonely or by myself.’ Molly-Mae also said the most asked question from fans was when she’s expecting to go into labour, having previously teased that the baby is possibly due at the end of January. She explained: ‘I’ve not been specific with dates but I’m obviously at the very end of third trimester. Done most of it. ‘I literally only have a couple of weeks left now until I’m giving birth. It’s crazy.’ She explained she ‘probably should’ve shared it from the start because it’s really not a big deal’ but wanted to keep one part of the pregnancy private. Molly-Mae added: ‘I don’t know why I’ve hidden it this whole time but I wanted to keep one thing to myself. Last month, clearly in full nesting mode, Molly-Mae began sharing the adorable pieces she’s packing in her baby bag. The Harry Potter fan shared a pack of themed muslins, penning: ‘Packing for baby… Gotta start her off on the right foot.’ In another picture, Molly-Mae shared an adorable duckling sweater set before a hilarious video of one of her cats coming to perch on the baby’s outfit in the nursery. ‘I swear he does things like this on purpose,’ she joked. Molly Mae and Tommy got together during series five of Love Island, where they finished as runners-up to Amber Gill and Greg O’Shea. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Molly-Mae Hague emotional after revealing grandma’s health is deteriorating: ‘I don’t really ever speak about family stuff’ MORE : Love Island’s Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury enjoy night out to celebrate New Year ahead of welcoming first child 