Stacey Solomon has shared an update on the last stages of her pregnancy and she’s very much still bumping along. The Loose Women presenter is currently expecting her fifth child and third with husband Joe Swash, after surprising fans with the news that she was pregnant in December. Many have been counting down the clock along with Stacey, 33, as she recently revealed her due date is much sooner than you’d realise. After taking just a moment’s silence on social media, the TV star returned to assure fans that her baby’s still in the oven and yet to be born. She shared a sweet photo to her Instagram stories of resting a cup of coffee against her bump as her daughter Rose, one, watched on with a smile. ‘Happy Tuesday everyone,’ Stacey captioned the post, adding: ‘Still full bump, this pickle is in no hurry [cry-laughing emoji] Been trying to bring a bit of spring into the house today… Hope you’re all ok. Lots of love from me, Rose, bump & bun bun.’ Last week, the former X Factor singer revealed she was trying different methods in an attempt to induce labour and husband Joe, 41, couldn’t have been more amused. Stacey posted a photo of herself squatting in her kitchen at Pickle Cottage – the family’s Essex home – donning cosy pyjamas and her hair in a messy bun. ‘Happy Friday from me squatting at every opportunity just to try and let gravity do some of the work before labour kicks in’, she wrote to her 5.5million followers. ‘Did anyone else do this at the end?’, she asked. ‘Or am I just a weirdo?’ Sharing Joe’s reaction to the whole thing, she added: ‘Joe thinks it’s hilarious’, followed by a cry laughing emoji. Stacey has been keeping herself busy in recent weeks, promoting the return of her TV series Sort Your Life Out and being snapped up for a new TV role with Reese Witherspoon’s production company. She also enjoyed her magical baby shower which was held in her kitchen, transformed into a magical floral wonderland. It’ll be the couple’s third child together and seven overall in their blended family, as Joe was already father to son Harry, 14, from his previous relationship with ex-fiancee Emma Sophocleous, while Stacey has sons Zach, 14, and Leighton, 10, with former partners Dean Cox and Aaron Barnham respectively. Together, they currently share son Rex, three, and Rose who was born on Stacey’s 32nd birthday in October 2021. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon transforms kitchen into floral wonderland as she hosts magical baby shower: ‘I feel so grateful’ MORE : Joe Swash highly amused at Stacey Solomon’s attempt to induce labour 