A new map reveals which parts of London would be affected by a proposed expansion of the Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ). ULEZ is a designated area in London where a fee is charged for driving the most polluting vehicles – typically older cars. London Mayor Sadiq Khan announced that the ultra-low emission zone will be expanded across all London boroughs from 29 August. Hundreds of thousands of drivers across London could face a daily charge of £12.50 every time they drive if their vehicle does not meet emission standards. Drivers will not be charged if they are parked within an ultra-low emission zone or on days where they do not drive. Transport for London (TfL) has estimated that on an average day about 160,000 cars and 42,000 vans that use London’s roads would be liable for the fee. The scheme is currently limited to all areas within the North and South Circular Roads, but Mr Khan plans to expand the scheme across the entirety of Greater London. If the plans go ahead, ULEZ would cover the same area as the current Low Emission Zone, up to the Kent border and into Essex. Sadiq Khan has been accused of providing ‘false and misleading’ information about a consultation over the planned ULEZ expansion. The Mayor’s office is accused of lowering the level of opposition in the final count from 62% to 59%. Rishi Sunak has called on Sadiq Khan to scrap the planned ULEZ expansion after anger from Conservative MPs including David Simmons. Hillingdon, Bexley, Bromley and Sutton councils have also hit out at the scheme. The exact date for a decision on the scheme is not yet known. Areas include in the new 2023 ULEZ expansion are: North London: East London: South London: West London: Vehicles are charged if they do not comply with the current European emission standards. This depends on how much nitrogen dioxide a vehicle omits. For diesel cars and vans to avoid the charge they must generally have been registered from 2016, while most petrol models registered from 2006 are exempt. Drivers can check the status of their vehicle by entering its registration number on TfL’s website.