Katherine Ryan has broken her silence after Romesh Ranganathan claimed she insisted on a ‘no touching’ rule for new sitcom Romantic Getaway. The duo star as Deacon and Allison in the six-part comedy series, a couple who decide to defraud their dodgy boss of £500,000 so they can afford another round of IVF after countless failed attempts. However, after accidentally adding an extra 0 to the amount they wanted, they quickly find themselves wrapped up in an investigation while trying to figure out how to hide their crime… all while not touching each other. But despite playing lovers – and being close pals in real life – Romesh, 44, previously revealed Katherine, 39, lay down some ground rules on set. ‘Despite playing a couple, Katherine, who is a really good mate of mine made it clear from the very beginning that there would be no touching – she was adamant,’ he said while appearing on The Graham Norton Show in December. ‘In fact I think it was a deal breaker for her,’ he added. Romesh later clarified on Good Morning Britain that the rule was enforced because: ‘Katherine said that she thinks we’re far along enough in our marriage in the show that we wouldn’t touch each other that much.’ However, appearing on Friday’s The One Show, Katherine had a different tale to tell presenters Alex Jones and Roman Kemp, joking that while Romesh is a ‘wonderful’ man he’s also a ‘liar’. Saying they were best friends, Katherine explained: ‘That’s not exactly what I said. The thing about Romesh is he’s a wonderful man but he’s also a liar. ‘What I said was no intimacy unless it’s real,’ with Alex remarking that was ‘very different’ to Romesh’s narrative. Katherine continued: ‘I said I’m full method no touching at all, no, unless it’s real. It was Romesh who backed out of that. I was prepared to go all in.’ The One Show continues on Monday on BBC One at 7pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan’s husband was nervous over her ‘spicy’ Louis Theroux interview about sexual predator MORE : Icon Katherine Ryan ‘confirms’ Pete Davidson’s BDE: ‘I have information – it’s huge’ 