A huge fire erupted at a chemical plant following an explosion, prompting an order for residents to shelter-in-place. The explosion happened around 9am on Wednesday at the Carus Chemical plant in LaSalle, which is about 100 miles southwest of Chicago, Illinois, and has a population of less than 10,000. All of the workers at the plant evacuated and no one was hurt, according to a spokesperson for Carus LLC, the family-owned company running the plant. Videos shared on social media showed plumes of black smoke spewing from the site. Several buildings in the complex were obliterated or damaged. Police Chief Mike Smudzinski said: ‘Hats off to the fire department because I think a good portion of this blaze was knocked down within a good hour.’ Deputy City Clerk Brent Bader told WLS that the fire department did ‘a great job of bringing this down’. ‘Obviously, when they arrived on scene it was quite a worse situation,’ Bader said. Residents north and west of the plant were told to shelter-in-place as a precaution. The order remained in place until 12.30pm, the News Tribune reported. As of 1.15pm, the fire was under control but continued to burn, officials said. Police announced to the public that a green-colored oxidizer leaked into the area and warned against touching it. Carus manufactures the oxidant that is used to treat drinking and waste water. It is also used on phosphates for controlling corrosion and on carbon capture products for purifying air, its website states. Residents who encounter the substance their their homes can deactivate it with a 1:1:1 mixture of peroxide, vinegar and water, police said. The Peru Township High School District 120 notified the community of the fire on Facebook and said the campus was safe. ‘We have been advised that it is safe to continue school as usual at this time,’ the district wrote. ‘School administrators will continue to monitor the situation.’ The cause of the fire is still under investigation. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.