It’s going to be an emotional journey for 1000lbs Best Friends star Meghan Crumpler in Wednesday’s episode, with a spoiler clip teasing she fears she’s gained weight following her weight loss surgery. The television personality, 44, has been struggling to stay motivated in the second season of the TLC show after initially dropping 200lbs following her gastric operation. In a preview video shared exclusively with Metro.co.uk, it seems as though Meghan is facing an uphill battle and feels discouraged by her lack of progress. Speaking to her co-stars Vanessa Cross, Ashley Sutton, and Tina Arnold, she says: ‘For me in my head, and it may be wrong, but I feel like the weakest link. I know ya’ll gonna think I’m crazy.’ Clearly concerned by Meghan’s remarks, Ashley tells the camera in a confessional: ‘Meg’s in a scary place right now. ‘When you realise you can gain weight even after having weight loss surgery, that’s where Dr Procter comes in.’ She continues: ‘He will lead her to the correct resources that she needs to continue with her weight loss. ‘Had I done that, I feel like I would have been successful with my first weight loss surgery, so this is the point where it could either go really well or it could turn around fast, and she could go back to gaining all of her weight back.’ Eventually, Meghan plucks up the courage to weigh herself. ‘I know I’m at least 10lbs, maybe more,’ she says as she approached the scales. ‘Oh, I hate you all.’ The last time Meghan paid a visit to see Dr Procter she weighed 303lbs. Has she done enough to keep the weight off? 1000lbs Best Friends season 2 continues Wednesday, January 11, at 10pm ET/PT. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 