‘I’ve met the mum, bowling with the family, they’ll treat me like their girlfriend, but just never with the label,’ said Olivia Hawkins, one of the new crop of Islanders looking for love. Love Island’s Olivia spoke about ‘the girlfriend experience’ on the first episode of the new season – and it’s safe to say a lot of us have been in her shoes (or rather, platform heels). The phrase ‘girlfriend experience’ was originally coined in the sex industry, as part of escort work where men would pay for a woman to act like their girlfriend. But it also applies to the complicated dating situations a lot of us find ourselves in. Dating and relationship expert, Sarah Louise Ryan, gave Metro.co.uk the inside scoop on ‘the girlfriend experience’ – and what to do if you find yourself in this position. If you’re getting the ‘girlfriend experience’ from a pseudo-partner, it’s likely the relationship is one-sided. Sarah says: ‘The girlfriend experience is where on the surface it looks and feels like two people are in a relationship. However, the partner of the girlfriend is getting all of her, but not committing or giving her their all in return.’ But recognising or admitting to yourself that you’re only getting the ‘girlfriend experience’ and not the real deal can be hard – so what are the signs? ‘It looks like emotional connection, dates, dinners, physical intimacy, consistency in connection but without the pseduo-boyfriend of the female committing,’ Sarah adds. This situation is different to a situationship, which mutually fulfils both you and your partner’s needs. Sarah says: ‘Often situationships are a fancy term for friends with benefits. ‘The connection is situational and two people are fulfilling each others needs either emotionally or sexually or both – but there is no commitment and they accept that it is what it is. It’s a situation with limits to commitment – it’s not all in. ‘But “the girlfriend experience”, more often than not, is when one side wants to be all in and is giving the person her all.’ If you’re giving someone ‘the girlfriend experience’ and your pseudo-partner won’t commit, it may be because they have unresolved issues from past relationships. ‘Someone might be able to go to the extent of having you around their family and friends but not fully commit, because they are not able to do so. ‘Something may be stopping them such as unhealed hurts from previous relationships, intimacy issues, or a fear of things working out,’ explains Sarah. ‘Or, it could be a conscious attempt to feel seen, heard, valued and validated by someone – getting the best of them – while preserving themselves.’ Can you initiate a shift from ‘the girlfriend experience’ to an actual official girlfriend status? Yes, but it’s all in the communication. ‘The only way to have a shift between where you are and what you want is to communicate it clearly,’ says Sarah. Of course, the fear of rejection can be intense – but it’s better you know either way. Sarah adds: ‘Communicating with confidence what you want and deserve – you need to say what you need to say with love for yourself and conviction.’ And Sarah says that communication is the only way you’ll really get answers from your psuedo-partner. ‘You have to take the courage to conversationally explore with the person you are sharing your time, emotions and body with,’ she continues. ‘Without conversing and communicating what you want, you are also choosing a situation that isn’t fulfilling to you.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘It’s easy to emotionally invest in the idea of someone’: How to get over an imaginary relationship MORE : The dreamy Italian villa from The White Lotus is available to rent on Airbnb MORE : These A-list owned hotels have serious star quality