Guitar legend Tom Verlaine, who rose to fame in the 1970s as the frontman of rock band Television, has died at the age of 73. Verlaine’s death was announced by Jesse Paris Smith, the daughter of long-time friend and collaborator Patti Smith. Her American singer, songwriter mother was romantically linked to the musician in the past. Smith did not reveal his cause of death, but she confirmed that he died ‘after a brief illness.’ She wrote in her loving tribute: ‘Dearest Tom. The love is immense and forever. My heart is too intensely full to share everything now, and finding the words is too deep of a struggle. ‘The feeling is inside is so heavy, though your spirit is light and lifted, it is everywhere, completely and truly free. ‘I love you always and forever, and will always remember and hold close the touch of your hand – hands of a beautiful creator and of a love more warm, tender, delicate, and true that one can ever dream. ‘There has never been another like you and there never will be. What a blessing and gift I was given to share my time on earth with you. ‘I will be grateful to the end of my life, and we will see you again beyond that, meeting you there wherever you’ve gone. Thank you leading the way.’ Verlaine’s romance with Smith is said to have begun after they met on the punk scene in New York and they collaborated on a number of projects. Having remained on good terms, Smith paid tribute to Tom on her Instagram page last year. She wrote: ‘There is none like Tom, synthesising Coltranesque improvisation, surf music and Sufi like mysticism, to form his unique style, highlighted by masterful use of the tremolo bar on his Fender Jazz. Master.’ Verlaine was born Tom Miller, adopting his stage name in homage to the French symbolist poet, Paul Verlaine. He was the lead vocalist and guitarist for Television from 1973 until 2023. After they split, he went on to released eight solo albums between 1979 and 1992. Television reformed in 1992, releasing a self-titled third album, and remained active on and off in later years. The band has since been hailed as a prime influence on the alternative rock of the 1980s and 1990s. Music fans and stars have paid tribute to Verlaine, with Mike Scott of The Waterboys tweeting: ‘Tom Verlaine has passed over to the beyond that his guitar playing always hinted at. ‘He was the best rock and roll guitarist of all time, and like Hendrix could dance from the spheres of the cosmos to garage rock. That takes a special greatness.’ Will Sergeant, guitarist of Echo & The Bunnymen also wrote: ‘Tom Verlaine’s playing meant the world to me. If I ever played anything that sounded like him I was happy. He set me on my path as a guitarist, thank you Tom.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Faithless star Maxi Jazz laid to rest in London funeral after he died aged 65 MORE : Pamela Anderson’s ex-husband of 12 days ‘leaves her $10,000,000 in his will’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 