Villagers say the development of a huge housing estate has ruined the local countryside and made their lives hell. Homeowners in Moulton Chapel, Lincs, have been left fuming at the construction project, which they claim has replaced their scenic views with an ‘ugly’ building site. Residents speak about being ‘driven mad’ by the ear-splitting sound of machinery on a daily basis, and can’t leave their windows open as their homes get covered in thick dust. They say constant drilling, which begins each day at 7am on Roman Road, is causing their living rooms walls to vibrate and leaving their gardens covered in dirt. Locals also fear that once newbuilds are completed they will lose their own privacy because new houses will overlook their front rooms and bedrooms. A number of the two, three, four and five-bedroom homes are being built just yards away from the borders of people’s gardens, ‘spoiling views’ of the surrounding fields. Some families have even claimed they will be forced to move once the construction is complete as the new homes will be ‘too close’ to their front doors. Willa Vickers, 71, has lived in her property for 15 years and says one of the newbuild gardens will back directly onto hers. She said: ‘I didn’t realise how close it would be to my home. When the work began, I was met with a dust storm which continued for many months. ‘I can’t believe that it was allowed to be built right up to our fences. ‘The noise from the heavy machinery was awful. It used to send vibrations through my house – even the slots in my toaster began to rattle. ‘I now worry about the privacy of my home when the development is complete. ‘The developers have apologised for the disruption, but anyone can do that.’ Another resident, who does not wish to be named, said one of the new houses is being built metres from her front living room. ‘The first house on the new estate is a two-storey house and looks right into my house due to how high the developers have raised the ground,’ said the 40-year-old foster carer, who lives with her 57-year-old partner. ‘We suddenly feel very overlooked and we care for vulnerable children in our home, so I worry about our privacy. ‘There are at least 20 more new houses being built near the back of our house and they run across our garden and fields, and so we feel like we won’t have any privacy in our garden either. ‘Dust was coming into my house constantly and I was having to clean it every day. ‘When the builders were drilling, my walls in the house would shake and vibrate. I did not expect it to be this disruptive. ‘Now, my main concern is that when the housing estate is finished, we will lose all our privacy as the houses being built are raised and can see into our house.’ A third local resident, who wished to remain anonymous, added: ‘Before this we had lovely views of the countryside and fields and now it’s just an ugly building site. ‘Before too long, all the sunlight will be blocked out and hundreds of extra people will descend on the village, which will struggle to cope with all the extra traffic. ‘I think a lot of people will move house now because of this. It’s driving everyone mad and it’s spoiled a lovely area.’ The multi-million pound Chapel Gate development, led by Allison Homes, began on April 19, 2021 and is due to be completed some time this year. An Allison Homes spokesman said: ‘Our Chapel Gate development in Moulton Chapel received full planning consent from South Holland District Council in 2021. ‘The levels on site have been formed to achieve the gradients that are required for a sustainable drainage system. ‘We understand there are local concerns and are speaking with the residents and the council to address these. ‘We have also agreed to stop our work on site while these discussions take place. ‘The development will provide 86 high-quality new homes, including a number of bungalows and affordable properties, as well as public green, open spaces. ‘As part of our legal obligation to the Local Authority, a total of £141,144 will be made in Section 106 payments towards the provision of services and infrastructure. ‘In this case this has been allocated to the local primary school and medical centre. ‘We believe that the finished development will deliver a successful outcome for the new and existing residents, and we look forward to working with all stakeholders to ensure that this happens.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.