Kylie Jenner has been praised by Peta for her latest head-turning outfit at Schiaparelli’s Haute Couture show in Paris. The 25-year-old raised eyebrows as she headed out in the French capital, donning a stunning black gown complete with a giant lion’s head protruding from the center, and gold-tipped shoes. As you do. In the caption of her Instagram post about the unique look, the mom-of-two made it clear that the animal head was fake, in case anyone got the wrong idea. ‘BEAUTY AND THE BEAST,’ she wrote. ‘Thank you @danielroseberry and @schiaparelli for such a special morning. Wow I loved wearing this faux art creation constructed by hand using manmade materials. Beautiful beautiful.’ Despite some blasting the beauty mogul in the comments below, slamming her for allegedly promoting ‘animal cruelty’, Peta has since spoken out in favor of the look. ‘These fabulously innovative three-dimensional animal heads show that where there’s a will, there’s a way – and Kylie, Naomi [Campbell] and Irina [Shayk]’s looks celebrate the beauty of wild animals and may be a statement against trophy hunting, in which lions and wolves are torn apart to satisfy human egotism,’  Ingrid Newkirk, president of the organization, told Metro.co.uk in a statement. ‘Next up: Peta urges Kylie and the others to extend this creativity to exclude sheep shorn bloody for wool and silkworms boiled alive in their cocoons. ‘We encourage everyone to stick with 100% cruelty-free designs that showcase human ingenuity and prevent animal suffering.’ ‘Kylie’s look celebrates lions’ beauty and may be a statement against trophy hunting, in which lion families are torn apart to satisfy human egotism,’ Ingrid added to TMZ. Kylie wasn’t the only person that was draped in faux animal heads, as Naomi Campbell and Irina Shayk wore similar looks – which appeared to embody the theme of ’embroidered animals’. However, fans were less than impressed by the outfit, and flooded her comments section with furious messages. ‘Real or not I think this perpetuates the acceptance of wearing animals as trophies which is so wrong,’ a follower said. ‘I’m so disappointed to see this.’ ‘Wether it’s “man made” or not this looks eerily real and disturbing [sic],’ another fumed. ‘This is so dumb, manmade or not. Why are we using heads of animals for fashion,’ a fan agreed. As an Instagram user added: ‘Why would you walk around with a Lion head when it’s still be hunted and poached … we should not display them like trophies …. So sad [sic].’ The brand’s official Instagram page gave fans a look into the design process, insisting that no animals were harmed in the look. ‘Embroidered animals for @schiaparelli’s Inferno Couture,’ they wrote. ‘The leopard, the lion, and the she-wolf – representing lust, pride, and avarice in Dante’s iconic allegory – in hand sculpted foam, resin, wool and silk faux fur, hand painted to look as life-like as possible. ‘NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED IN MAKING THIS LOOK [sic].’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Elizabeth Debicki and younger sister Catherine easy to mistake for twins as they pose at Dior show for Paris Fashion Week MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins – Why did Ant Middleton leave and who has replaced him?  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 