Britain’s Got Talent star Francine Lewis has admitted she did have initial concerns over playing Kim Kardashian in Deep Fake Neighbour Wars, but quickly overcame them. The impressionist, who made it to the final of Britain’s Got Talent in 2013, is one of the stars of the trippy new ITVX series, which uses the latest in AI technology to turn the UK’s best impressionists into the world’s most famous celebrities. However, in this world, Hollywood stars aren’t quite living the life of luxury and are instead making money as schoolteachers, postmen and even a dental hygienist. In it, Francine plays Kim Kardashian, who is working as a bus driver in Catford. Even climate activist Greta Thunberg has switched things up, living life as a teenage mother who lives on Southend-on-Sea. They’ve all also become embroiled in some tense, silly, and downright head-scratching neighbourhood disputes. While deep fakes have attracted controversy in some cases, Francine isn’t too worried about how they’ve been used here. ‘I did have those [moral, ethical and legal] questions when I signed up but if anyone gets sued, it’s not me,’ she said. ‘I’m not worrying about it, but I did ask those questions because I was wondering if we could get away with that. ‘If you are saying things you shouldn’t be saying and you are giving the impression that you are that person you can get into trouble for it, but they [ITV and the show’s production company Tiger Aspect] are big enough and must have all the legal requirements in place.’ There will also be a disclaimer in each episode to remind people what they’re seeing is a result of some smoke and mirrors. ‘I think most people would know [it isn’t the celebrity], but there might be the odd person who is a bit confused,’ she said. ‘If you were turning on your TV and saw them, you wouldn’t query it at first and would be wondering what they are doing so I do think important to have that disclaimer.’ The six episodes also end with each deep fake falling away and revealing the actor. ‘That was funny actually because we have to wiggle our heads and become ourselves and I remember thinking I had the short straw because I am turning from Kim into myself,’ Francine joked. Still wrapping her head around the ‘unbelievable’ technology, Francine finally saw herself on the big screen last week and was ‘blown away’. ‘I can’t believe that I am that person on the screen. It was crazy,’ she said. A world first project, Francine believes it will fascinate people. ‘I think this show is going to be a major success because it is something that has never been done before,’ she said. ‘Also the script is hilarious and the situations they’ve put these celebrities in are so funny. ‘I think people are going to love it.’ Written by a team including two of last year’s Edinburgh Comedy Award nominees Jordan Gray and Josh Pugh, the show also features impressionists and comedians including Katia Kvinge, Al Foran, Scheiffer Bates, Carmen Green, Aurie Styla, Luke Kempner, Tony Lapidus and Yiannis Vassilakis amongst others. Deep Fake Neighbour Wars is streaming on ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian labeled ‘iconic’ as she embraces ‘Essex Girl’ look for TikTok makeup tutorial MORE : How does ITVX’s new reality series Loaded in Paradise work? 