Rishi Sunak appears to have forgotten to wear his seatbelt in the back of his luxury car. The PM was filmed talking about his New Year’s ‘promise’ to grow the economy in a brief clip posted on Instagram. It was all rather ordinary until eagle-eyed viewers spotted Mr Sunak was not wearing a seatbelt in a moving car. Current law states passengers who are found not wearing their seatbelts can be given an on-the-spot fine of £100. It has prompted a wave of anger at what appears to be a serious breach of road safety. Michael Dunn tweeted: ‘As holder of the highest office in the land, the prime minister should lead by example. ‘The fact he’s breaking the most basic law imaginable (and has been recorded doing so) is embarrassing imo [in my opinion]. These people draft legislation but clearly don’t think it’s meant for them.’ Journalist Gemma Stone asked: ‘I assume the Met Police will be issuing Rishi Sunak with a fine over this as per UK law yeah?’ Mr Sunak has admitted a ‘brief error of judgment’ in removing his seatbelt, Downing Street said. A spokesperson said the Tory leader ‘removed his seatbelt to film a short clip’ and ‘fully accepts this was a mistake and apologises.’ ‘The Prime Minister believes everyone should wear a seatbelt,’ the statement added. The PM is also taking heat for flying 41 minutes in an RAF jet from London to Blackpool when a train takes less than three hours. Labour accused him of ‘jetting around the country on taxpayers’ money like an A-list celeb’ and making a ‘mockery’ of his environmental strategy. A single fare for a London Euston to Blackpool train costs £73.40, or £189.80 during peak hours. First class could cost £257. Last week, Downing Street defended Mr Sunak flying to Leeds because there is a ‘great deal of pressure’ on his schedule. He went on to take an RAF plane to Scotland as he announced two new ‘green’ freeports. Tory MP Mark Jenkinson defended Mr Sunak’s jet use saying ‘he’s the Prime Minister, multiple train changes with a security detail and unreliable’ Avanti West Coast trains ‘would be madness’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.