His Dark Materials star Dafne Keen has addressed the possibility of reprising her character Laura from X-Men movie Logan, revealing she’d definitely be on board if the call came. In 2017, the actor made her Marvel debut opposite Hugh Jackman, playing Wolverine’s biological daughter, who was created using the fan-favourite superhero’s DNA. The 18-year-old is currently starring in the final season of His Dark Materials, based on the book trilogy of the same name by author Sir Philip Pullman, having first been cast as the lead character Lyra Belacqua in 2019. At the recent London premiere for the last instalment of the BBC series, Metro.co.uk had the chance to speak with Dafne and hear whether playing Laura again could be on the horizon for her in the near future. Considering the incredibly positive response she received for her ferocious and tear-jerking performance as X-23, fans will be happy to know that she would be open to playing the part once again. ‘I love Laura and if I got the call I would be there in seconds,’ she said. ‘She’s a brilliant character, so I’d definitely say yes to that, but I haven’t gotten the call. Crossed fingers!’ When Logan came out six years ago, it was understood that it would mark the final appearance for Hugh, 54, as the character. However, in September last year, a teaser for Deadpool 3 confirmed that the actor would be making a surprise comeback as Logan alongside Ryan Reynolds’ Wade Wilson. So perhaps now could be the time for Logan to officially pass the baton onto Laura to continue the legacy of Wolverine on the big screen in the Marvel Cinematic Universe as X-23? Dafne recently revealed the invaluable advice Hugh gave her while filming the epic, critically acclaimed blockbuster, saying that she ‘learnt the ropes’ from the Hollywood star. ‘Hugh Jackman was so great as the number one on set at teaching me how to treat crew,’ she told Marie Claire UK. ‘He was the most brilliant person with the crew, he taught me how the distance between cast and crew is wrong and that everyone is to be treated equally. ‘He was close with everyone from the crew, he knew everyone’s names and would get people lottery tickets each week. I learnt the ropes from him and feel very lucky to have been taught that by him.’ While discussing the third season of His Dark Materials with Metro.co.uk, Dafne opened up on the biggest challenges she faced when making the final batch of episodes. ‘I think trying to make the relationships more mature, and trying to make subtle changes in Lyra to make her more adult, but still have that kind of adult/child hybrid that I think she has at that age,’ she shared. Following the conclusion of the BBC show, fans may be hoping that a TV adaptation of Sir Philip’s Book of Dust trilogy could be in the works, especially as the second book in the series, The Secret Commonwealth, features a 20-year-old Lyra. A follow-up spin-off is yet to be announced, but we’re holding out hope. His Dark Materials next airs tonight at 7pm on BBC One and is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : His Dark Materials star Ruth Wilson talks ‘wild’ reunion between Mrs Coulter and James McAvoy’s Lord Asriel in season 3 MORE : His Dark Materials writer Jack Thorne shares important element of season 3 that ‘really mattered’ to author Philip Pullman: ‘He knows what he wants’ 