With so much choice for buyers, the housing market can feel incredibly overwhelming. But a family home up for sale near Oldham, Manchester, certainly stands out from the crowd. The end-of-terrace home, located in Failsworth, has one feature in particular that’s sent buyers into a spin – a toilet that’s right in the middle of a porch. This property, which is on the market for £126,000, has plenty of space to offer – with three bedrooms, as well as a spacious dining room (containing a bar area), a lounge, a kitchen and a separate utility room. And, according to the floorplan there’s no bathroom downstairs, but visitors will find the surprise loo dropped right in the middle of the back porch – with no nearby sink to be seen. What’s more, the porch has regular glass, not frosted, so anyone could peek right in – especially with a great view of the garden. The toilet is definitely in need of a clean, too – with brown grime on the seat and floor next to it. The only mention of the peculiar feature on the listing is the fact it refers to a ‘downstairs external W.C.’ If the random loo doesn’t put you off, the agents say the home is pretty spacious in nature. The listing on Rightmove reads: ‘Welcome to the market, this period end of terraced, which would be described as a Tardis. The property has a double extension to the rear making this a more substantial home which would suit a variety of buyers. ‘Comprising of an entrance hall, a lounge, open plan dining room with an exposed brick feature fireplace, a good size kitchen, and a downstairs external W.C. ‘Upstairs there are three bedrooms, an office / study or playroom and a family bathroom. Externally there is off road parking to the front and a large yard to the rear.’ It’s worth pointing out that this property is only available to cash buyers and there is no onward chain. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Entire Georgian square that featured in Bridgerton is on sale for £18,500,000 MORE : Escape to the Chateau mansion goes up for sale… and it’s the same price as a one bedroom flat in London