Home secretary Suella Braverman has warned more shocking cases of corrupt officers may emerge following serial rapist police officer David Carrick’s ‘monstrous campaign of abuse’. Carrick – who admitted 49 crimes including 24 rapes against 12 women over an 18-year period – kept his job despite being reported to police nine times. Yesterday, as one of the UK’s most prolific sex offenders was officially sacked, Ms Braverman insisted: ‘It is vital the Met Police and other forces double down on efforts to root out corrupt officers. ‘This may mean more shocking cases come to light in the short-term.’ She expressed sympathy for victims and praised their courage, adding: ‘It is intolerable for them to have suffered as they have. They were manipulated and isolated and subjected to horrific abuse. ‘For anyone to have gone through such torment is harrowing but for it to have happened at the hands of someone they entrusted to keep people safe is almost beyond comprehension.’ Ms Braverman said she had discussed Carrick’s case with Met commissioner Sir Mark Rowley and was encouraged by action he had taken so far with his team to ‘root out officers who are not fit to wear the badge’. She told MPs Dame Elish Angiolini would include the 48-year-old’s offending in her inquiry, set up in November 2021 following the murder of Sarah Everard by another serving police officer in 2021. But Labour’s shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said: ‘We have to face up to the further evidence that this case has brought up of appalling failures in the police vetting and misconduct processes that are still not being addressed by the government and are not being addressed in this statement.’ Ex-soldier Carrick, of Stevenage, faced complaints about his behaviour before joining the Met in 2001, as a probationer in 2002 and several times after  that. He was suspended from duty as an armed officer in the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command only in October 2021 when he was arrested for rape. His pay was stopped in December 2022 when he admitted most of the criminal charges he faced. He will be sentenced in February and did not attend the disciplinary hearing where he was fired yesterday. Sir Mark told BBC Breakfast: ‘We’ve let London down – he’s been a police officer for 20 years.  Through a combination of weak policies and weak decisions over those 20 years, we missed opportunities when he joined and as behaviour came to the fore that we should have removed him.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.