Arsenal are stepping up their efforts to sign Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix alongside Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The Gunners have made Mudryk their top target for January but face strong competition from Chelsea, who have indicated to Shakhtar that they are willing to beat their Premier League rivals with a higher offer. Meanwhile, Felix is looking to leave Atletico Madrid this month and the Spanish club are willing to loan out the 23-year-old, who cost them €126 million (£113m) in 2019. According to The Telegraph, Arsenal want to sign both Mudryk and Felix in the January transfer window and are pushing ahead with talks over a loan deal for the Atletico forward. The report claims that Arsenal’s move for Felix is dependent on how much Atletico demand for the Portugal international’s loan fee. It’s understood that the Spanish club have initially asked for £13m, plus the forward’s salary covered in full, taking the total cost of the deal to around £16m for half a season. Manchester United are also exploring the option of signing Felix, with Erik ten Hag’s side restricted to loan deals in the January window. The Telegraph also report that Arsenal have made it clear that they will not be involved in a bidding war with Chelsea for Mudryk. Shakhtar’s director Darijo Srna was in attendance at Stamford Bridge on Thursday evening as Chelsea were beaten by Manchester City, and reports have claimed that talks over a deal for Mudryk have been ‘positive’. However, it’s understood that if given the choice, Mudryk would opt to join Arsenal ahead of Chelsea. Arsenal have already submitted two offers for Mudryk but neither have met Shakhtar’s £85m valuation. Speaking earlier this week, Shakhtar’s deputy sporting director, Carlo Nicolini, insists the Ukrainian club are in no rush to sell Mudryk this month and are using Manchester United’s £85m deal for Antony last summer as their ‘benchmark’ for the 21-year-old. ‘Given that we have no need for transfers, we said in due time that we evaluate the player stronger than some other profiles, such as Antony. This is the benchmark,’ Nicolini told CalcioNapoli24. ‘The problem is that Italian clubs don’t take advantage of opportunities, like Milan with Enzo Fernandez, who is now worth over 100 million. ‘When you arrive in time on a player you have to sink the shot, otherwise the prices change.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 