Winter Love Island star Will Young was maybe a little too honest for Olivia Hawkins after showing her a tattoo dedicated to his ex-girlfriend. The 23-year-old farmer, who is TikTok famous, had only just coupled up with ring girl Olivia, 27, when he made the bombshell revelation. Olivia and Will weren’t chosen by the other islanders and were put together by default after Maya Jama hosted the first coupling of the series. As they sat down for a chat in the stunning South African villa, Will asked Olivia if she had any tattoos. ‘No, I’m a clean sheet,’ the actress revealed to which the farmer replied: ‘What? Sheep?’ clearly still dreaming of his day job. After she corrected him, Will then admitted he had a tattoo and proceeded to show her a tiny letter ‘P’ he had inked on his ankle. ‘Is that a girl’s initial,’ Olivia asked casually, before Will confessed: ‘Yeah, that I met on holiday.’ Olivia, who has worked as a body double for Michelle Keegan, looked shocked and said: ‘Wait, you’ve got another girl’s initial on your ankle? Why did you tell me that? You should have lied.’ Will was equally shocked by Olivia’s statement and replied: ‘Why would I lie? You can’t start a relationship on a lie. I sometimes say, if I lie it would only get out.’ Still not over it, Olivia asked if he’d get it ‘covered up’, to which Will joked: ‘For you, maybe.’ Viewers were highly entertained by the scenes, with one tweeting: ‘Olivia is using that P tattoo as her reason to leave this man quickly.’ Sharing Olivia’s sentiments, another said: ‘Will and his tattoo is cringing me out.’ One added: ‘Who told Will it was a good idea to show a tattoo with someone else’s name??’ However, others were on Will’s side with one weighing in: ‘This girl is a bit too full on and is expecting too much already chill girl why should he lie about his tattoo.’ The first episode of the winter series saw 10 new islanders enter the villa, with host Maya introducing the male and female islanders to each other as the first coupling began. Kicking off the coupling was biomedical student Tanya Manhenga, who chose airport security officer Shaq Muhammad. Lana Jenkins, a make-up artist from Luton, chose to couple up with the show’s first visually-impaired contestant Ron Hall. After coupling and recoupling a number of times, Kai Fagan, a PE and science teacher from Manchester, ended up with Tanyel Revan, a hair stylist from North London, while Anna-May Robey, a payroll administrator from Swansea, was ultimately coupled with TV salesman Haris Namani from Doncaster. Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 