Nicole Scherzinger is living it large in the Hawaiian sunshine and no, we’re not jealous at all. The Pussycat Doll playfully goaded fans stuck in colder climes on Wednesday by sharing a bikini-clad clip of herself busting moves in balmy Hawaii. Looking typically fire, Nicole, 44, threw her hands into the air while shimmying her hips amongst palm trees and blue skies. Taking to Instagram to share a clip of herself in an oversized hoodie before cutting to a sun-drenched balcony where she could be seen boogying in the sunshine, the star wrote: ‘When the rest of the US is 🥶 but you’re grateful for that Hawaiian sun.’ It didn’t take long before complimentary comments started racking up beneath Nicole’s clip, with many of her 5.4million followers gushing: ‘Hotness level is out of control,’ ‘All hail the Hawaiian queen’ and ‘Nicole you look amazing.’ We second that. It comes after the hit-maker revealed she spent NYE at a lavish Great Gatsby-themed bash with her rugby player beau Thom Evans. She took to Instagram to share a series of snaps and clips of herself and Thom at the party, to which she wore a glittering, 20s-era dress. Nicole and Thom have been together for over two years, since meeting on the set of X Factor: Celebrity in 2019. Back in July, MailOnline reported that Thom popped the question while he and his partner were lapping up the sunshine on the island of Mykonos. The loved-up couple first met when Thom was a contestant on X Factor: Celebrity, where Nicole was judging alongside Simon Cowell and Louis Walsh. Thom joined up with fellow rugby players Ben Foden and Levi Davis to form supergroup Try Star, finishing up in fifth place. While they didn’t win, Thom did hit instantly it off with Nicole, and before too long the couple were discussing the future together. A year into their relationship, Nicole described Thom as ‘the man of my dreams,’ revealing she wanted to have children with him. She told The Mirror: ‘I definitely want kids, at the right time. It is all about timing.’ Gushing about Thom, she also said the athlete was her ‘partner in crime, my best friend.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sarah Michelle Gellar dashes any hope of Buffy the Vampire Slayer return amid demand for revival: ‘We wrapped that up’ MORE : Marilyn Manson lawsuit alleging sexual, psychological and physical abuse against girlfriend dismissed by judge  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 