Jurgen Klopp has taken aim at Chelsea’s spending spree and has warned that Liverpool’s rebuild will take time. Both Liverpool and Chelsea are struggling in the Premier League this season and face a fight to secure Champions League football next term as they currently sit 10 points behind fourth-placed Manchester United. Chelsea have spent in excess of £150 million this month on new signings with Graham Potter’s squad bolstered by the arrivals of Mykhailo Mudryk, Benoit Badiashile, Joao Felix, Noni Madueke and David Datro Fofana. Liverpool, meanwhile, have signed Cody Gakpo in a £35m deal from PSV but Klopp remains short of options in central midfield. However, the Liverpool manager has made it clear that Liverpool do not possess ‘endless money’ to improve the team and has questioned how Chelsea are able to spend significantly more than their rivals. ‘It’s a challenge, it is one of the main reasons I signed the new contract because I knew it is necessary and will not go [away] overnight – imagine the situation now with another coach in the chair,’ Klopp said on the Football People podcast. ‘I would be somewhere on holiday and everyone would shout my name. Throughout the problems you have in a transition period we have an awful lot of injuries, which makes life really complicated. I know the majority of the world is just interested in the short term but we have to be long-term focused as well. ‘There are plenty of ways you can do it but it is based on the situation you are in. ‘Chelsea with new ownership, nobody knows exactly how they can spend that much money… nobody likes me talking about that. ‘But transition needs time if you don’t have endless money, otherwise you can change overnight pretty much and bring in ten players. ‘What drives me is I’m happy to be part of a successful football team but I don’t feel responsible for that. I know I am part of it, but if it is not going well I feel 100 per cent responsible. For me to put it right is the main thing that drives me.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 