A man has died after he was crushed by a public toilet in London. Emergency services gathered outside the Palace Theatre, on the corner of Shaftesbury Avenue, this afternoon. An air ambulance also landed at nearby Trafalgar Square. It is understood a man installing a telescopic urinal – a type of public toilet – was crushed. In a statement on Twitter, the Metropolitan Police said: ‘We’re sorry to have to update that, despite the efforts of emergency services, the man who was critically injured in Cambridge Circus was pronounced dead at the scene. ‘His next of kin have been informed. Cordons remain in place at the location.’ Pictures from the scene had shown a large group of firefighters working behind a blue tarp outside the Palace Theatre. The London Fire Brigade (LFB) said they were called to a man trapped below street level underneath a hydraulic urinal. A spokesperson said earlier: ‘Firefighters worked with partner agencies and used a winch to free him. He was left in the care of London Ambulance Service. ‘The Brigade was called at 1305 and the incident was over by 1541. Four fire engines and around 25 firefighters from Soho, Euston and Dowgate fire stations were at the scene.’ A spokesperson rom the Metropolitan Police added: ‘Police were called at around 13:10hrs on Friday, 27 January, to a seriously injured man at Cambridge Circus, W1. ‘The man is thought to have sustained crush injuries while working on a “telescopic urinal” at the location. LFB, LAS and London’s Air Ambulance are in attendance. ‘Officers are assisting with road closures.’ The area surrounding the Palace Theatre, which is currently showing Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, has been cordoned off. Officers are directing people away from the scene. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.