Stranger Things actor Noah Schnapp has opened up about his sexuality in a heartwarming TikTok video. The actor shot to fame at the tender age of 12 after winning the role of Will Byers in the blockbuster Netflix drama. The now 18-year-old has also starred in Steven Spielberg’s historical drama Bridge of Spies, as well as voicing Charlie Brown in the animated The Peanuts Movie. On Thursday, the Hubie Halloween star shared a video of himself wearing a grey hoodie lying on the floor, captioning it in reference to his Stranger Things’ character: ‘I guess I’m more similar to Will than I thought.’ On the clip, it also said: ‘When I finally told my friends and family I was gay after being scared in the closet for 18 years and all they said was “we know.”‘ During the TikTok, he syncs to: ‘You know what it never was: rhat Serious. It was never that serious. Quite frankly, it would never be that serious.’ Too right! Noah previously confirmed Will in Stranger Things, which also stars Millie Bobby Brown, was gay after fans had speculated about his sexuality for years. Many characters in the phenomenon have spent the series experiencing their first relationships, while Will has always remained single and has mostly resisted those kinds of developments. During a pivotal scene in season 4, Will indirectly confessed his feelings for Mike (Finn Wolfhard) before breaking down in tears, with viewers speculating that Will had been in love with him for some time. ‘It’s pretty clear this season that Will has feelings for Mike’, he told Variety. ‘They’ve been intentionally pulling that out over the past few seasons’. He continued: ‘Even in season 1, they hinted at that and slowly, slowly grew that storyline’. The performer has also recently offered a tantalising tease about what lies ahead for Will Byers in season 5, which will mark the end of the sensational show. When asked about Stranger Things’ final outing by Forbes, Noah said: ‘I can just tell you that I’m very very excited for what’s to come.’ He continued: ‘I think they did a great job with Will’s character this season, and beautifully addressed everything they needed to. The way they closed the show is just perfect – the story started with Will, and it’ll end with Will.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things star Noah Schnapp hints at how Will’s story will come full circle in epic ending for season 5: ‘I’m very excited’ MORE : Noah Schnapp admits puberty has caused huge problem for Stranger Things and was even urged to change his voice: ‘The directors were just not loving it’ 