Nancy Osborne (Jessica Fox) was horrified in Hollyoaks to find pictures online of new teacher Beau Ramsey (Jon-Paul Bell) in the company of a teen student. Beau, as viewers know, has been harbouring a big secret since rocking up in the eponymous village, previously asking James Nightingale (Gregory Finnegan) for help in having something removed from the internet. The newcomer has since acquired a job at the school, and has – by all accounts – proven himself to be a good teacher, with Nancy being left impressed by his methods on many an occasion. But things took a rather shocking turn in Wednesday’s (January 4) first look offering of the Channel 4 soap, after Beau was caught in a compromising position. Nancy walked in on him looking at an adult website while in class. Beau was quick to explain the truth, revealing that he was checking the browser history after Mason Chen-Williams (Frank Kauer) had previously used the laptop, and Nancy ultimately believed him. There was, however, another shock to come for deputy head teacher Nancy, who was left intrigued by a comment Beau made in regards to ‘personally’ being affected by images online. After conducting a search on the internet using Beau’s full name, Nancy was stunned to find comment after comment from disgruntled parents, who berated Beau, claiming he gets too close to his students, with one branding him ‘predatory’. There was a picture included on one of the forums too, which saw Beau inappropriately close to a teenage girl in uniform, leaving Nancy in shock. She wasted little time in confronting Beau with her discovery – but is all as it seems? What’s more, just what will Nancy do with this information? Hollyoaks continues Thursday January 5 at 7pm on E4, or stream the next episode from midnight on All4. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : Hollyoaks 2023 spoiler preview: Violent death, cancer tragedy, crossbow rampage MORE : Hollyoaks 2023 spoilers: More devastating news for Juliet Nightingale in cancer battle