The Apprentice viewers were appalled the contestants completed their first task in the Caribbean amid the cost-of-living crisis. A fresh batch of 18 new budding entrepreneurs entered Alan Sugar’s boardroom on the BBC business show’s first episode on Thursday. The contestants all applied to join the process in the hope of winning the 75-year-old’s £250,000 investment, as well as his invaluable mentorship after 50 years in business. And they were off to a great start, after a light ribbing from the businessman, who also couldn’t resist a jibe about Piers Morgan, Lord Sugar announced a luxury trip was on the cards. He announced: ‘Ok. Let’s get down to business. I’m picking things off with the ultimate task. I’m sending you to the magnificent Caribbean island of Antigua.’ The wannabe business stars were floored when they learned about their good fortune, gasping at the prospect of a few days in a tropical paradise. ‘Pre Covid the tourism industry was booming,’ Alan continued. ‘But obviously, things were decimated by the pandemic. ‘But the world’s now open for business and it’s on its way back. Your task is to set up and run a bespoke tour.’ Alan added they’ve got to sell tickets and give clients an ‘unforgettable’ experience. However, fans were shocked by The Apprentice’s decision to send the two teams to the exclusive enclave, giving rising inflation and soaring energy bills. One viewer fumed: ‘#TheApprentice I know, there’s a cost of living crisis so what’s the most tone deaf thing I could do? Pay for everyone to go to the Caribbean.’ Several others also pointed out the irony that the cost-of-living crisis was mentioned at the start of the show, with Alan saying ‘good value’ was of the upmost importance. ‘In uncertain times with the cost of living speech, blah blah blah…You are off to Antigua in episode 1,’ a Twitter account remarked. Many others simply shared their shock at the decision, with dozens just noting the contradiction between flying to Antigua in the cost-of-living crisis. ‘There’s a cost of living crisis. Anyway, off you go to the Caribbean!,’ one summed it up. The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice: Where is 2022 winner Harpreet Kaur now? MORE : Lord Alan Sugar lashes out at Gordon Ramsay for ‘ripping off’ The Apprentice with cooking show: ‘He should stick to his day job’ 