Michael Jackson’s nephew, Jaafar, has been cast to play him in the upcoming biopic of his life. The iconic musician, dubbed the King of Pop, died in 2009, at the age of 50. Earlier this month, it was revealed that a film would be delving into his life, and promised to explore ‘all aspects’ – from his early career to his worldwide fame. Emancipation director Antoine Fuqua signed on to helm the project, simply titled Michael, and it has now been revealed that Jaafar – son of Jermaine Jackson – had landed the starring role. The famous family were among the very first to celebrate the casting – Michael’s eldest son, Prince, heaped praise on his cousin with a black-and-white snap on Instagram. He captioned the post: ‘My cousin @jaafarjackson is going to be playing my father in the upcoming biopic produced by @gkfilms and directed by @antoinefuqua! ‘Truthfully I couldn’t be happier and prouder for him, he’s been working his ass off and I know he’s going to do an amazing job. ‘Just being himself, he embodies so much of my dad and I’m confident we are all going to do our best to show the world a part of my father they’ve never seen and that they deserve to see.’ ‘To all of my family’s fans and supporters out there thank you for your continued support and love,’ he continued. ‘We all know my father and Jaafar’s uncle was such an incredible human being and everyone at @gkfilms is dedicated and excited to bring my father’s story to the big screen. ‘This project means so much to me for many reasons, I’m really happy that my family and I can go on this journey together. @jaafarjackson I know you’re going to be great bro and again I couldn’t be prouder and happier for you cuz.’ TJ, son of Tito Jackson, followed suit, sharing the same photo with the caption: ‘Words can’t express how proud I am of my cousin @jaafarjackson. ‘His talent is endless and I truly don’t think there is a better choice on the planet to represent and embody the artistry and person of my uncle @michaeljackson. ‘To say I’m excited would be an understatement. I’m so, so proud.’ Graham King is serving as producer, along with John Branca and John McClain – who are co-executors of the late singer’s estate – while the script will be penned by writer John Logan. Although Michael is set to explore the Thriller star’s life, it is unclear how it will focus on some of the darker aspects, including sexual abuse allegations – which he denied during his lifetime, and his estate has continued to deny. Director Antoine said in a statement, via PA: ‘The first films of my career were music videos, and I still feel that combining film and music are a deep part of who I am. ‘For me, there is no artist with the power, the charisma, and the sheer musical genius of Michael Jackson. I was influenced to make music videos by watching his work – the first Black artist to play in heavy rotation on MTV. ‘His music and those images are part of my worldview, and the chance to tell his story on the screen alongside his music was irresistible.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Behati Prinsloo gives birth to third child with husband Adam Levine MORE : WWE Royal Rumble 2023 smashes all time records with huge gate of over $7,700,000  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 