A percussionist has been left thousands of pounds out of pocket after his car was robbed of music equipment. Basil Isaac had popped into an Aldi in Stratheam, London with his wife on January 26 and locked his car behind him. But upon their return, the couple was shocked to discover the vehicle had been completely emptied. Drums, monitors, speakers, percussion kit, microphones and a DJ console had all vanished. Curiously, there were no broken windows or signs of forced entry – with police theorising that a special key fob was used by thieves to unlock the car. Basil had due to perform at the funeral of Faithless star Maxi Jazz the following night using the equipment. The singer, whose real name was Maxwell Fraser, died in December aged 65. He had been a core member of Faithless alongside Rollo and Sister Bliss who released a number of hit tracks together including Insomnia and We Come 1. Maxi had left a huge legacy, and Basil was heartbroken he may not be able to give him a proper send-off due to the theft. The DJ took to Facebook and had friends reach out and offer support and kit to borrow. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘I had my equipment in the car on Thursday and popped down to Aldi to pick up some bits and pieces. ‘While we were in there, they took everything. Even clothes that had been in the card.’ Basil’s wife had spotted a ‘suspicious’ car leave the Aldi, but it was too far away to see the registration. Many of the items stolen had been collected over decades and held sentimental value for the DJ. All in all, the kit was worth thousands of pounds. Basil was still determined to perform at Maxi’s funeral and reached out on Facebook. The msuician, who has performed across the globe, used to organise jam sessions in London, which is where he met the Faithless star after he took to the mic. Maxi later invited Basil to later go on tour with him and work on his album alongside his new band: The E-Type Boys. The pair remained firm friends as the years went on Basil added: ‘I wanted to do the best for Maxi and what he would have wanted. He was a poet, his words and his creative mind was like nothing else. ‘So after my things got stolen, my mind wasn’t on the impact it would have on me. I was just thinking about him. ‘Everyone chipped in before the performance and people have been getting in touch to try help. It was quite special in the end. ‘I think Maxi would have been looking down at us and smiling.’ Moving forward, Basil hopes his kit can be recovered – especially as the items may be hard to market for someone not familiar with the music world. He added: ‘It’s a big impact when you realise how easy it is for someone to take your livelihood. But then I tried to think round that. ‘They took everything, but they didn’t take my talent.’ The Met Police were contacted by Metro.co.uk for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.