Richard Madeley hasn’t taken to Rishi Sunak’s new maths initiative too kindly on Good Morning Britain and told viewers he should get a ‘smack in the chops’. The Prime Minister is expected to give his first speech of 2023 today to unveil a new plan to boost numeracy skills in England. It’s believed he will declare that pupils should be taught maths until the age of 18 as the UK remains one of the only countries in the world that does not require children to study some form of maths up until adulthood. Mr Sunak’s supposed mission has already caused major backlash given the crumbling state of the NHS, the cost of living crisis, and the continuing rail strikes. The controversial proposal was the centre of much discussion on Good Morning Britain, with regular guest, Daily Mirror editor Kevin Maguire saying: ‘For Sunak to go down this route now is ridiculous.’ ‘He’s asking for a smack in the chops, isn’t he?’ Madeley responded. ‘Politically speaking.’ Co-host Susanna Reid quickly intervened to add: ‘Metaphorically, shall we say.’ Meanwhile, fellow guest political commentator Ed Vaizey argued that Mr Sunak’s initiative is ‘the right policy’. ‘It is a good idea to study maths until 18,’ he told the programme. Good Morning Britain viewers also had their say online, with many people hitting out at the Conservative Party leader. ‘Rishi Sunak is clueless and so out of touch with reality, he might as well be on another planet,’ one scathed. Echoing a similar sentiment, another raged: ‘The PM wants everyone to study analytics/maths until age 18. Priorities Sunak, priorities! ‘Talk about clueless when the NHS is crumbling, it’s almost as if he doesn’t care and wants private medical care in place – oh hold on.’ This afternoon, Mr Sunak is expected to vow that with the ‘right plan’, he sees ‘no reason’ why ‘we cannot rival the best education systems in the world’. He will say: ‘This is personal for me. Every opportunity I’ve had in life began with the education I was so fortunate to receive. ‘And it’s the single most important reason why I came into politics: to give every child the highest possible standard of education. ‘With the right plan – the right commitment to excellence – I see no reason why we cannot rival the best education systems in the world’. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 