This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. From Dune-inspo to dystopian, the future of fashion is, well, futuristic. At least that’s what those in the know say is coming up in 2023. According to the Pinterest Predicts series, searches for sci-fi-esque looks are expected to hit high, as demand rises among Gen Z and Millennials. The company analysed their data and global search data from between September 2020 to September 2022 and found a 215% increase in searches for ‘dystopian outfits’, a 225% rise in ‘avant-garde outfit’, a 70% increase for ‘cyber streetwear’ and for ‘futuristic glasses’, and a whopping 3370% rise in interest in the ‘gamer girl look’. We all know that Y2K is still dominating the trend cycle, and that also came with its own heavy futuristic and dystopian themes the first time around. From super hits like The Matrix and the growing power of the internet, to the myth of the Millennium Bug, tech permeated the zeitgeist like never before. So forecasts that sci-fi fashion is rearing its head in a big way should come as no surprise. Susie Hasler, personal stylist at Styled By Susie and style expert at Vinted tells Metro.co.uk it could have something to do with our bleak outlook on the future – yay! She explains: ‘In recent years, we have seen trends that reflect the events from 2020. For example, the pandemic saw a rise in comfort and loungewear. When lockdowns ended, we saw a trend towards dopamine dressing where we were turning to bright colours, loud prints and anything fabulously over the top. We used clothes to lift our mood and celebrate our newfound freedom. ‘Fashion in 2023 is taking a completely different turn – some would say the polar opposite. We will be seeing a lean towards dystopian fashion, which is harder, darker and slightly futuristic. This trend reflects society, where many are feeling unsure and not too optimistic about the future. Dystopian fashion has a rebellious, punk feel to it, and while it sounds depressing, you can have a lot of fun with it too.’ Indeed, we’ve already seen some stillsuit-esque ensembles on the Dior catwalk, with the house’s Men Pre-Fall 2023 Menswear show full of helmets, capes, and chunky space boots. On the subject of inspiration, designer Kim Jones told Vogue Runway: ‘I’ve always loved Dune, which was really the first of sci-fi. And we’ve worked with NASA on some of the more technical prints.’ And speaking of the trend cycle, remember galaxy print? Even that seems to be making a comeback, with Kim Jones using the iconic early 10s staple print a lot in the Dior 2023 menswear finale looks – yes, including leggings. The Dior website even reads: ‘A futuristic odyssey, the Dior Men Fall 2023 line is an invitation to break away and explore.’ Meanwhile, MSGM’s fall ready-to-wear collection included some very cute embroidered takes on galaxy print that brings the iconic Space Jam website to mind. As fashion writer and trend researcher Mandy Lee (do yourself a favour and follow her if you don’t already) says in one of her recent TikToks on the collection’s prints and headpieces: ‘To me, this points to a very direct reference to the 1960s retro-futurism, space-age fashion. That’s where my mind immediately went. ‘All while styling it in a very indie sleaze, kind of Tumblr way.’ This is all to say that, if you’re reading this and feeling like you want to get in on the trend, there are loads of ways you can interpret sci-fi fashion right now and make it work for you. Susie says: ‘There’s an escapism to be found in this trend, and one that allows you to be playful, reflective and expressive. ‘Towards the end of 2022 (now), we saw an increase in pleather i.e. pleather trousers, long, Matrix-style trench coats and maxi dresses.  As well as pleather, we are seeing Sammi Jefcoate-style harness belts increasing in popularity. A harness belt is a great way to cinch in the waist and add a little more edginess to a midi dress. ‘Cargo trousers, chunky boots and cleated sole Mary Janes have also increased in popularity. Mary Jane shoes are huge, since Wednesday aired on Netflix, and they’ve taken on a harder edge, than a traditional 1960s Mary Jane.’ Susie also recommends accessories as a great way to tweak what you’ve already got to suit the trend. She adds: ‘Look for belts with studs or chain detailing. ‘These are ideal for adding to a pair of mom jeans, or a dress.’ And if you like your sci-fi looks colourful, try tartan. ‘Look for tartan blazers, skirts and dresses,’ she says. ‘These are a great way of trying a more grungey feel, without doing head-to-toe black. ‘For a more futuristic, Hunger Games/Blade Runner style, look for cyberpunk detailing. This includes any hooded jacket, hooded cape or utility jacket. ‘A camo print jacket is always a winner and is the perfect light-wear jacket to take you through the seasons.’ Price: £49 Get them from: Hollister Price: £35.99 Get it from: The Look Edit Price: £79 Get it from: Cos Price: £58 Get them from: ASOS Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : The biggest party season beauty and fashion trends to help you ring in the New Year in style MORE : Yes, preppy fashion is back – but not as we knew it MORE : From monochrome to prosthetic beauty, the hottest trends spotted at this year’s Fashion Awards