It can be a struggle to think up New Year’s Resolutions, especially if you’re not tempted to ditch booze or rack up extra sweaty hours in your local gym. What if you want to achieve something a little deeper in 2023? Well, author and relationship expert Anita Astley is here to help with a good dose of straight talking advice. Speaking on this week’s episode of Metro.co.uk’s podcast Smut Drop with host Miranda Kane, Anita shares a number of her top tips for improving our relationships wellbeing in the new year, whether that’s with a partner, friends or even your kids. To start with, says Anita, we all need to acknowledge that our upbringings have left us pretty much ‘f***ed’ – something, she adds, we will continue to be unless we do something about it. ‘For most people, everything starts with our family of origin,’ explains Anita. ‘Once you leave, you carry all that stuff into our relationships with other people.’ Anita’s own story of leaving home was traumatic. She was expected to live with her family until she entered into an arranged marriage and was warned against dating in the meantime. She says her father wanted her to ‘be the nice little Indian girl’ and when she didn’t meet his expectations and left home, she was ostracised. This experience left Anita carrying what she calls a blueprint for living life from her family into the world, which she admits took her a long time to set aside. After eventually overcoming her own challenges, she trained as a psychotherapist and has since spent the last 25 years helping others build healthy relationships, while also writing the book Unf*** Your Life and Relationships. Here, Anita shares some her top tips to ‘un-f***ing yourself’. This is not the same as over-analysing everything, Anita is keen to stress. But we have to learn to ‘own our s***’, and become aware of how we behave unconsciously in certain situations. A classic example? ‘Projection’, whereby we accuse people we’re close with of behaving in exactly the way we really feel, in order to absolve ourselves of guilt and blame. For example, instead of accepting that we’re feeling angry and are spoiling for a fight, we accuse those we’re around of aggression. The way to become more self-aware is simple: slow down. ‘Stop. Find some quiet space. Think about your role in relationships you’ve had in your life, and think about patterns that might have repeated,’ Anita advises. If similar issues keep cropping up, then consider if you might be the problem. ‘It can’t be everyone else,’ Anita says, ‘so it must be something up with you.’ ‘Conflict is a part of any intimate relationship,’ Anita says, but ‘most people run away from it.’ While you might not experience conflict during the early days of a relationship, it’s  inevitable after a while. Different people are bound to have different opinions and so spending enough time with someone will eventually result in disagreement. This isn’t a bad thing though, and Anita advises internalising the mantra that ‘conflict is normal and healthy’. ‘Stop avoiding it and start confronting it – any time we avoid conflict we end up creating more of it in the long-run,’ she says. It sounds obvious, but when you think of family mealtimes today, they can sometimes be a bit of a mish-mash. Nowadays, we mostly ‘scatter eat’, says Anita. We munch on whatever we fancy at whatever time suits us best, without being in sync with those we care about. We need to get back to ‘gather eating’ – sitting down and having a meal with each other and ‘sharing our lives’. And when you’re at the dinner table, push for open conversations and genuine revelations. Anita banned her kids from describing their days at school as ‘good’. ‘That doesn’t tell me anything!’ she says. Instead ask ‘How was your Maths class?’, or other specific questions that show the people you love how much you care. MORE : Therapist reveals the five signs your relationship is on the rocks MORE : The Big Happiness Interview: Georgia Foster on how to have a happy, healthy relationship with food MORE : Want to improve your relationship? Think about your ex, says study