Jeremy Clarkson has reportedly called time on his Diddly Squat restaurant and cafe after planning woes. The eaterie, which is based on his Chipping Norton estate, opened earlier last year and served dishes made from ingredients from his farm. The former Top Gear presenter, who is documenting his new unlikely venture as a farmer on Clarkson’s Farm, initially struggled to get the restaurant off the ground. The TV presenter, 62, initially had his first planning application rejected by West Oxfordshire District Council back in January, as the new joint was deemed to be ‘out of keeping’ with the local area. He was later hit by an enforcement notice in October, months after eventually opening the restaurant, which stated that the parking, toilets, traffic, along with the dining, installed by Clarkson’s farm is ‘visually intrusive and harmful’ to the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. ‘The unlawful use of Diddly Squat Farm by reason of its nature, scale and siting is unsustainable and incompatible with its open countryside location,’ the local council said. It then ordered the shutting of the restaurant or anything selling food that will be consumed on the farm, as well as the removal of the dining tables, chairs, parasols, picnic tables, and mobile toilet. Agents working on behalf of Clarkson appealed the finding, saying at the time they were not in breach of planning laws and claimed that the council’s decision is ‘excessive.’ However, now it appears that Clarkson has had a change of heart and has opted to admit defeat to the council, according to a report. The Mirror said Clarkson wrote a letter to the council, penning: ‘I no longer wish to open a restaurant,’ adding he’d been ‘thwarted by the enforcement notice.’ According to the publication, locals in Chipping Norton were thrilled with the decision, with one reportedly saying: ‘It is a win for the community. I would like the whole thing shut down. ‘We are just a small village and Diddly Squat Farm is in the wrong place.’ The news comes after Clarkson was universally condemned for a vile attack against Meghan Markle in his column for The Sun, which was later removed by the outlet. Following widespread criticism, the former Top Gear presenter said he himself was ‘horrified’ over his remarks. In a statement, he said: ‘Oh dear. I’ve rather put my foot in it. ‘In a column I wrote about Meghan, I made a clumsy reference to a scene in Game of Thrones and this has gone down badly with a great many people.’ He added: ‘I’m horrified to have caused so much hurt and I shall be more careful in future.’ However, Clarkson’s own family members have voiced their disgust over what he wrote, with 28-year-old daughter Emily making it very clear where she stands. Amongst the first to publicly condemn the accomplished broadcaster, she wrote in a social media post: ‘I want to make it very clear that I stand against everything that my dad wrote about Meghan Markle and I remain standing in support of those that are targeted with online hatred.’ Other celebrities who reacted in horror included Carol Vorderman, Dan Walker, and Britain’s Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon, who stated on This Morning that Clarkson ‘needs to be muzzled’. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Clarkson and West Oxfordshire District Council for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson admits ‘stupid idea’ caused Kaleb Cooper to flee to Cornwall MORE : Bill Bailey thinks Jeremy Clarkson ‘got kicking he deserved’ over Meghan Markle column 