Beyonce is back, baby! And she’s better than ever. The Grammy-winning star took to the stage for her first headline concert since 2018, performing at a private hotel launch event in Dubai. Appearing at the grand reveal of Atlantis The Royal – billed as the world’s most ultra-luxury resort – the singer performed some of her biggest hits in a 90-minute set, bringing the house down before ending with a spectacular fireworks display. But Queen Bey wasn’t along on stage, as she was joined by 11-year-old daughter Blue Ivy for a gorgeous moment. The pair duetted on Brown Skin Girl from 2019 album The Lion King: The Gift, wowing the crowd with their first live duet of the number. But before all that, Beyoncé opened set with her cover of Etta James’s At Last, with vocals powerful enough to give anyone goosebumps. The American superstar went on to wow the 1,500-strong crowd with fan favourites such as Crazy In Love, Naughty Girl, Halo and XO – culminating with a rendition of Drunk In Love as fireworks lit up the night sky. Naturally, Bey looked as stunning as ever, having changed out of her golden goddess ensemble that she walked the carpet in earlier that night. Shining like the sun that she is, the vocal powerhouse wore a yellow sequinned gown with a sculptural feathered cape. The 41-year-old was flanked by a full band, a Middle Eastern orchestra and dancers clad in red sequinned outfits and full skirts. Despite the strict no phones rule, as to be expected, footage later emerged online, with fans freaking out over how their favourite artists performed mostly tracks that were rarely heard or never performed live. One of those was the iconic Beautiful Liar, which Beyoncé originally released with Shakira and has not sang for fans in 15 years. However, the shock came when the singer chose not to debut any tracks from latest album Renaissance, which is nominated for two Grammys. So, that meant no Break My Soul, no TikTok viral hit Cuff It, no Alien Superstar, Cozy, or I’m That Girl. But with a discography as beloved as Beyoncé’s, it’s undoubtedly difficult to squeeze in all the favourites. Not wanting to leave anyone disappointed, though, she delighted the adoring crowd with Spirit from Disney’s The Lion King, which had an epic transition into Freedom. Lucky fans also got to witness performances of Ave Maria, Bigger, and 2006 tune Flaws and All. Speaking to her fans, she said: ‘There’s a Utopia of people from all over the world on this stage and we are so honoured to be here to celebrate this night with you. ‘My parents are here tonight to celebrate – my mother and my father. My beautiful children are here to see me perform and my beautiful husband.’ Husband Jay Z was also there to support his wife, having DJed at Kendall Jenner’s tequila launch party the night before. Never one to be boring, Beyoncé’s performance, of course, included multiple outfits, as she later changed into a red and gold bejewelled body suit with a voluminous train. She completed a third costume change with a red corseted minidress with matching stockings and gloves. The star was rumoured to have been paid an eye-watering $24million (£19.4m) for the exclusive concert, attended by celebrities including Liam Payne, Ronan Keating, Rochelle and Marvin Humes and British Vogue editor Edward Enninful. ‘We’ve given her creative control. This is her art – we want her to express her art in her way,’ managing director Tim Kelly told the PA news agency ahead of the performance. ‘I can’t express to you enough the level of professionalism and discipline with the rehearsals. ‘From the moment she arrived last week she was on the stage, rehearsing and performing, and she’s developing and curating a performance. ‘She’s not taking a show out of the box because she doesn’t have a show in the box. You’re going to get the full-throttle Beyoncé.’ Asked if it was difficult to secure the global pop star for the launch, Mr Kelly admitted that it ‘took long time, but it also came together rather quickly.’ ‘It’s a circumstance of where she chooses what she wants to do. We’re honoured, we’re proud and for her to be here to do this in Dubai on this night, it’s a once in a lifetime opportunity,’ he praised. ‘We have always expressed that this is an iconic building, and then to have the most iconic performer on the planet available today, someone who hasn’t been seen in public performing in over four years, it’s really a night of icons.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kylie Jenner finally confirms 11-month-old son’s new name and reveals his face after deciding Wolf ‘didn’t suit him’ MORE : Kendall Jenner and Liam Payne lead super stylish celebs as Michelle Keegan and Mark Wright cosy up for date night at The Royal Atlantis launch in Dubai   You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 