Some people think we all have psychic powers, it’s a part of our subtle self (neither physical nor emotional intellectual… but something straddling the three). Yet you probably won’t think of your own psychic twinkle as magic or special or different, because it’s just a part of you and probably has always been there. Perhaps you’re adept at deciphering when people are lying, experience really vivid dreams and sometimes receive messages or visions in them, or know something is going to happen (often a phone call) before it does. You might walk into a room and feel the atmosphere and mood right away, or even be able to pinpoint it on certain people or even objects. You might also experience de ja vu a lot, or have really compelling gut feelings that usually turn out to be right. All of these can be indications of psychic ability. I have been reading, and teaching, tarot cards for over 25 years and I have devised a system to use the cards to determine an individual’s latent psychic ability, it’s purpose, and the steps to activate it. So many clients have asked for guidance on this that I have created a whole new reading to cover it. In general, the best route to activating your psychic power, getting to notice its presence, mechanisms and outcomes is meditation and mindfulness, coupled with journalling (so you can record your thoughts, experiences and ideas, and spot patterns and insights). Here is an easy exercise to help you tune in to the psychic knowledge you may already have latently stored inside you. Our bodies carry so much intelligence. We feel things physically (fluttering heart, dry mouth, tense shoulders, churning stomach etc) before they reach our mind. This exercise will help you name and describe what is causing the ‘knot in your stomach’ or the ‘tightness in your chest’ (which are both physical intuitions), and help you to receive messages and information about yourself and others – beyond the obvious or immediate. Ready? Okay… Close your eyes and breathe, deeply and slowly, in and out through your nose and mouth, three times. Focus your attention on your body, internally. Move your attention around your body until you hit the spot with the highest level of sensation. Breathe into that place. Hold your attention there. Find a word that describes it – a colour, a feeling, is it hard or soft, big or small, tight or rippling. If this image could speak, what would it say? What would it show you? Follow where this image and message takes you. Understand the sensation’s message to you. Write down your thoughts, and repeat this exercise daily to build up your attention and ability to focus on what’s going on inside you, then draw it out into tangible revelations and ideas. You can get a personal psychic development reading with Kerry Ward, tarot reader and creator of ‘The Good Karma Tarot’ and ‘The Crystal Magic Tarot’ via Etsy. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman gets a tattoo of the Spotify code for her favourite song MORE : Maternity wear picks for glam occasions, as pregnant celebs wow at the Golden Globes