In what is an unlikely collection of celebs, Tom Cruise accidentally found himself part of Gemma Collins’ 42nd birthday celebrations this weekend. The Towie star didn’t shy away from celebrating this year as she enjoyed a big bash with all her friends over the weekend, before heading out with Irish popstars Jedward for a swanky London meal. We wish we could say Top Gun icon Tom turned up to celebrate the GC’s big weekend on purpose, but he was just in the right (or wrong) place at the right (or wrong) time – depending on how you look at it. On Friday Gemma took to Instagram with videos of herself and music royalty DJ Fat Tony, who she mistakenly thought would be the biggest star to turn up to her festivities at the weekend. Little did everyone’s favourite Essex gal know, she’d be partying alongside a Hollywood icon just 24 hours later. Former X Factor stars Jedward, who were characteristically over-excited, papped the movie megastar having dinner just a few tables away from Gemma’s party in a London restaurant. The 31-year-old twins, whose real names are John and Edward Grimes, tweeted the picture with the caption: ‘Tom cruise next to our table tonight lol’. The duo also posted a photo with their pal Gemma alongside a loving caption, which read: ‘Happy Birthday to the iconic Jepic Queen Gemma Collins she’s now rocking Pink hair it’s so her and completely represents her energy and vibes! Super Happy to be celebrating her birthday.’ Meanwhile, the GC shared a video the Irish X Factor alumni sent her announcing their arrival into England, and captioned it with: ‘Waking up to this !!! Can’t wait @jepicpics 💗’. The media personality hosted her main Saturday night shebang at her £1.3 million Essex home, which was awash with pink decorations and a candy floss stand – all in classic GC extravagance. In keeping with the theme, Gemma stunned with bright pink hair, matching lipstick and eyeshadow for the event, which took place a few days before the star’s actual birthday on Wednesday. A huge part of the evening for the reality star was DJ Fat Tony taking to the decks, which Gemma was over the moon about, as she posted two appreciative videos dedicated to the 56-year-old party legend. ‘I will never forget this, you have made me so happy,’ the singer told Fat Tony on stage in front of a whooping crowd. It seems the love went both ways, as Fat Tony replied: ‘Love you babe it was a honour thank you so much x’. Now that’s a 42nd birthday party not to be forgotten. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gemma Collins seeking the help of witches as she thinks she’s ‘cursed’ MORE : Gemma Collins suffers health scare as eardrum bursts on holiday in Israel 