Gwyneth Paltrow has reminisced about her roaring 90s, confessing it was much easier to get up to hedonistic antics. The Goop founder, 50, rose to fame in the era starring in a slew of classic films including thriller Seven and drama Sliding Doors, before bagging the Oscar for Best Actress in Shakespeare in Love in 1998. During the 90s, The Royal Tenenbaums star also enjoyed high-profile relationships with Brad Pitt, 59, to whom she was engaged, as well as Ben Affleck, 50. And according to the Shallow Hal actor, the 90s were a brilliant time to be in the spotlight because there was less intrusion and, crucially, no social media and camera phones. Appearing on Monday’s The Late Late Show with James Corden, along with Hilary Swank, 48, the Mammals actor, 44, remarked: ‘You both came up in the 90s and it’s having quite the Renaissance at the moment: the fashion, the music. ‘What was it like for both of you being so famous at a time when there was no social media? No nothing? What do you remember about that time?’ Laughing Gwyneth joked: ‘I mean, talk about doing cocaine and not getting caught. ‘You could just be in a bar and be like having fun, dance on a table. No camera phones. ‘Especially in New York, interestingly enough, there were no paparazzi – like you could stumble out of a bar and go home with some rando and no one would know.’ However, now Gwyneth is famously known for her healthy living and wellness brand Goop, admitting recently she had no New Year’s resolutions because she has ‘nothing left to quit.’ Writing in her company’s newsletter, she said: ‘I’m not a big resolutions person because I think it sets us up to fail. I try to set broader goals and work toward them all year. ‘I think about the little incremental changes I can make as opposed to some big sweeping thing. Also, I’m so old now and have been doing this for so long that I kind of have nothing left to quit. It becomes about less-tangible things.’ The Late Late Show with James Corden airs on CBS in the US. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gwyneth Paltrow approves of Hailey Bieber’s ‘nepo baby’ T-shirt MORE : Gwyneth Paltrow wants you to know she’s so pure she has ‘nothing left to quit’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 