Transport for London has announced bus and tube fares will rise to the most expensive they have been in a decade. Journey costs will increase by an average of 5.9 per cent – the biggest hike for more than 10 years. For the second successive year, bus fares will rise 10p – taking them to £1.75 from March 5. The daily and weekly cap on pay-as-you-go Tube fares will increase by up to 6.7 per cent, depending on how many zones are travelled. A ban introduced at the start of the pandemic on Londoners over 60 travelling for free before 9am is being made permanent from today – a move that will anger many thousands of pensioners but which will generate £40m a year in extra fares. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said he has been forced by the Government to mirror the 5.9 per cent rise in national rail fares. Mr Khan said: ‘The last thing I want to do is increase council tax at a time when many household budgets are stretched, but the Government’s refusal to provide the funding our city needs means I’ve been left with no viable alternative but to help plug the gap by raising council tax. ‘This will ensure we can protect and further improve our vital frontline public services, including the police, transport and the London Fire Brigade.’ He said single fares in central London had been deliberately increased by more than those outside zone 1 to keep costs ‘as low as possible’ for Londoners travelling from the suburbs into work. He also said it is because journeys solely within zone 1 were ‘more likely to be made for tourism or leisure’. He also recognised that car use in the suburbs is higher and wanted to avoid discouraging greater use of public transport. He has abandoned plans to increase the qualifying age for the 60+ Oyster, meaning that the benefit will continue to start at age 60 – though with no free travel until after 9am. Peter Fortune, deputy leader of the GLA Conservatives, said: ‘London is now facing a major cost of Khan crisis. ‘Sadiq Khan’s council tax will have risen 57 per cent since he was elected, as he hits Londoners with another big increase in fares.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.