Prince William named Britain’s youth homelessness plight ‘terrifying’ as he heard of 13-year-olds being put at risk of sleeping rough – while being welcomed for channelling the spirit of Princess Diana. The Prince of Wales chatted with young people, including an ex-drug addict and others left homeless, on a visit to a charity previously supported by his late mother. He was urged to send a message to the government to provide better support to help get people off the streets and into homes after dropping by the HQ of Depaul UK in Borough, south London. The Prince of Wales did a stint helping sell copies of homelessness aid magazine The Big Issue in June last year alongside seller Dave Martin. His mother visited Depaul UK in engagements in 1990, 1993 and 1995. She opened the first Depaul Trust Hostel in Willesden, north-west London. in June 1995. William appeared startled to hear aid agency workers there were trying to help teenagers as young as 13 after family breakdowns put them in danger of losing a roof above their heads. ‘It starts so young – that’s terrifying’, he told Depaul UK executive director of services, Nicola Harwood. The future King’s response followed Ms Harwood description of how youngsters have been forced into ‘sofa-surfing’ or ‘staying with grannies’ as their parents’ lives and relationships broke down. She added: ‘Young people, when they think of homelessness they don’t know where to reach out for support.’ This was only the second public engagement from William since the publication of his younger brother Harry’s memoir Spare. The book accuses the new Prince of Wales of physically assaulting him in a fight over Harry’s wife Meghan. William’s appearance today was welcomed by people who have been helped by Depaul UK to get back on track. Lee, 27, told of owing his life to the organisation and armed forces charity SSAFA, after emerging from a four-year service in the military in 2016 with trauma and substance issues. Lee said: ‘I went down a very, very bad hill. I turned into a nasty person. If it wasn’t for Depaul, I don’t think I’d be here now.’ After his chat with the prince, he said: ‘I felt he was engaged, he was listening – and I hope good things come from this. He’s in a position where people should listen to him.’ He added: ‘It makes me proud, seeing they’re taking an interest.’ Ms Harwood said: ‘Princess Diana was so passionate about people falling through the cracks of the system – that upset her a lot. ‘It seems her sons have stepped into this and having Prince William here seems to show how significant this is for them.’ After hearing their stories, William said: ‘Thank goodness you called – what did it take for you guys to do that?’ The prince also raised what he called ‘the mental health side of things’ when asking about those helped by the charity. He and his wife Kate previously backed the Heads Together mental health awareness campaign alongside Harry and Meghan during happier times for the so-called ‘Fab Four’. An estimated 120,000 children and young people are at risk of homelessness, according to the charity Centrepoint’s latest study – while 3.9 million children are thought to be living in poverty. The organisation says in the past two months there has been a 45% rise in rough sleeping among young people it supports, and a 31% increase in so-called ‘sofa surfing’. Another housing charity, Shelter, says 50,000 private renters in England aged under 25 are behind on their payments. Depaul UK aims to provide not only access to accommodation but also prevention education in schools, as well as referrals to counsellors and advisors. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.