By the standards of the past few weeks, today is a quiet one when it comes to strikes. Everyone from railway workers and civil servants to nurses has staged industrial action for months, often because of pay and declining working conditions. Today, driving examiners in London, the South East, South Wales and the South West are walking out. Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) workers who are part of the Public and Commercial Services (PCS) union have been striking since December. Different agency workers from different regions have walked, with those in London and southern England and Wales striking since January 4. Learning drivers are being urged to check if their practical test has been cancelled or rescheduled as transport workers join other civil servants in a series of strikes. If the DVSA hasn’t contacted you, the agency recommends you still go to your appointment as normal. Car, motorcycle, lorry, bus, coach, minibus, tractor and other specialist vehicle driving lessons might be impacted. Union leaders say test centres at the following locations will likely be affected: Ashford (Kent), Aylesbury, Banbury, Bangor, Barnstaple, Belvedere (London), Bletchley, Bodmin, Bridgend, Bristol (Avonmouth), Bristol (Brislington), Bristol (Kingswood), Bromley (London), Burgess Hill, Caernarfon LGV, Camborne , Canterbury, Cardiff (Llanishen), Carmarthen, Cheltenham, Chertsey (London), Chichester, Chingford (London), Chippenham, Crawley, Dorchester, Eastbourne, Enfield (Brancroft Way), Enfield (Innova Business Park), Erith (London), Exeter , Exeter LGV, Farnborough, Folkestone, Gillingham, Gillingham LGV, Gloucester, Greenford (London), Guildford, Hastings (Ore), Hendon (London), Herne Bay, Hither Green (London), Isleworth (Fleming Way), Lancing, Launceston, Lee On The Solent, Llanelli, Llantrisant, Maidstone, Merthyr Tydfil, Mill Hill (London), Monmouth, Morden (London), Newbury (Hambridge Lane), Newport (Gwent), Newport (Isle Of Wight), Newton Abbot, Oxford (Cowley), Pembroke Dock, Pinner (London), Plymouth, Plymouth LGV, Poole, Portsmouth, Reading, Rhyl, Sevenoaks, Sidcup (London), Slough (London), Southall (London), Southampton (Maybush), Southampton LGV, Swansea, Swindon, Taunton, Tolworth (London), Tottenham, Tunbridge Wells, Uxbridge (London), Wanstead (London), Weston-Super-Mare, Winchester, Wood Green (London), Wrexham, Wrexham LGV and Yeading (London). Civil servants from more government departments and agencies will move to strike again in the week ahead, joining bus workers and ambulances. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has invited union leaders across the public sector to talks tomorrow to prevent further stoppages. He said Friday he wanted a ‘grown-up conversation’ with unions on public sector pay settlements for the financial year starting in April. Talks must focus on ‘what’s affordable ’ and ‘what’s responsible’ for the country. ‘The most pressing economic priority we have is reducing the cost of living, and getting a grip of inflation is the best way we can do that to ease the cost of living, not only for nurses but for everyone,’ Sunak said. Union leaders say years of stagnating pay has worsened workers’ bank accounts amid the cost-of-living crisis. Matt Wrack, general secretary of the Fire Brigades Union currently balloting members, called it an ’empty offer’ and a ‘meaningless stunt’. Emma Runswick, deputy chair of council at the British Medical Association, which represents doctors, said the talk offer was ‘laughable’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.