The mother of the rapist Metropolitan Police officer David Carrick has spoken out and said despite a ‘normal-ish’ childhood her concerns about him began as a teenager. She also said how Carrick, 48, did ‘fairly well’ at school and that he had so many girlfriends when he was younger that she stopped caring when he brought girls home. The firearms officer, known to police colleagues as ‘Bastard Dave’ is facing decades behind bars after admitting a total of 49 offences between 2003 and 2020. Carrick, from Stevenage, Hertfordshire, pleaded guilty to 43 charges at the Old Bailey in December and the final six at Southwark Crown Court on Monday. They include 24 counts of rape against nine women, but some of the charges are multiple incident counts, meaning they relate to at least 48 rapes. His mother Jean, split with the officer’s father when he was a teenager and has since started a relationship with another man. Speaking from her house in Salisbury, she told The Guardian of how she raised a concern about him when he was a teenager. She said: ‘After that, he changed…he just sort of kept himself to himself and away from the family. And that’s when I had my two other children. ‘I didn’t know this until recently, but my other son told me: ‘He’s a horrible man. He used to kick me on the back of the legs.’ Carrick joined the army at 19 before serving tours in Cyprus and the Falklands in 1996. Jean added: ‘He always wanted to join the army. I think he wanted to travel around. It could also be because he wanted to carry a weapon.’ MORE : Disgusted and creeped out Susanna Reid baffled at how serial rapist PC David Carrick kept police role MORE : Met police officer revealed to be serial rapist who attacked 12 women 24 times Recalling their last encounter, she told how Carrick took her out for breakfast before becoming angry that his half-brother was ‘giving her grief’ on the phone. She told the Guardian: ‘He took the phone off me and started shouting at my son. He said: ‘I’m Mr Plod. I’m a policeman so don’t fuck me around.’ He then ran out and I never saw him after that.’ She said the allegations have devastated her. ‘He’s still my boy, still my son,’ she said. She added: ‘I just don’t know why he’s done it. You know, when he was doing well, and now he’s lost everything. He’s going to lose a lot – the Met police, everything.’ Meanwhile, Carrick’s former school friend revealed how he ‘treated women like c**p’. He told the newspaper: ‘When we were younger I thought he was a cool lad. A lot of people liked him. ‘He was one of those lads who was good at everything – I think he had good grades and he was very much a sports person. ‘He was very popular with the women, he was a good-looking lad, he was a fit lad.’ But the friend said he ‘quite quickly saw things I didn’t like’ shortly after Carrick purchased a house in Stevenage in 2008. He added: ‘He would use his being in the police and he would use his power to get his way. He would start arguments and then say he’s in the police and throw his weight around a little bit too much. ‘So I used to say to him: ‘Look, Dave, you can’t be doing that, you’re a police officer.’‘ The friend also recalled at least three occasions in which Carrick flashed his warrant card to intimidate others. It comes as Carrick today pleaded guilty to abusing and tortured 12 victims over nearly two decades. Carrick used his position as a police officer to gain his victims’ trust and convinced them they would not be believed if they reported him, a court heard yesterday. The armed officer in the specialist Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command preyed on dating sites including Tinder and Badoo in a bid to find vulnerable women before arranging to meet them at bars. He flashed his warrant card and boasted of meeting high-profile figures, including former PM Boris Johnson, as part of his work. The former cop is believed to be one of the worst sex offenders in modern history after he was unmasked as a serial rapist who attacked 12 women 24 times. His crimes have forced the Met to apologise for its failure to stop Carrick as Number 10 warned trust in the police had been ‘shattered’. Sir Mark Rowley said: ‘We failed in two respects. We failed as investigators, where we should have been more intrusive and joined the dots on this repeated misogyny over a couple of decades. ‘And, as leaders, our mindset should have been more determined to root out such a misogynist. ‘These failures are horrific examples of the systemic failures that concern me and were highlighted by Baroness Casey in her recent review. ‘I do know an apology doesn’t go far enough, but I do think it’s important to acknowledge our failings and for me to say I’m sorry. ‘I apologise to all of David Carrick’s victims. I also want to say sorry to all of the women across London who feel we’ve let them down.’ A misconduct hearing will be held in Carrick’s absence today, ahead of his sentence on February 6. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.