Cristiano Ronaldo was spotted watching new team Al-Nassr from a VIP box on Friday but appeared to leave at half-time after not returning to his seat. Al-Nassr were unable to register Ronaldo for his debut after exceeding their limit for non-Saudi Arabian players in their squad, with the 37-year-old forced to watch as a spectator instead as his new side registered a 2-0 victory over Al-Ta’ee. Former Manchester United star Ronaldo has signed a £175 million-a-year deal with Al-Nassr and was officially unveiled by the club earlier this week. The Portugal international superstar is also currently serving a two-game suspension from the Football Association after he slapped a phone out of the hands of an Everton fan last April. Ronaldo may now face an extended wait to make his first appearance for his new club as Al-Nassr need to reorganise their squad to accommodate their marquee signing. Al-Nassr currently have eight foreign players in their squad, which is the maximum allowed under the rules of the Saudi league. ‘Al Nassr has not registered him yet because there is no vacancy for a foreign player,’ an Al-Nassr official told AFP. ‘A foreign player must leave to register Ronaldo, either by selling or by terminating the contract by mutual consent.’ Al Nassr’s overseas contingent includes former Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina, Brazilian duo Luiz Gustavo and Anderson Talisca, and Cameroon striker Vincent Aboubakar. Ronaldo’s controversial exit from United during the World Cup in Qatar followed a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan in which slammed boss Erik ten Hag, former team-mates Wayne Rooney and Gary Neville – as well as the Glazer family – who own the club. He also aimed a dig at former interim boss Ralf Ragnick and hit out at the club’s young players, accusing them of not caring enough and feeling that they did not listen to him or his advice. MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo reveals where he had offers from before moving to Saudi Arabia MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo split with agent Jorge Mendes due to disagreement over Man Utd exit 