Ever since The Traitors came to an end on the BBC, fans have felt a huge void in their lives as they eagerly await the next series. However, very exciting news has just landed, as the US version of the show is set to launch in the UK this week after weeks of speculation. The American version of the hit reality show, which is hosted by Alan Cumming, launches across the pond today. Unlike the UK version of the programme, which is helmed by Strictly’s Claudia Winkleman, the cast features a variety of celebrity contestants, including reality star Brandi Glanville, Below Deck’s Kate Chastain and Olympian Ryan Lochte. Shortly after its premiere, fans in the UK will be able to catch up on all of the latest the latest backstabbing and dramatic twists… and we can’t wait to get stuck in. So who how can you watch in the UK, who else is in the UK and will all of the episodes be available in one go? Here’s what you need to know. On the morning of Friday January 13, The Traitors US is set to launch as a boxset on BBC iPlayer. However, fans will be able to enjoy a linear viewing experience if they’d prefer that option over binging the whole series in one go. In addition to the episodes coming out on the streaming platform, the show will also be shown on BBC One on Wednesday nights as double bills for five weeks at 10.40pm, starting from January 25. The Traitors US is also set to be shown on BBC Three across three weeks, with the first three episodes airing on Tuesday January 24, Wednesday January 25 and Thursday January 26. The next episodes will air on the channel on Monday January 30, Tuesday January 31, Wednesday February 1 and Thursday February 2, and then the final three episodes will air on Monday February 6, Tuesday February 7 and Wednesday February 8. There will be 10 episodes in total, each lasting an hour. So 600 minutes of tasty tension is coming our way! While in the UK, The Traitors introduced viewers to a range of unknown faces, the US version of the show will see celebrities try their hand at the art of manipulation. Those celebrities include The Bachelor and The Bachelorette star Arie Luyendyk Jr, Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Brandi Glanville, Survivor’s Cirie Fields and Big Brother contestant Cody Calafiore. Also taking part is Below Deck star Kate Chastain, Summer House’s Kyle Cooke and Big Brother’s Rachel Reilly. Lastly, Shahs of Sunset’s Reza Farahan, Olympian Ryan Lochte and Survivor star Stephenie LaGrossa Kendrick are also in the line-up. The Traitors US launches on BBC iPlayer on Friday January 13. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Traitors US stars Rachel Reilly and Kyle Cooke felt they had ‘target on their backs’ over TV background MORE : The Traitors’ Maddy Smedley sends fans wild after deciding which Teletubbies would be Traitors or Faithfuls: ‘I believe in you 100%’ 