So, here we are in the first week of 2023, and just ahead of a New Moon, in Aquarius season. Lots of new, fresh, vibrant energy and opportunity, lots of intention, optimism and progressive energy flying around, urging us to authentically focus on our true desires and goals, and manifest new strategies and plans to help us achieve them. It’s time to be inventive, energetic and bold. Let the tarot guide you, this week, towards the new thing you should start doing to help activate the fresh, new energy cycle. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Five of Cups Meaning: Use this positive surge of energy to push past, process and put away any old, lingering regrets or self doubts left behind from 2022. Sometimes the echoes of old disappointments or bad episodes bubble up and plague you… practice tackling this in a new way this week. Distraction, affirmation, new intentions. Stopping the old script from playing out and replacing it with a new, optimistic one. Talk to yourself kindly. Process feelings about the past. Turn the page. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Queen of Coins Meaning: You are taking charge of your work, home and health right now. Putting measures in place, and creating new schedules, that set you up for success. You realise that intention is all well and good but you actually need the right environment, people and activities surrounding you if you’re to stick to prosperous, healthy, and fulfilling ambitions. The Queen of Coins sees you redesigning your environment to make it easy to be good and get ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Queen of Cups Meaning: If you could devise a weekly schedule that made it easy to do things which were good for you (yoga, meditation, cooking in batches from scratch, deep rest and relaxation, seeing family and friends etc) then life would be a lot smoother and easier to live. Use your inventive energy this week, with the loving Queen of Cups, to establish a core schedule of self care that you can feasibly stick to and enjoy doing easily. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Six of Coins Meaning: You are famously generous and kind, other people are drawn to your compassion and charm like moths to a flame. The Six of Coins asks you to please and support others in new, innovative and surprising ways this week. Build up your credit in the Bank of Good Karma! So, have fun with this. Perhaps you take someone out you usually just phone up. Perhaps you have a House Picnic with an elderly relative (using up Christmas chocolate and treats!). Perhaps you host a supper for neighbours. Something new. Something interesting. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Four of Wands Meaning: This is a year to get ahead in your career and work goals, moving on up and making more money, going solo and setting up a new venture, creating a fresh revenue stream that works for your lifestyle. Invest, innovate, be bold, apply, pitch, propose. The Four of Wands urges you to make cunning strategies this week for how you’ll get ahead in 2023, because the ideas will just keep on flowing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Page of Cups Meaning: So many creative ideas and fantasies are flowing into your imagination this week, with the creative Page of Cups, make sure you keep a journal handy and note them all down. You will be inspired to create things, learn a new craft or skill or language even, broaden your horizons when it comes to travel plans, and think of new places to visit and spend your weekends exploring this winter. In one week, Virgo, you can lay out your whole winter season’s fun and games. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: The Lovers Meaning: Use your inspiring and inventive energies to tackle a head vs heart conflict or decision you’ve yet to truly face into. It’s something hanging over from 2022, and it’s something you feel hot and cold about, therefore it’s all turned towards procrastinating and overthinking. Not any more. This week, get your head into the issue, drill down to the root cause, question yourself, your motives and your emotions. From all of this swirling energy will come a clear line of focus and clarity. You will see, at last, exactly what to do. Get on and do it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Eight of Swords Meaning: Take a daring moment to refocus your laser-sharp analytical beam of enquiry back at yourself. I know that’s hard, I know you are innately private and guarded, Scorpio. The Eight of Swords asks you to think about something you don’t like in others, or criticise. Now, look inwards. Where does this dislike manifest from in your own attitude or history or actions? This could be an enlightening and powerful epiphany, enabling you to bust out of a mental prison that has long been a blind spot. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Knight of Swords Meaning: Oh it’s time to be super bold, super risk-positive, and make a stunning leap of faith that serves your own ambition and agenda perfectly. Don’t ask permission (maybe forgiveness later, if you must). Don’t delay. Don’t overthink. Don’t compromise or worry about others’ opinions. This is about you being direct and forthright, assertive and focused. Go for the thing you want most. Make a bold move. Be confident. You can, with the battling Knight of Swords, manifest magic. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: The High Priestess Meaning: You are probably more a creature of action than thought (though you do enjoy strategising and planning). The High Priestess puts you very much in thought mode this week, though. Turn inwards, reflect, meditate, let your fantasies flow freely. They will be focused on how you can do new things in a new way to manifest your goals. Perhaps it’s an invitation to meditate every week on your goals, to let your subconscious have more of a say. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Ace of Cups Meaning: It’s a great week to activate a new creative hobby, pastime or role in your world, something which re-affirms your sense of fun and lust for life. The Ace of Cups also hints at new love and friendships, so perhaps this new activity is a gateway to meeting new people, and maybe activating a new romance. You love using your mind, taking in new information, learning a different skill. Put all that into play this week, whether it’s something you join a class to do, or do alone, get to it. Be creative. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: The Tower Meaning: Go back to the scene of your most recent disaster, something unexpected and maybe unpleasant which changed your world in that very moment. It’s okay. It’s over now so there are no nasty aftershocks or surprises left. You can re-assess the situation more dispassionately and take a life lesson, maybe even a silver lining, from it now. This re-processing is important so that you can keep on moving on, and growing, and feeling good about your journey. You handled it all well. Let yourself see, and accept, that. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of November 2022 MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Libra MORE : Mars retrograde slows everything down – your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the period