Dani Dyer has revealed she’s pregnant with twins in a surprise annoucement, expressing how excited she and her boyfriend Jarrod Bowen are. In a post shared on Instagram, the 26-year-old wrote: ‘We have been keeping a little secret… Our little TWINS ♡ ♡ ‘So excited to meet our babies and watch santi be the best big brother.. ‘The biggest surprise of our lives but feeling SO blessed.. our family is getting a lot bigger and we can’t wait✨.’ Dani, who’s the daughter of EastEnders actor Danny Dyer, shared her huge news by posting a picture of her son Santiago next to a framed picture of her ultrasound scans. ‘I’m going to be a big brother to twins,’ the image’s caption read, as the toddler, who’s due to celebrate his second birthday on January 23, gazed at the camera. In the second image on her post, Dani and Jarrod embraced as they beamed at each other, with the reality star showing her baby bump for the first time in a long grey dress. The third and last picture featured a close-up of her bump, with Jarrod’s hands cuddling her tummy from behind. Friends and fans of Dani have rushed to congratulate her and her partner on their happy news, with comedian Katherine Ryan commenting on Instagram: ‘Ayayaaaaaye congratulations.’ ‘Oh wowwwwwww ❤️❤️❤️ congratulations my love,’ said Love Island’s Samira Mighty, while Shaughna Phillips added: ‘Omg congratulations my love!!!!! So happy for you.’ Dani and professional footballer Jarrod, 26, have been together since 2021, having gone Instagram official in December that year. He plays for West Ham United and the England national team, and previously played for Hereford United and Hull City. Dani shares her son Santiago with her ex-boyfriend Sammy Kimmence, who she was in a relationship with before her time on Love Island in 2018. Having won the ITV2 competition with Jack Fincham, Dani and Sammy rekindled their relationship after her break-up with Jack. Dani split from Sammy for a second time when he pleaded guilty to scamming two vulnerable pensioners out of almost £34,000 by posing as a financial advisor, a crime for which he was imprisoned. He was released from jail last year. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share first photo of newborn baby daughter in heartwarming snap and reveal name: ‘We are in bliss’ MORE : Danny Dyer filmed final EastEnders scenes in tank of broccoli juice and we have questions 