The nominations for next month’s Brit Awards were released last week and music fans were outraged to learn all five acts in the ceremony’s prestigious artist of the year category were male. The Brits’ response to the backlash was swift, with the organisation pointing to the fact that there were ‘fewer high-profile women artists in cycle with major releases’. However, one leading industry expert has called the ceremony’s best artist list a ‘misfire’. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, Youth Music CEO Matt Griffiths offered an insight into the changes the industry needs to make in order to safeguard a diverse future for British music. Asked what he made of the Brits’ fiasco, Matt said frankly: ‘I think the Brits really misfired. And it’s a real contradiction because they introduced the non-gender category, and then all the nominees were male. ‘It’s a massive own goal.’ He added: ‘It displays systemic issues about lack of representation in the music industries, and to be honest, discrimination.’ The all-male nominees shortlisted for the honour are Central Cee, Fred again…, George Ezra, Harry Styles and Stormzy. When it comes to diversity and representation within the music industry, Matt knows his stuff. The charity he heads up specialises in breaking down barriers for young musicians who otherwise might not be able to get a foot in the door. Youth Music invests in grassroots projects that provide young people equal opportunities to access music, in turn producing a more diverse pool of talent. Asked about his thoughts on the Brits’ official response to the backlash, Matt suggested it isn’t backed up by evidence. The Brits’ full response read: ‘While it’s disappointing there are no nominations in the artist of the year category, we also have to recognise that 2022 saw fewer high-profile women artists in cycle with major releases as was the case in 2021. ‘Last year’s introduction of new categories aimed at making the awards even more inclusive, recognising exceptional work rather than how artists identify. ‘It saw women artists thrive, winning 10 of the 15 awards on the night and Adele being crowned inaugural artist of the year.’ However, according to the BBC, out of the 70 acts eligible to be nominated in the category, only 12 were female. Sadly, Matt didn’t seem too surprised by those numbers, noting that the Brits’ statement ‘isn’t backed by the evidence’. ‘Again, it’s back to these structural problems. There are all sorts of issues about being a female artist that a male artist wouldn’t have.’ He went on: ‘If the Brits can do more about addressing that, then they’ll bring even greater diversity and even greater music to the Brits and to the music industry. ‘There are a series of excuses that are given, and actually, those are hiding structural inequalities.’ However, that’s not to say Matt is against the Brits’ move to abandon gendered categories. The ceremony announced in 2021 that moving forward nominations would consist of gender-neutral categories, with the likes of British female artist and British male artist being scrapped. Of the decision, Matt said: ‘In terms of principle, it’s a really good thing. But there needs to be action behind it. Just having a category isn’t enough.’ Pointing to Youth Music’s own awards ceremony, October’s Youth Music Awards, Matt continued: ‘With our judges, we sent them the criteria – the music and information, obviously – but we also say very clearly that one of our absolute goals is changing the balance of representation, because so many young creators are losing out because of tsystemic discrimination.’ While no females were nominated in the artist of the year category, the likes of Wet Leg, Blackpink, Mimi Webb and Rina Sawayama are up for gongs in other categories. As for what music fans themselves can do, Matt reckons it’s pretty simple. ‘Keep calling this out,’ he told us. ’Keep calling out [the] unfairness and discrimination that’s not allowing a lot of this great music to cut through.’ Well, you heard the man, it’s time to make some noise! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Martin and Shirlie Kemp spill beans on how they kept The Masked Singer stint a secret – even from their children MORE : Billy Joel pays tribute to Jeff Beck at Madison Square Garden show: ‘He was the best’ 