A police dog handler who reached the final of Britain’s Got Talent is being investigated over alleged welfare issues with dogs in his care. PC Dave Wardell and his alsatian Finn finished fifth in the 2019 series after charming the public and Simon Cowell with their mind-reading act. He told the judges about an incident where Finn leapt in front of him as a robber tried to stab him with a 10-inch knife. The dog was severely wounded but survived, and Wardell used his platform on the show to successfully campaign for a change in the law to protect police dogs and horses. But now, Hertfordshire Police have removed two other dogs – a springer spaniel and another alsatian – from his care while it investigates his ‘conduct’. The Daily Mail reported the probe may focus on claims one of the dogs was used for breeding. A police spokesperson said: ‘We can confirm that the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Professional Standards Department is currently investigating an officer’s conduct with regards to police dog welfare issues. ‘The police dogs in question are being looked after elsewhere.’ Wardell, 46, has been placed on restricted duties, but has not been suspended from his role with the dog unit. He and his wife Gemma are trustees of The Thin Blue Paw Foundation, a charity which rehabilitates serving and former police dogs in the UK. The foundation was one of the driving forces behind the campaign for Finn’s Law, which was promoted by Wardell during his appearance on Britain’s Got Talent. Formally known as the Animal Welfare (Service Animals) Act, the legislation prevents those who attack service ­animals from claiming it was self-defence, and came into force in June 2019. When Finn, the law’s namesake, was retired from the police, Wardell brought him into his home as a family pet. After their audition, Simon Cowell said: ‘That was pretty incredible. That’s never happened on any show. ‘A dog will literally give up his life for you. For anyone who has been cruel to an animal or a dog, just remember if you had treated him well, they would have put their lives up ahead of you.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.