If there was one stand-out moment from The White Lotus season two, it has to be that Jennifer Coolidge scene where she delivers her iconic line: ‘These gays, they’re trying to murder me.’ But unfortunately, the scene in question has been cut from a Russian streaming site, according to reports. Jennifer returned as Tanya McQuoid who, in the second series of the hit HBO programme, innocently befriended a group of fabulous and seemingly rich gay men who were actually trying to murder her, and not just whisk her away for some wild nights out. And while on a yacht with them, Jennifer (with the help of her assistant Portia, played by Haley Lu Richardson) figures out the plot and delivers those iconic words. But, according to Russian news site Meduza, it wasn’t the ‘gays’ out to kill her, but the ‘men’ as the line was apparently censored. The boat driver in the scene replies: ‘We’re all gays here,’ but this has also been changed to: ‘We’re all men here.’ The publication also reports that several scenes regarding sex worker Valentina and her friend Mia having sex with each other have ‘disappeared’. And that’s not all. According to Russian news site Wonderzine, Tanya’s discovery of the leader of the ring having sex with his ‘nephew’ Jack has also been cut. The edits have been made after a new law cracking down on Russian’s LGBTQ+ movement stepped closer to being enacted in November. The Duma gave final approval to a bill that imposes sweeping new restrictions on activities deemed to promote gay rights. Under Vladimir Putin, the government in Moscow has become increasingly ultra-conservative and says it is committed to ‘traditional values’. The law expands a ban on what it dubs ‘propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations’ to young people, established by legislation dubbed the ‘gay propaganda’ law. It was first adopted by the Kremlin in 2013 but has been significantly beefed up by the changes. In November, legislators moved to ban spreading such information to people aged 18 and older. The bill – which outlaws all advertising, media and online resources, books, films and theatre productions deemed to contain ‘propaganda’ and was used previously to ban depictions of same-sex romance in films – was approved in the third and final reading, another blow to the country’s embattled LGBTQ+ community. The White Lotus is available to stream on NOW. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gay icon and now TV’s golden girl, how Jennifer Coolidge won over the world MORE : Golden Globes viewers fawn over moment Colin Farrell ‘leapt’ out of seat to help Jennifer Coolidge to stage: ‘He’s such a real one’ 