If trying something for the first time was fruitless, then no worries, the stars could offer another opportunity for success. Those without faith in their skills or experience may be supported in learning as they go, or relying on their intuition. The indulgent Moon in Leo could also encourage splashing out and socialising. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 8, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 The Leo Moon makes some sterling aspects, putting you in the mood to do something fun or to accept an invite to a social event. Still, your mind may be on your goals and responsibilities, especially if things haven’t gone as planned. Mercury’s lively link with Uranus could coincide with a second bite of the cherry. If you missed a golden opportunity, you might be in luck, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 If you’ve given up on something because you don’t have enough skill or experience, the current star map encourages you to think again. Most people set out not having as much knowledge as they need, and this is why they feel out of their comfort zone. Mercury’s link with Uranus encourages you to learn as you go. You’ll soon find your feet and begin to make progress. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Sometimes it’s possible to know too much. The emphasis on your sector of change, suggests that letting go of what you think is important can help you make a better job of something. Whether you’re finishing a project, closing a deal or sorting out a financial matter, approaching it from a more intuitive perspective could see you making decisions and taking actions that really work. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Mercury in its retro phase aligns with energizing Uranus, which could coincide with a reunion, and one you’ll thoroughly enjoy. There may be a lot of catching up to do, and you’ll both be pleased and surprised by all the news. Feel like a little retail therapy? Indulgent lunar ties can find you ready to splurge, even if you vowed to save your money. Why not treat yourself! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 The Moon in your sign and its ties to jovial Jupiter and charming Venus, may be a call to indulge a desire for good company and new experiences. Take time out to go on a trip or opt for an adventure. You’ll return refreshed and renewed. Plus, you’ll be keen to experiment with ideas that make your daily life easier. Anything that simplifies matters is worth a look, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 With Mercury your personal planet currently retrograde, you may rediscover an activity that you enjoyed in your younger years. And you might have forgotten how much fun it was. With restless Uranus in the mix, you’ll be ready to dive in and see if it gives you the same buzz. Today is perfect for doing things you don’t normally do. Once you have a go, you won’t look back. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Leo Moon in your social zone makes some fabulous ties, that could coincide with a get-together, party or other positive event. The vibes look to be especially warm and welcoming, and you’ll be ready to let your hair down and enjoy the company of new friends and old. Fancy something more low-key? An outing with the family can turn into a wild and happy occasion. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 If you abandoned an idea recently, today’s starry outlook hints you’ll be ready to have another go, Scorpio. If it didn’t seem of much use before, you’ll now realise that it’s worth going for. What seems like a backward step could be very progressive. It may be a good move to discuss this, as the feedback you get can be surprisingly positive. Don’t second guess yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You’ll be excited to try your hand at something different. And if it involves a little risk, all the better. Trekking, mountain biking, rock climbing and even a long walk in the country, can soothe that itch that craves adventure. Taking someone like-minded along with you could make your day complete. On the financial front, a job offer out of the blue might be a good earner, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Expect the unexpected today, as Mercury rewinds in your sign and aligns with Uranus in your leisure zone. You’ll be keen to snap up an invite if it engages your curiosity. This may be from someone you haven’t seen in a while, which could add to the occasion. The chance to catch up and the option to go to an exhibition, concert or for a meal or outing, may be too good to miss. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Do you have dreams and desires you haven’t dared to admit to yourself? Over coming days and weeks, these can begin to bubble up and make themselves known. Now it’s time to embrace them, even if some of them go against other people’s expectations and beliefs. If you’re willing to own them and make a start, you’ll begin to flourish and you won’t look back, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may have your mind set on trying something different that will enliven your finances and expand your horizons, Pisces. Yet you need excitement as well as stability. Even so, you are likely very aware of the price of having too many things happening at once. Choose your projects wisely, as the way in which you invest your time can be crucial to getting good results. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2022 MORE : All the key astrological dates in January – and what they mean for you