Manchester City player Benjamin Mendy has been cleared of sex attacks on four women – but faces a retrial over alleged attacks on two others. The Premier League star said he was ‘delighted’ to be acquitted of most of the charges he faced and looks forward to ‘clearing his name’. He covered his face with both hands, gently rocking back and forth, as the jury foreman, delivering the verdicts in a hushed courtroom, repeated ‘not guilty’ to six counts of rape and one count of sexual assault, relating to four young women or teenagers. They could not be reported until jurors concluded considering the remaining two counts; the alleged attempted rape of a woman, 29, in 2018 and the rape of another woman, 24, in October 2020. But after 67 hours and 17 minutes of deliberations, spread across 14 days, jurors at Chester Crown Court were unable to agree. Judge Everett discharged them on Friday, ending the trial, but prosecutors immediately said they were seeking a re-trial on the outstanding counts. A second trial, lasting two to three weeks, has been set for the same court on June 26. Jenny Wiltshire, of Hickman & Rose, said: ‘My client Benjamin Mendy would like to thank the members of the jury for their dedication and commitment. ‘He also thanks everyone who supported him, and particularly the witnesses who gave evidence on his behalf in the glare of such intense publicity.’ Wiltshire added: ‘He looks forward to clearing his name in relation to the other two charges so he can start rebuilding his life.’ Mendy is expected to face retrial in June over an allegation of rape related to an incident in his mansion with a woman, 29, on October 2020 and an allegation of attempted rape of another woman, 24, at the same property two years prior. One of the rape charges was dropped during court proceedings. Prosecutor Matthew Conway said: ‘The prosecution has made a decision. We have made a decision today, which is to proceed on these counts in two separate trials and we seek today a provisional case management.’ Co-accused Louis Saha Matturie, Mendy’s alleged ‘fixer’, was found not guilty of three counts of rape against two women. Jurors also failed to reach verdicts on three counts of rape and three counts of sexual assault against him by five other women. Manchester City said in a club statement: ‘Manchester City FC notes the verdict from Chester Crown Court today, where a jury has found Benjamin Mendy not guilty of seven charges. The jury is hung on two charges and the trial is now over. ‘Given there are open matters related to this case, the Club is not in a position to comment further at this time.’ Prosecutors described Mendy as a ‘danger to women’ who used his immense wealth and status as a professional footballer to lure victims into ‘toxic’ situations. He was accused of being a ‘predator’ who treated pursuing women for sex like a game, flaunting his wealth by sipping champagne in VIP areas of Manchester nightclubs. Mendy would invite women into ‘dangerous’ situations at ‘after-parties’ in his mansion in Mottram St Andrew near Prestbury. Lockdown-busting parties were held both at Mendy’s home and an apartment he rented on Chapel Street in Manchester. The court heard how the trial had been ‘absolute hell’ for the £52 million star and he will ‘never escape’ the allegations. It all had the ‘makings of a good drama’, Mendy’s defence team said, but the ‘plot twist’ was that their client was innocent. Mendy’s defence, Elenor Laws KC, said the ‘regret’ following ‘quick, animalistic sex’ isn’t the same as rape. She claimed women have, over the last four decades, achieved sexual equality so women can have sex with people they do not know well. As she took the stand in court, one of the women accusing Mendy of rape broke down when asked by Laws why she didn’t just ‘leave’. The woman claimed: ‘He already told me I wouldn’t be able to get out at this point. I didn’t think I should make a scene because that’s when I realised…” In tears, she said: ‘I was in a room with someone that I don’t know and I wasn’t able to get out so I felt that was my only choice.’ She claims he then raped her before telling her: ‘It’s fine, I have had sex with 10,000 women.’ ‘It’s a privilege,’ he added. When Laws said it was unlikely Mendy had actually slept with 10,000 women, the alleged victim said: ‘I’m absolutely sure he did, it’s in high definition in my mind. ‘It’s the most traumatising thing that’s ever happened to me.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.