A baby boy has lived his entire life in hospital, only going home for one day at Christmas. Rowan-George Woodruff, one, was born with atresia, a condition which means he has no upper airway or windpipe. Doctors at Manchester Children’s Hospital built him an airway using part of his ribcage, and insist he needs 24/7 monitoring. But mum Ashleigh Bamber, 28, wants him home with his family, adding: ‘It’s made me feel like a very lonely person. ‘My body says you’ve had a baby and craves your child when you’re not with them.’ Ashleigh commutes five to six times a week from Preston to Manchester to see her son, and claims she was told he could return home if he was constantly supervised by one person. She says she spent £5,000 adapting her home but the hospital has refused to discharge him. Ashleigh claims doctors later told her he needs two people supervising him at all times. She said: ‘It’s absolutely heartbreaking – I’ve got all of his equipment here, all of his clothes and he’s not here. He’s my son and I just can’t have him. ‘I know he misses me because as soon as he sees me, he’s happy and gets all excited and can’t get to me quick enough. ‘I understand the hospital have done so much – they’ve saved his life and I appreciate everything they’ve done. ‘The hospital say, “We don’t want you to be left alone, he needs two people at all times”. ‘What they’re concerned about is if the tracheotomy is blocked or removed. ‘Then, he has no airway and there is a big possibility he could die. I’m very aware of that. ‘But we are more than prepared to sit and be with him all the time. I know you can’t just nip out and make a brew.’ The mum says the hospital will only fund one carer for 145 hours a week, leaving Rowan-George without one for 23 hours. But she can’t foot the remaining bill as she would have to be the second full-time carer. A hospital spokesperson said: ‘We aim to get all our patients back home as quickly as is safely possible and, with several family members now trained in Rowan-George’s care, everyone’s very pleased that he could enjoy Christmas at home. ‘We’ll continue to support Rowan-George and his family towards a successful discharge. ‘A fully-funded care package has been agreed for him by the NHS and recruitment is now taking place for his carers.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.