Jamie Lee Curtis, Ana de Armas, Quentin Tarantino and Billy Porter are among those set to present awards at this year’s Golden Globes 2023. The ceremony, hosted by Jerrod Carmichael, will be held on January 10 at the Beverly Hilton in LA. A string of famous faces, including Brendan Fraser, Daniel Craig and Margot Robbie, have been tipped to win big on the night. The presenters for the categories have now been confirmed – with some big names on the list. The Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced that Ana Gasteyer,  Colman Domingo, Jamie Lee Curtis, Michaela Jaé Rodriguez, Natasha Lyonne, Nicole Byer, Niecy Nash-Betts and Tracy Morgan will also be appearing on the stage beside Jamie, Quentin and co, ready to hand out trophies to their colleagues. It is set to be a good night for Eddie Murphy, after the Mulan actor was confirmed to be named as the recipient of the prestigious Cecil B DeMille Award. Elsewhere, Ryan Murphy will receive the Carol Burnett Award for his work on the small screen. The Banshees of Inisherin is leading the way with eight Golden Globe nominations, including best motion picture and best director for Martin McDonagh. Everything Everywhere All At Once scooped up six nominations in total, while Babylon and the Fabelmans nabbed five and Austin Butler’s Elvis got three. Elsewhere, Abbott Elementary is set to be the frontrunner for the TV awards, with five nominations for the sitcom – The Crown joined fellow Netflix series Dahmer with four nominations, beside Only Murders In The Building, Pam & Tommy and The White Lotus. The ceremony will be aired live on NBC and Peacock, with Jerrod in the hot seat after a subdued 2022 event. HFPA president Helen Hoehne confirmed the news in a statement, which read: ‘His comedic talents have entertained and thrilled audiences while providing thought-provoking moments that are so important in the times we live. ‘Jerrod is the special kind of talent this show calls for to kick off the awards season.’ Jesse Collins, Golden Globes executive producer, added: ‘Jerrod is a phenomenal talent with a fresh perspective and excellent comedic style. We’re all thrilled to have him host this year’s show.’ The Golden Globes will air live on NBC and Peacock on January 10 from 8pm ET. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is betraying Catherine and taking Ryan to see Tommy in prison in Happy Valley? All the theories MORE : Paul Mescal and Angelina Jolie seen grabbing coffee in London and we’re living for this friendship  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 