Back for the first time since 2019, Ice Rink Canary Wharf’s Curling Challenge is soon to recommence. The tournament, supported by The English Curling Association, will run from January 31 to February 2. Anyone can sign up across the capital to play in public matches. Up to 64 teams of three will battle it out over the three-day competition, with only eight of those teams progressing to the finals on February 2. Each session lasts 55 minutes including 10 minutes for practice, and game slots will take place throughout the day from 10am – 2pm, with curling equipment and shoe grips provided to all registered teams on the day of play. This means you don’t need to worry about forking out for equipment to play – you just need to pay a sign-up fee, which will vary depending on your team size. There are even prizes up for grabs too, such as a reserved area and complimentary bar tab at Off Piste Bar, with first place winning a £250 bar tab, and £125 and £75 tabs to the teams who place second and third. Lucie Moore, who works in art and events at Canary Wharf says: ‘We are looking forward to bringing teams from across London together for Canary Wharf’s Curling Challenge. ‘The three-day event is a fantastic way to get out of the office and down to Ice Rink at the start of the year and try something new, and we encourage all abilities and ages to get involved. ‘Whether you work on the Wharf or you’re visiting the area, there’s nowhere better than Ice Rink Canary Wharf to try your hand at curling and compete to be this year’s champions.’ If you just fancy a skate, Ice Rink Canary Wharf will be open every day until February 25. To register, players need to email marketing@icerinkcanarywharf.co.uk with a team and company name if applicable. Applications close on January 18. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Canary Wharf is becoming a property hotspot as people flock back to London MORE : The secrets of a celebrity Christmas decorator: From competing neighbours to extravagant £30,000 displays