Barcelona winger Raphinha has ruled out a move to Arsenal in the January transfer window, according to reports in Spain. The Gunners lost out in the race to sign their priority target Mykhailo Mudryk this month as Chelsea completed their €100 million (£88.6m) deal for the 21-year-old winger over the weekend. The Premier League leaders are still intent on strengthening in the transfer window and are now exploring alternatives after missing out on Mudryk. Arsenal had explored the possibility of signing Raphinha in the summer but the Brazil international was holding out for a move to Barcelona and eventually joined the La Liga club in a £55m deal last July. Raphinha is back on Arsenal’s radar after struggling to make an impact during his first few months at Barca and reports have claimed that the La Liga leaders would be open to a deal at €100m (£88.6m). However, Mundo Deportivo reports that Raphinha’s entourage have made it clear that the 26-year-old has no intention of moving clubs in January and wants to see out the season with Barcelona. Raphinha came on as a late substitute as Barcelona sealed a 3-1 victory over Real Madrid in the Spanish Super Cup on Sunday evening. In a post on Instagram after the game, the winger gave another indication to supporters that he is looking to finish the season with Barca. ‘The first of the season, the first with this giant shirt that is Barcelona. Just thank you for this amazing moment. Let’s go for more,’ Raphinha wrote on social media. Arsenal, meanwhile, have also been offered Brighton midfielder Leandro Trossard after his falling out with manager Roberto De Zerbi. It’s understood that Brighton have already rejected a £12 million bid from Tottenham for the Belgium international. MORE : Brighton set asking price for Arsenal and Tottenham to sign Leandro Trossard MORE : Arsenal legend David Seaman defends Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris after North London derby howler For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 