Davina McCall saw the funny side after she visited the infamous Karen restaurant in Manchester with hairdresser boyfriend Michael Douglas. The Masked Singer judge and the celebrity stylist, both 55, took a 520-mile round trip to see what all the fuss was about with a group of their friends. In clips uploaded to the star’s Instagram account, fans watched her vegetarian friend get a grilling from staff members and also heard one waitress call the TV personality a ‘stupid b****’. Playing off the viral social media meme, Karen’s Diner is a concept chain that employs staff members who intentionally insult and upset customers throughout their dining experience. Davina pulled her phone out as soon as she arrived and captured the hilarious moment restaurant workers slammed her friend Harriett for being a vegetarian. Instigating a chorus of boos from others around her, the waitress piled in on the innocent veggie diner: ‘Oh for f**k’s sake. Who’s the vegetarian? Step forward.’ After taking their seats at the table, each member of the star’s party was given a paper hat to wear with insults scrawled in marker across the front on them. The mother-of-three put on the bonnet that read ‘Milf’ while her other pal donned the label ‘virgin’. In another snapshot of the evening, the host was sworn at for asking if the restaurant had a Coke Zero: ‘You’ve literally got a menu on the table haven’t you, you stupid b***h.’ Uploading the mini-vlog as an Instagram reel, the famous face penned the caption: ‘We made a pilgrimage from Tunbridge wells to Manchester and back in a day to go to the almighty @karensdinerofficial. ‘Amber took terrible care of us, she was totally hilarious. ‘Our greeting by front of house was brilliant. It was so so so funny. ‘Tag line to Karen’s diner is great food terrible service … it HAS to be experienced… highlights include Harriet getting her veggie burger with a flag on a cocktail stick in it .. and it said wanker, it was worth the journey [sic].’ The star and celebrity judge recently faced internet trolls after she appeared on the new series of The Masked Singer with a surprising hair-do that divided fans. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Davina McCall reveals the three Big Brother stars she’s still in touch with MORE : Davina McCall calls on Ant and Dec to join The Masked Singer judging panel 