The Apprentice’s Lord Alan Sugar is not known for mincing his words, and now the businessman has taken aim at Gordon Ramsay, accusing the chef of ‘ripping off’ his series. The tycoon, 75, has fronted the game show since 2005, helping countless business get off the ground after the winner makes it to the end and secures an investment. While it’s inspired other TV series like Tycoon and Beat the Boss, Lord Sugar doesn’t seem to be pleased with Gordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars, which he says is very similar to his own. ‘I think broadcasters, Channel 4, Channel 5, and ITV have tried for many years at least for 17 years to try and replicate the elimination process of The Apprentice. I say this with great respect to them but they’ve failed,’ he told Mail Online. ‘Last year, Gordon Ramsay had some cockamamie idea… I like Gordon and I think he’s very good and should stick to what he should do, cooking and all that stuff. ‘He had some thing, which was like, I don’t know how the lawyers allowed it because it was a virtual rip-off of The Apprentice. No disrespect to Gordon but stick to your day job mate that’s all I would say.’ Last year Ramsay, 56, launched the first season of his show, which sees 12 entrepreneurs compete for a £150,000 investment of his own money to start a food business. It was quickly dubbed ‘The Apprentice of Food’. The second season is also set to air later this year. But before then, the 17th season of The Apprentice starts tonight, with 18 candidates in the mix for the £250,000 investment and a coveted business partnership with Lord Sugar. Their first task will be to head to the Caribbean Island of Antigua, where they’ll be creating and selling excursions to tourists. Back in the UK, a series of challenges await them, including creating cartoons, hosting immersive events, entering the world of male beauty products and getting to grips with the street food industry. Metro.co.uk has contacted Gordon Ramsay for comment. The Apprentice airs Thursdays at 9pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lord Alan Sugar addresses older candidates being cast on The Apprentice as young slate of budding entrepreneurs are compared to Love Island stars MORE : Ready for bolshy candidates, eye-rolling squabbles and absurd affirmations of greatness? The Apprentice is back with a bang for 2023 series 