The Full Moon in Cancer, the sign of nurturing and comfort, will shine a bright light on neglected areas that need some TLC. For most signs, this would be the realm of self-care. They’re advised to take a step back from their growing to-do lists to give themselves the rest they really need. But for others, such as Libra and Pisces, this could be the time to step into the spotlight and make progress on their goals. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 6, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Finding a way to balance your personal interests with your career, ambitions and goals can be crucial. And it may be today’s Full Moon that persuades you how important this is. If you’ve been spending too much time on your job, business or other plans, then events might encourage change. Time to recharge and to relish a little self-care could be essential to wellbeing, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may have a plan on the go and be keen to take it further, whether this relates to a course of study or an opportunity. Today’s Full Moon encourages you to consider a more exciting option that might shine even brighter and put other ideas in the shade. If your instincts are urging you to try this instead, then consider giving it a go Taurus, as it could lead to bigger and better things. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Sweet Venus shimmering in humanitarian Aquarius can see you keen to do something for others and put a smile on their faces. What might be more difficult is giving back to yourself though. A powerful lunar phase today encourages you to give it a go. If you’ve bent over backwards for everyone else, how about treating yourself to something you’ve wanted for a long time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Social events and various commitments could keep you busy over coming days, Cancer. Don’t feel that you need to say yes to every request that comes your way, as you may end up with more than you can handle. Today’s Full Moon, in your sign, might be a call to look to your needs if you’ve neglected them over recent weeks. Take a little time out to unwind and your vitality will return. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may find you’re more emotional than usual over the next day or so. If so, reduce your schedule and cut it back to a more doable size. While it can seem that you are busier than ever, a closer look at your to-do list might enable you to delegate, or cross off any unnecessary tasks. If you focus on doing fewer things well Leo, then the pressure on you could be so much less. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Your latest plans can keep your mind preoccupied. Indeed, you might even be ready to make a start on them as early as possible, such as right now. Before you do Virgo, today’s Sun/Moon opposition encourages you to enjoy a walk in nature to help you unwind. Go along with a friend or your partner, and it will be even more enjoyable. Time out is crucial for your wellbeing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If you’ve been working hard on a goal or career plan, today’s lively Full Moon in a prominent sector could see you reaching a milestone or even accomplishing all you’d set out to do. This is a time of achievement, and you can be rightly proud of yourself, Libra. If you’re still in the early stages, the coming days might see you making a burst of progress that feels so very positive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A sassy Full Moon, in your sector of far horizons, could see you taking a step forward that may require courage. While the Moon can shine a light on the positives, it might also accentuate the pitfalls too, skewing your perspective. And yet with restless Uranus in the picture, you’ll also get support from your partner, or someone close who believes in you and is urging you forward. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Potent energies in your sector of transformation, can make this one of the better times to let go of a situation or relationship that may have been holding you back. With feelings intensifying, it might be a case of enough is enough. With this realisation, it could be much easier to drop whatever is bothering you. And, once you do, you’ll feel much happier and ready for something new. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Today’s lunation lights up your sector of relating, and may see you either getting along with a close one or feeling frustrated by them. It could even be a bit of both. Steer clear of making any snap decisions though, as you might regret them in a few days. Others can be extra sensitive, so be sparing with the truth if it will upset someone. A gentle approach may be best. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Today’s Full Moon, in your wellness sector, can mean you’re faced with temptation if going to a party or for a meal out. If you’ve made a new year resolution to eat healthier, you might override it and decide to enjoy yourself. This lunar phase could coincide with a desire for comfort food. If you’re feeling vulnerable, then a touch of indulgence may help you navigate through the day. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may be at your seductive best, as the Full Moon in your romance sector can see you happily liaising with a love interest or making a play for a more committed bond. Want to turn over a new leaf and enjoy the single life? This lunar phase could be an invitation to do so. And with the pearly Moon also highlighting your creative talents, why not dare to show off a little, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 1 to January 7 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2022