Following the blockbuster successes of The Tinder Swindler and Tiger King, Netflix has dropped the first trailer for its next true crime obsession. Gunther’s Millions is about a dog named Gunther who inherited $400million (£328m) – yes, you read that right – after his owner, a countess, died and left him every single penny she had. But while the German Shephard was enjoying the high life, there was a dark and twisted secret concealed by the luxury, labelled by some as a cult. The trailer begins with a voiceover explaining Gunther’s inexplicable wealth: ‘What would you think if I told you a story about a very wealthy countess? When she died she gave everything to her dog, Gunther.’ The spoilt pooch is then seen frolicking around the manicured gardens of a super mansion, chowing down on a prime cut of steak and flying in a private jet. ‘You’re talking about a dog that’s worth $400million. It’s a true story I work for the dog,’ an employee reveals. Among Gunther’s unbelievable assets are several properties in Italy and a yacht, while the canine boasts a staff of 27, the trailer adds. The clip then introduces viewers to Maurizio Mian, who oversees care of the canine, insisting Gunther ‘must live the best life possible’ – including buying Madonna’s mansion and starting a supergroup. A commentator explains young ‘fantastic looking’ people came and lived with the dog, with one of Gunther’s former housemates confessing it ‘got a bit twisted.’ The clip reveals Gunther’s ‘lifestyle’ had 13 strict commandments with the housemate saying they were ‘watched 24/7’, while another added they were encouraged to have sex. When the programme-makers ask one of Gunther’s former crew if it was like a ‘cult’, they become embarrassed, laugh, and remark: ‘Not at all,’ before becoming flustered. The trailer throws into question what or who was actually behind the dog’s excessive wealth, with commentators asking: ‘Was the countess real?’ and ‘Where did the money come from?’ A slide states Gunther’s bank balance may not be what it seems, with it actually being a ‘tale of deception.’ ‘I just knew it was fake,’ one of the dog’s former posse members admits, while others reveal they were ‘lab rats’ and ‘brainwashed.’ ‘We were creating a new breed of man,’ a commenter explains, while a squirming Mian walks off, telling viewers: ‘We’re going into a difficult subject.’ ‘I don’t think it’s the moment to tell this now. I don’t think’ he continues before the trailer ends with Mian confessing: ‘The dogs were cloned.’ Gunther’s Millions comes to Netflix on February, 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The reason why Netflix keeps cancelling shows like 1899 despite viewer backlash MORE : Pamela Anderson says she ‘feels sick’ as she breaks silence on Pam & Tommy in trailer for Netflix documentary  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 