A driver has been fined £100 and given three points for moving out of the way for an ambulance. Frank Wallington, 76, from Walsall, was driving back from a family member’s funeral when he pulled over on the side of a busy A-road to let the emergency vehicle pass. However, as he pulled over at the busy junction on the A52 Grantham Road he passed through red traffic lights, prompting a fine from Nottinghamshire Police. Frank said: ‘I am an advanced driver and I have always had a completely clean license. ‘I can’t deny that I was 1.2 seconds late going through the traffic lights, but my point is that it was mitigating circumstances. ‘If I had carried on I would have blocked the ambulance’s procedure through those traffic lights as the road went into a single lane shortly afterwards.’ The pensioner said he had made a ‘split second decision’ and was hardly paying attention to the lights as he was focused on the emergency services. Despite explaining the situation, Frank has been told he must appear at Nottingham Magistrate’s Court on Valentine’s day. He added: ‘They are not listening. It’s going to be expensive to drive over there in fuel alone, to have a day in court just to say exactly what I would say in a letter and what I have already said to them.’ After being told of the situation, Hugh Bladon, a spokesperson for the Alliance of British Drivers, said: ‘If somebody gets out of the way of an ambulance and then gets fined, I think that is absolutely reprehensible and I don’t agree with it whatsoever. ‘If someone drives through a red traffic light then they deserved to be fined, but if they are doing that because they are getting out of the way of an ambulance then that was fair dues. The chap was doing the right thing. ‘What is more important, to grab a bit of money from a motorist or to delay someone who may be needing precious help somewhere. ‘Therefore it’s absolutely quite right for this chap to get out of the way, and that’s what we should all do.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Nottinghamshire Police for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.