A firefighter has died following a huge blaze at the former Jenners building in Edinburgh. Police and fire crews rushed to the scene on January 23 following reports of a fire at the historic Rose Street premises. One firefighter was taken to the Royal Infirmary hospital by ambulance, where he died on January 27. He has now been named as 38-year-old Barry Martin. Interim Chief Officer Ross Haggart, of Scotland’s Fire and Rescue Service, said: ‘Barry, who was being treated at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary, had been in a critical condition since Monday’s fire. ‘I speak for the entire Service when I say that we are all devastated by the loss of Barry and our thoughts remain with his family, friends and colleagues at this deeply distressing time. ‘Both Barry’s family and the Service have been overwhelmed with the messages of support we have received and we thank everyone for the time they have taken to share these.’ Mr Martin is the first Scottish firefighter to die while on duty since Ewan Williamson, who died after being injured at the Balmoral Bar in Edinburgh in 2009. Nicola Sturgeon has described the death of an Edinburgh firefighter in the line of duty as a ‘terrible tragedy’. The Scottish First Minister tweeted on news of Barry Martin’s death: ‘This is dreadfully sad news. ‘My deepest condolences go to Barry’s family, friends and colleagues. ‘This is a terrible tragedy for all who loved him – but also a reminder of the selfless courage our firefighters demonstrate in the line of duty each and every day.’ Four other firefighters who were also taken to hospital for treatment following the Jenners fire. A police officer was also treated for smoke inhalation. Superintendent David Robertson, of Police Scotland’s Edinburgh Division, said: ‘Our thoughts are with the family, friends and colleagues of Barry at this very difficult time. ‘Our enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances.’ Eleven fire engines had been deployed to the former Jenners store after reports of a fire were raised on January 23. Crews arrived to find the former store, hailed as an ‘icon’ of the city, ‘well alight’ with eyewitnesses describing how smoke was billowing out of the basement. Interim chief officer of the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service, Ross Haggart, described the incident as ‘very serious and complex’ in an update. Founded in 1838, Jenners was one of the oldest department stores in the world until its closure after 183 years in 2021. Plans were approved in June last year to transform the landmark site, in the capital’s famous Princes Street, into a luxury hotel, according to Edinburgh Live. Key aspects of the building, including the central atrium and outside signage, were expected to stay during significant works to turn the upper floors into a boutique 96-bedroom hotel. The current building was designed by architect William Hamilton Beattie and opened in 1895, three years after the original structure was destroyed by a fire in 1892. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.