Love Island 2022 star Jacques O’Neill may not have found love during his time on the reality dating series, but it appears a 2023 contestant has caught his eye. Jacques, 23, was coupled up with Paige Thorne in the villa, but quit the show early and promised to wait for her on the outside, but the Welsh paramedic soon moved on to returning bombshell Adam Collard. During Wednesday’s episode, Anna-May Robey and Haris Namani were dumped from Love Island by Australian newcomers Jessie Wynter and Aaron Waters – but, there could be romance waiting on the outside for Anna-May. Commenting on a Love Island clip of Haris and Anna-May saying their goodbyes, Jacques penned: ‘I’ll make sure @annamayrobey is okay’. Viewers were quick to notice, with one writing: ‘You really like Welsh birds huh’, while another penned: ‘hahahaha YES a good match I’d say’. Could sparks start flying between the two former Love Islanders? While on the show, Anna-May was originally coupled up with Haris Namani before choosing Kai Fagan who was more interested in Tanyel Revan, leaving the 20-year-old payroll administrator still looking for love. Following their exit, Anna-May hailed her Love Island journey the ‘experience of a lifetime’. She elsewhere said: ‘I had such an incredible time, I’ve made really good memories and friends that will last a lifetime. ‘It’s definitely something I would do again, I have no regrets because I’ve had the best ten days of my life! It’s an experience that not many people get so you can’t take that for granted, I’m really grateful.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Haris Namani breaks silence over street fight video after being dumped from villa MORE : Love Island bombshells Ellie Spence and Spencer Wilks ready to ruffle feathers amid shock recoupling twist 