Jessie J was all smiles as she showed off her blossoming baby bump when stepping out for the first time since announcing her pregnancy. The 34-year-old announced the happy news earlier this week, just 13 months after she had revealed to fans she had heartbreakingly suffered a miscarriage. Do It Like a Dude hitmaker Jessie looked full of glee as she took a trip to a salon in Los Angeles, sporting a white crop top and black leggings with her bump proudly peeping out. She teamed her casual look with an oversized camel coat as she looked relaxed after her treatment, shielding her eyes from the winter sun with a pair of black sunglasses. She entered the salon with her black hair swept back into a bun, leaving with her freshly styled tresses resting over her shoulders. Daily Mail reports that she told photographers ‘I’m so happy, and I’m so grateful for everyone’s love,’ when asked about the response to her announcement. ‘It is quite the overwhelming feeling today. I’m just gonna soak it all up,’ she continued. Jessie – who is believed to be in a relationship with basketball player Chanan Safir Colman – announced her pregnancy on Friday, sharing a video montage of her journey into motherhood so far. The video started with a clip of a positive pregnancy test, before fans were shown an early sonogram followed by a number of photos and videos of the Price Tag singer cradling her bump. She captioned the post: ‘I am so happy and terrified to finally share this… Please be gentle with me. ‘Honestly, ya girl just wants to ugly cry in public in a catsuit eating a chocolate covered pickle with no questions asked.’ The announcement was sweetly soundtracked by Jessie’s own song, Sunflower. Jessie later returned to social media to thank fans for their well-wishes following her announcement, saying she was unable to sleep ‘thinking about today and the overwhelming amount of love and support I am feeling.’ She admitted she could help ‘but think about all the women and men still struggling with loss and infertility’ after ‘being told I would never get pregnant to pregnancy loss to then being pregnant and how quickly it is all happening.’ She continued: ‘The anxiety in the beginning was overwhelming and I felt like I had my eyes closed just hoping it all would continue to go well, which in moments I still very much have, whilst allowing myself to feel the joy and celebration of this experience. ‘I don’t take a second of this for granted and continue to pray for a safe landing of this magical baby everyday. I know I have been blessed with the biggest gift I will ever receive and I pray more than anything you get yours. However that looks,’ she finished. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Heavily pregnant Molly-Mae Hague refuses to let bump cramp her style as she coordinates chic outfit with £193,000 ‘mom car’ MORE : Love Is Blind star Jessica Batten pregnant with first child months after marrying husband Ben McGrath 