Riley Keough has shared a stunning throwback with mom Lisa Marie Presley following her death at the age of 54. The musician, daughter of Elvis Presley, died on January 12, hours after suffering a ‘cardiac arrest’. Ahead of a public memorial on Sunday, Keough spoke for the first time since her loss, posing a childhood snap on Instagram. In the black-and-white upload, she could be seen gazing lovingly up at her late mom while holding a huge bouquet of flowers. The 33-year-old simply captioned the post with a red love heart, as fans flooded the comments below with support. Garbage musician Shirley Manson led the comments, penning: ‘Here I am a complete stranger , sending you sincere condolences in public. I loved your mother. She was wonderful. ‘I am utterly broken hearted I was unable to fly out to pay my respects in person. Love love love to you all. Sincerely Shirley Manson.’ ‘She’ll live on forever. Sending lots of love to you and your family,’ a follower posted. ‘A beautiful photograph of you and your mom,’ another agreed. ‘Thank you so much for sharing Riley xx So sorry for your loss. Sending love and prayers to you and your family.’ An Instagram user said: ‘I hope you can feel the outpouring of love and prayers from folks all around the world. I can’t imagine what you’re going through. Love and light..’ ‘I’m so deeply sorry for your loss. May all of the wonderful memories of your mama help you through these difficult times,’ one added. Presley shared the actress and late son Benjamin with former husband Danny Keough, who she married in 1988. It wasn’t to last and the former couple divorced in 1994. Despite the split, they remained close friends and Keough went on to serve as best man at Presley’s fourth wedding, to Michael Lockwood – who she welcomed twin girls Harper and Finley with in 2008. She died earlier this month, with devastated mother Priscilla sharing the news in a statement, paying tribute to her ‘passionate’ daughter. ‘It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us,’ it read. ‘She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known.’ A memorial service for the late star will take place on January 22 on the front lawn of her father’s sprawling Graceland estate in Memphis, Tennessee. ‘Riley, Harper, Finley, and Priscilla Presley are grateful for the support, well-wishes, and outpouring of love honouring their beloved Lisa Marie,’ a note on the Graceland website read. ‘A public memorial service for Lisa Marie Presley has been arranged for Sunday, January 22 at 9:00 am on the front lawn at Graceland Mansion in Memphis, Tennessee.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sombre Hilaria Baldwin picks up children in New York after Alec Baldwin’s involuntary manslaughter charge for Rust shooting MORE : Ring of Honor legend Jay Briscoe’s daughters face long recovery as fundraiser hits $185,000 after fatal car crash  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 