At least five people were killed when Russian missiles destroyed part of a nine-storey apartment block in the city of Dnipro. Dozens of others, including six children, were also wounded in the attack, with more feared to be buried beneath the rubble. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky blamed ‘Russian terror’ for what he called ‘evil’ attacks. Posting drone footage of the smouldering wreckage of the building, he wrote: ‘Eternal memory to all whose lives were taken by [Russian] terror. The world must stop evil.’ He added: ‘We’re fighting for every person, every life. We’ll find everyone involved in terror. Everyone will bear responsibility.’ Pictures showed firefighters putting out a blaze around the carcasses of some cars. A broad chunk of the apartment block was missing. The exterior of the rest of the building was badly damaged. Wounded people were carried away on stretchers in footage circulated by Ukrainian public broadcaster Suspilne. Russia, which invaded Ukraine last February, has been pounding its energy infrastructure with missiles and drones since October, causing sweeping blackouts and disruptions to central heating and running water as winter bites. Missiles on Saturday also struck critical infrastructure facilities in the eastern region of Kharkiv that borders Russia and the western region of Lviv that borders Poland, officials said. The entire Kharkiv region lost power after officials were forced to order emergency power cuts. In Lviv, disruptions to electricity and water supplies were also possible, regional governor Maxim Kozytsky said.‘Thanks to efficient air defence work in Kyiv, damage to critical infrastructure objects was avoided,’ Serhiy Popko, head of the city military administration, said. Saturday’s strikes came as Ukrainian and Russian forces battled for control of Soledar, a small salt-mining town in eastern Ukraine that for days has been the focus of a relentless Russian assault. Russia said on Friday that its forces had taken control of the town, in what would be a rare success for Moscow after months of battlefield setbacks, but Kyiv said its troops were still fighting there. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.