Love Island fans were fully there for Shaq Muhammad ‘getting real’ with Ron Hall over his indecisiveness with Ellie Spence and Lana Jenkins. The financial advisor has been open about his feelings for Lana, having shared many tender moments, including a ‘proper’ kiss last week, after which he told her: ‘you’re the whole picture.’ However, it’s fair to say the 25-year-old’s haven’t been in the most secure place with their relationship, with the Essex lad’s head swiveling all over the place. First, it was Zara Lackenby-Brown who grabbed his attention, but now Ron seems to have set his sites on bombshell Ellie, from Norwich. Or has he? In Friday’s instalment of the juggernaut series, Ron sat down with Ellie for a chat, implying that he was open to exploring a partnership. Speaking about Lana, he said: ‘She’s not my girlfriend, you can’t just wife sort of wife yourself off.’ ‘Yes, I’ve made her aware of the situation,’ he continued, when Ellie asked if Lana knew the score. ‘I know it’s going to be hard for her. ‘But I’m going to speak to you, I’m going to tread carefully but at the same time, I’ve gotta do me and I’ve gotta be selfish and do what I want to do and that is, get to know people who I find attractive and click with – and see how far that goes.’ However, Ron also spoke to Lana and downplayed his interest Ellie, explaining: ‘I don’t think she has a chance of swaying me. I think I’m gonna do something mad and “dead it” tonight. ‘I just want to, I feel like we are too good. When I spend time with you there’s no way she’s ever going to touch this.’ Noting his indecisiveness, Shaq got frank with Ron and told him he didn’t agree with what he was saying, adding that he keeps making ‘total 360s.’ Love Island viewers have also called out Ron for ‘flip flopping’ over the two beauties, with many praising Shaq for ‘calling him out.’ One wrote: ‘Love how Shaq told Ron how it was. Fully admire that.’ ‘Love Shaq parenting Ron over the Lana and Ellie situation,’ a viewer remarked, while another added: ‘This is how men should talk to their mates!!! Shaq talking the straight truth putting Ron in his place.’ A fourth penned: ‘Proper rate Shaq for telling Ron how it is and what he’s been saying etc is very contradictory.’ We’re struggling to keep track, what about you? Will Ron make a decision over Lana and Ellie or will another Islander turn his head? Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Tasha Ghouri appears to slam co-stars over podcast remarks MORE : Love Island star Haris Namani ‘faces police assault quiz’ after video of street fight 