This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. From cleansers to exfoliants to lotions, there is a vast array of products out there that promise to clear acne. Some products include well-known ingredients such as benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid and other names that you have to Google. But, now there’s a new super-power ingredient that is a must-try. Science has shown that CBD is able to help treat acne by targeting the causes – bacteria and inflammation. When the pores of your skin get blocked, acne occurs, forming spots that can be painful, inflamed and it can really put a dent in your confidence. Your pores can become blocked due to a build-up of dead skin cells, bacteria or oil. Traditional spot-fighting products target acne-causing bacteria, removing dead skin cells, drying out and reducing inflammation in already formed pimples and preventing pores from blocking. A recent study showed that CBD blocked oil production in the skin cells reduced-inflammation. While other research has shown that CBD can help kill bacteria that cause spots. As CBD has gained traction for a wealth of health benefits in recent years, lots of studies have been carried out to discover its powers. Another of which is that it showed incredible results when used regularly over several months. It was great in not only hydrating skin and improving elasticity but also scarring. Kloris’s award-winning CBD Superboost Face Oil has been a huge hit with its users. It’s an all-natural product with Kloris Premium CBD (2%), Hemp Seed Oil, Squalane and Cucumber Seed Oil. It’s super-nourishing and packed with vitamins and fatty acids to hydrate and restore the skin while also boosting cell regeneration. Its ingredients An ultra-nourishing skincare oil, it is supercharged with pure CBD, powerful phytonutrients, antioxidants and botanical oils to boost luminosity, fortify the skin barrier, improve skin tone and protect against free radical damage and cell degeneration. The CBD itself is a powerful antioxidant and anti-inflammatory ingredient that works with the body’s inbuilt endocannabinoid system to heal, calm and reduce inflammation in the skin, as well as protect from free radical damage, boost brightness, tone and texture. After using the Kloris CBD Superboost Face Oil, 85% of people said their skin felt smoother and softer. It’s really easy to use too. All you have to do is put a few drops on to your face and rub in before applying your regular moisturiser. Or you can mix it with your moisturiser. You can get 10% discount on Kloris CBD Superboost Face Oil if you use the code: CLEARSKIN10 MORE : Woman who hadn’t had an orgasm for seven years swears by this sex toy: ‘This toy is worth every single penny!’