Actor Wally Campo, best known for starring and narrating the original Little Shop of Horrors, has died aged 99. His son Tony Campodonico told The Hollywood Reporter that Campo died of natural causes in Studio City on January 14. Born Wallace Joseph Campodonico on April 23, 1923, in Stockton, California, he served during World War II. One of the late star’s best known gigs was a dual role in the 1960s comedy film The Little Shop Of Horrors as Sergeant Joe Fink, which was later adapted into a popular musical. Campo, who died just three months before his 100th birthday, was born in Stockton, California in April 1923 and christened Wallace Joseph Campodonico. In the 1950s and 1960s he acted in a series of pictures by the ‘Pope Of Pop Cinema’ Roger Corman, a pioneering indie filmmaker. During that time he went to Los Angeles and met his future wife and actress Geraldine Matthews, whom he worked with onstage. Campo’s association with Corman began with the 1958 film Machine-Gun Kelly, with Charles Brunson as the lead. Campo also worked with the legendary pulp director Sam Fuller in Shock Corridor, a 1963 psychological thriller set in a mental hospital. In 1969 Campo made his own directorial debut with Mark Of The Gun working with cinematographer László Kovács, who that year also lent his talents to Easy Rider. He is survived by his son Tom, his daughter-in-law, Cheryl, and grandchildren Laurena and Jade. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Milf Manor: What is the shocking series all about and can you watch it in the UK? MORE : The Sopranos star John Ventimiglia’s daughter Odele dies aged 25 months after giving birth to baby girl  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.