This year’s Dancing On Ice celebs are ready to get their skates on as the upcoming series makes its debut in less than two weeks. Olympic legends Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean will be taking their rightful place as head judges on the ice panel, alongside former Strictly Come Dancing pro Oti Mabuse and Diversity frontman Ashley Banjo. While This Morning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield will be fronting the series for another year. Towards the end of 2022, 11 celebrities were confirmed for the 2023 edition and have been putting in the hours over the last three months. And now it’s time to swap their sweats for sequins. In the official first look, Love Island winner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Ru Paul’s Drag Race UK star The Vivienne look picture perfect, with the TV personality rocking a silver dress, while the Welsh drag queen posed alongside pro Colin Grafton. The Wanted singer Siva Kaneswaran – who was the last star confirmed for the line-up – was all smiles alongside his skating partner Klabera Komini. Others who will be taking to the rink include West End star Carley Stenson, actress Patsy Palmer,Olympian Nile Wilson and former footballer John Fashanu. Towie star Joey Essex, comedian Darren Harriot, and Liberty X singer Michelle Heaton complete the line-up for 2023. Also taking part as a professional dancer will be newcomer Olivia Smart, the Olympic skater who was announced back in October after representing Spain at the 2022 Winter Olympics. Elsewhere, bookmakers have already carved out their favourites, with Ekin-Su taking the lead, at the moment. William Hill Spokesperson, Lee Phelps, said: ‘She often found herself on thin ice in the early stages of Love Island, and in the coming weeks we’ll be able to see Ekin-Su put on some skates to navigate similar circumstances. ‘We are 3/1 for the TV reality star to win her second successive show when Dancing on Ice commences next weekend, making her the outright favourite to win the hearts of the British public once again. ‘Also keep an eye on Nile Watson (7/2) and Joey Essex (4/1), who have also been backed to glide to glory in the 15th edition of the much-loved show.’ Dancing On Ice returns on Sunday January 16 at 6:30pm on ITV and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield make a dazzling return to the rink in new Dancing on Ice 2023 snaps MORE : Dancing on Ice 2023 start date confirmed by ITV – and there’s not long left to wait 