It’s already time for another conundrum after the dilemma we tackled last week. A woman in her early 20s has written to us to say that she’s involved with an older man who says he’s divorced but doesn’t want to take their relationship further. While she wants more closeness and commitment, she says he’s just happy to take her out for expensive meals and then back to a hotel room to have sex. Is there a solution to this issue? Let’s see what our expert says. I’ve always liked older men – I find guys my age too ‘laddish’. I like being spoilt by successful men who drive nice cars and take me to fancy restaurants. So, when I recently met a guy in his late 30s, it was no big deal that there was 15 years between us. We met in a bar, then he took me to a smart hotel. No sooner had we got in the room than he produced a sex toy and we had the best sex ever. We’ve met several times since and had mind-blowing sex. My problem is this. He has never taken me home or wanted to come back to my place, even though I’ve suggested it. When I invited him to meet my parents over Christmas, he said he was going skiing with friends. He’s divorced but has no children and I’m fine with that. What I don’t like is that our relationship is confined to rushed dates in town, followed by amazing sex in hotels. I’m afraid that if I push for more, I’ll end up losing him. I can’t help wondering exactly what you would be losing, other than a guy who buys you nice meals and gives you great sex. I’m fairly sure you could find that kind of meaningless connection with plenty of other men. What is missing is any sort of commitment to a real relationship – one where you meet each other’s friends and families, spend time at one another’s places and do everyday stuff. It sounds like you’re putting off tackling him because you’re afraid of the truth – that he’s probably married (poor wife) and maybe even has kids. The night you met, he clearly went out with sex in mind. What guy carries a handy sex toy in his pocket? You fitted the bill perfectly, offering what he sees as a no-strings relationship where he can fulfil all his fantasies. It’s time to grasp the nettle. Next time you meet, ask what he sees as the future of the relationship. Come straight out and ask if he’s married. If he says he’s single and wants to be with you long-term, insist he plays a more active role in your life. If it’s obvious all he wants is sex, be strong and tell him to take a hike. Leave your own advice in the comments section below and we will publish a selection of the best reader words of wisdom. Laura Collins is a counsellor and columnist Send your dilemmas to laura.collins@metro.co.uk Got a sex and dating dilemma? To get expert advice, send your problem to Laura.Collins@metro.co.uk For more sex and relationships content join Jackie Adedeji and Miranda Kane for our weekly sex positive podcast: Smut Drop. It’s a whole new world of sexpertise where no topic is off limits. MORE : Sex, lies and heartbreak: Secrets of a divorce coach MORE : Men and women reveal how likely they are to have sex on the first date – and why