Rita Ora enjoyed a wild night in London nightclub Heaven after finally confirming her marriage to Taika Waititi days before. The 32-year-old singer was pictured joking around backstage with Gogglebox star Joe Baggs, who appeared to get down on one knee and propose to her. Masked Singer judge Rita playfully feigned shock by clasping her hands to her chest, before pointing at her wedding ring finger to explain she was already taken. And don’t we know it, as the Let Me Love You hitmaker has only just confirmed she is a married woman after tying the knot with 47-year-old filmmaker Taika in a secret ceremony last year. During an interview with Heart Breakfast on January 27, Rita said: ‘I am officially off the market people. I chose to keep it more private and keep it to myself more but with my new video I am playing on what could have been. ‘When the rumours came out is she, isn’t she? I wanted to play on it. I wanted to do a wedding that didn’t go to plan… that’s not to say that is actually what happened.’ Contrary to the disastrous wedding day depicted in the music video for Rita’s new single You Only Love Me, the singer said her real big day was a ‘perfect’ private affair. ‘Sorry it’s not that interesting. One day I will throw a big party,’ she added. Rita began dating the JoJo Rabbit director after moving to Australia in 2021 to work as a coach on the local version of The Voice. The singer performed You Only Love Me alongside her greatest hits to the appreciative Heaven crowd, as she donned a see-through pink latex dress, star-shaped nipple protectors and some killer heels. Rita completed the bold look with stacks of chunky rings, which perfectly complemented the gothic rose tattoo that’s etched onto the star’s right hand. After confirming her and the Thor director’s union, Rita told The One Show she was ‘in a really good place right now, feeling really happy and good and I think that this song is really cool and I love it’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is Rita Ora’s new husband Taika Waititi? Everything you need to know about his age, career and where he’s from MORE : Rita Ora confesses she’s ‘actually exhausted’ after ‘big day’ confirming marriage to Taika Waititi 