It’s time to say goodbye to Hollyoaks’ Shaq Qureshi (Omar Malik), who has decided to leave the village. Shaq, as viewers know, has been struggling to come to terms with the death of his beloved Verity Hutchinson (Eva O’Hara), who died last month when a bookcase was pushed on top of her at the law office. Bobby Costello (Jayden Fox) was the culprit, deciding to take action against Verity, who he knew was investigating him at the time and thus he became determined to silence her. The child’s role in her death remains a secret, but nonetheless Shaq has struggled to get his head around the fact that Verity is truly gone, something which was more apparent than ever when he found out that she had been planning a trip to Paris for them both before her death. The tickets for said trip arrived earlier this week, and Tom Cunningham (Ellis Hollins) was insistent that he go on the trip, saying that it’s what Verity would’ve wanted. Shaq had his doubts, however, and it soon became apparent that there was something on his mind, which Misbah Maalik (Harvey Virdi) was determined to find out about. In emotional scenes, the mother and son duo discussed the future, with Shaq telling Misbah that he’s struggling to be in the village given what’s happened to Verity. His honest words led Misbah to realise that, in order to thrive, Shaq must leave the village and go on a new adventure, news which Shaq later relayed to Tom and Yazz (Haiesha Mistry) himself. ‘I’m going to get my act together’, he said. ‘I’m going to get on that train to France and I’m not going to come back.’ We’re not ready to say goodbye! Hollyoaks continues Monday January 23 at 7pm on E4, or stream the next episode from midnight on Monday on All4. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : Hollyoaks spoilers: Lucas Hay, Ste’s son, recast with Oscar Curtis as huge new issue-led storyline is revealed MORE : Hollyoaks spoilers: 11 pictures reveal major court twist and huge murder confession