Readers react to a letter from a younger Metro contributor who suggested his generation would not be voting because of the government’s stance over the latest series of strikes. Tobi from Essex said he was ‘truly baffled’ by the Conservative Party’s latest action regarding industrial action and that no-one is providing a solution. Other readers, however, are in unison when they urge Tobi and his peers to use their vote, with one suggesting their lack of involvement in the democratic process be discarded by politicians as ‘voter apathy’ and they’d be ignored. Other topics moving Metro readers to write in include Harry and his attendance (or not) at his father’s coronation and the closure of train ticket offices in favour of using tech, plus someone has their say on bad behaviour on flights following our feature this week. ■ Tobi (MetroTalk, Mon) is ‘truly baffled’ by the government’s actions regarding strikes and Brexit and says this is why many young people like him won’t vote. I say to him that if you and others your age want even a chance of things getting better, then vote. Incompetent governments benefit when people are too apathetic to care because there are fewer people holding them to account. Young people also vote in lower numbers than other age groups, so not surprisingly governments listen to their concerns least. Of course, nothing is guaranteed if you do vote and any improvements made will still be slow. However, I can guarantee that things will not improve for young people if they don’t vote. Ed, Portsmouth ■ I would say to Tobi and any other person who is planning on not voting that you are playing into the hands of politicians who will write off your concerns as ‘voter apathy’. If you cannot bring yourself to vote for any party, you should spoil your paper by writing ‘None of the above’. Unlike non-voting, spoiled papers have to be counted and should be declared when the result is announced. If a large number do the same as you, it would send a powerful message to politicians that you’re not satisfied with the status quo and the system needs to change. HG, Maidstone ■ I urge Tobi not to waste your vote. If you really can’t vote for the big parties, then have a look at who’s standing as an independent and vote for them. Darren, Surbiton ■ Tobi, please, please, please don’t let your disappointment with our government lead you or any of your friends to not vote. Instead, use your vote constructively and vote for whoever you feel speaks for you, even if that means voting for a party that could never gain a majority. Gemma, Manchester ■ Alan Yearsley from Sheffield (MetroTalk, Tue) is pinning his hopes on proportional representation as a vehicle to lead the UK into rejoining the EU. His evidence for this are polls that he suggests show a ‘clear majority’ now believe that Brexit was a mistake. However, his desire for PR and to see Brexit reversed has two flaws. First, once elected with a substantial majority, either of the two major parties would go cold on having a referendum on PR. Second, those participating in the polls on which he is relying have not been told what the UK would have to sacrifice as the cost of rejoining. HG, Kent ■ Alan thinks PR would mean Labour could target a broader group than the small group of Leave-voting Red Wall voters it think it needs to win an election. Be careful what you wish for. Currently, people who wish to vote for smaller parties such as the Greens are opting to vote Labour because we don’t have PR. If we had PR, they’d vote for the Green Party to get their MPs into parliament, meaning the supposed easy Labour majority would vanish and we’d be left with Labour forming the largest minority group. Then it would have to bargain with small minority parties just to form a stable government. Alan says he doesn’t want to water down policies to pander to Red Wall voters, so we’d have a hung parliament and be in stalemate. Great plan. Paul, London ■ Tim from Woking and Ray from Leatherhead (MetroTalk, Mon) miss the point about closing all ticket offices. It’s got nothing to do with being ‘up to date’, it’s about the safety and security of passengers. Disabled people won’t travel because there won’t be staff to help. You’re both OK for now but you won’t always be, whether you get old or something happens to you. Having staff on stations or guards on trains will help you. Tom, Aslef Member ■ Angry from Merseyside (MetroTalk, Tue) is like rail unions and seem to think it’s acceptable to keep workers in obsolete jobs for eternity. This happens in no other industry. I constantly see guards do nothing except play games on their phone. There are ticket offices in small stations where the income they draw does not warrant them being there. And as far as protecting the passengers, the guards didn’t a few days ago. There were about 40 football fans together shouting, swearing, jumping on tables and banging windows. What did the guard do to protect passengers? Absolutely nothing. Elliott, Haywards Heath ■ Tim says ticket offices should be ‘a thing of the past’. People just accept things nowadays and that’s why we’re in the mess we’re in. Some things in life are worth fighting for. Don’t be a slave to technology. Marion, Glasgow ■ When laying the foundations of the NHS in the 1940s, William Beveridge proposed a system that was both curative and preventative. This is now under strain as so much resource is spent on self-inflicted conditions such as obesity, smoking and excess drinking. People can’t help themselves stay fit. The income disparity only makes it worse – the well-off can afford to exercise and eat well, while the poor work themselves into the grave. This is reflected in the difference in average life expectancy between those in the most deprived areas (73.5 years for men) and the least deprived (83.2 years). Lewis, Birmingham ■ I read your feature about air travel etiquette (Metro, Mon) with some trepidation. I am at Heathrow waiting to board my flight back to the US (I am well early, thank you – as per your well-observed rules). On the flight here, a gentleman was scolded for sleeping on the floor of his otherwise empty row. ‘No no,’ the crew said, ‘we can’t sleep on the floor’. It’s a shame he didn’t realise the armrests can be raised, otherwise he might’ve slept on the empty seats.Barry Negrin, NYC ■ Pity the cyclists confronted by overpowering mega-bright lights from drivers. Pity the pedestrians subjected to high-powered flashing lights from cyclists. The winter commute: it’s a lightmare! RM Atkinson, Edinburgh Start a text with VIEWS followed by your comment, name and where you live to 65700. Standard network charge applies. Or email mail@ukmetro.co.uk. Helpline for Views: 020 3615 0600. Full T&Cs on metro.co.uk/terms Metro is a member of the Independent Press Standards Organisation. Comments may be edited for reasons of legality, clarity or space.