Prince Andrew’s legal woes could surface once again as his sex abuse accuser’s gagging order is lifted in February. He paid millions to settle the case with Virginia Giuffre earlier this year and the Duke of York did not admit any wrongdoing as part of the civil case settlement. The lifting of the gagging order means Ms Giuffre will be allowed to talk about the years of abuse she suffered at the hands of Jeffrey Epstein, the convicted sex offender. There could even be the prospect she sits down for another television interview or writes her own book. Ms Giuffre sued the Duke last year for unspecified damages after claiming she was forced to have sex with him on three separate occasions in 2001, when she was 17. Andrew denied any wrongdoing and wanted to take the civil case to trial and clear his name. But Buckingham Palace urged him to settle as damaging claims started overshadowing the news agenda and threatened the Queen’s platinum jubilee celebrations, The Telegraph reports. The palace announced last January it had stripped Prince Andrew of all military titles and patronages, ordered him not to use his HRH title and ruled out any return to public duties. Eventually on February 15, the disgraced royal struck a deal that drew a line under the case and helped him retreat from public life. The Queen is believed to have contributed to a hefty financial settlement, which prevented either side from discussing any aspect of the case or the financial deal. The inclusion of the gagging order was seen as crucial for the Duke to borrow money from his mother to settle the case. But aides were said to be ‘incredulous’ that Prince Andrew could have paid so much money, only to have the enforced silence come to an end after such a relatively short space of time. The gagging order may still prevent her from repeating her allegations against him. A friend said when the deal was signed: ‘If you’re going to go for legal resolution at those sorts of prices then you want silence – but what we’ve got is silence for the Platinum Jubilee.’ A spokesman for the Duke declined to comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.