The majority of drivers still don’t know important new rules for road users introduced one year ago, a survey has found. Changes to the Highway Code in January last year aimed to provide more protection for cyclists and other vulnerable road users. They included leaving a gap of at least 1.5 metres when overtaking a cyclist while driving at up to 30mph, with wider gaps at higher speeds. Rather than sticking to the left, cyclists are now also advised to ride in the centre of the lane when roads aren’t busy, traffic is moving slowly or when approaching a junction. But 60% of motorists aren’t familiar with the changes, polling by YouGov found this month. Of more than 2,000 adults, 25% said they knew ‘nothing at all’ about the amendments. Of those who had some awareness of them, 72% failed to identify the correct new overtaking guidance in response to a simple multiple choice question. This only fell to 70% among regular drivers. Cycling UK, the charity which commissioned the poll, said the findings were ‘alarming’. The results show the need for a ‘sustained well-funded awareness campaign of at least three years’ after a ‘short-lived’ attempt by the government to publicise the changes last year. The charity’s head, Sarah Mitchell, said: ‘If widely adopted, these changes can save lives and make the roads better for everyone – but if you’ve not passed your test in the last year, it’s unclear how you would know about them. ‘We need Government commitment and investment in a long-term awareness campaign of at least three years to help change long-established driving behaviours. ‘With more people looking for other ways to travel, whether for financial reasons, health or environmental, making our roads safer for its most vulnerable users is essential.’ AA said its driving schools are drilling the new rules into its learners but ‘more action is needed to promote these potentially life-saving changes’. A spokesperson added: ‘When the changes are spelt out to drivers, our surveys suggest that 89% support the reasons for giving 1.5-metre spaces when overtaking.’ A Department for Transport spokesman said: ‘The changes to the Highway Code aim to improve safety for people cycling, walking and horse riding, and we invested over £1.3 million in our Think! campaign which has increased awareness and understanding of the changes over the last year. ‘We have worked closely with a group of stakeholders representing all road users to develop the campaign, with many also supporting the campaign on their own channels.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.