Cristiano Ronaldo is on his way to Saudi Arabia following his transfer to Al Nassr, and he’s taking his family there in style. The former Manchester United player, who signed with Al Nassr in December, teased he’ll be seeing his new club ‘soon’ as he relaxed on a swanky private jet. Alongside his clip uploaded to Instagram on Monday, the footballer’s partner, Georgina Rodriguez, shared an envy-inducing insight into how the rich get from A to B. With diamonds around her neck and on her fingers, Georgina, 28, hung out with one of her children in the plane’s lavish bedroom, which sported a double bed that’ll really give your economy seat recline a run for its money. She may have been dripping in jewels and with a statement red handbag, but she still travelled in comfy style, adding black workout gear, a black hat and white trainers, captioning the snap: ‘Not without my @aloyoga.’ In another shot, Georgina (who gifted her partner a £250,000 Rolls–Royce for Christmas) flashed a serious look to the camera as she sat in one of the jet’s wide seats, with her bag placed on a shiny table in front of her. Another saw her rifling through a Louis Vuitton bag as five-year-old Mateo posed for the camera. Their trip comes ahead of Cristiano’s debut with Al Nassr. The contract will see the Portuguese icon, who had been without a club after leaving Manchester United in November, earn one of the biggest salaries in the history of sport. According to Saudi Arabian state-owned media, Cristiano will earn £173million a year at Al Nassr. Of this total salary, £62m will be for playing football, whilst the remaining £111m will be paid for commercial deals and image rights, according to CBS Sports. Speaking after the transfer was confirmed, the footballer said: ‘I am fortunate that I have won everything I set out to win in European football and feel now that this is the right moment to share my experience in Asia. ‘I am looking forward to joining my new team mates and together with them help the Club to achieve success.’ According to the Daily Mail, Cristiano was earning £20m a year during his second spell at Old Trafford. The 37-year-old had taken a pay cut to move to United in 2021, where he was thought to be on £26m per annum at previous club Juventus. Going along for the move, Cristiano and Georgina share Cristiano’s son Junior, 12, who he welcomed in 2010, and twins Eva and Matteo, who were born via surrogate in 2017, as well as the couple’s five-year-old daughter Alana Martina. The pair welcomed daughter Bella, who was born in April last year, however they sadly lost Bella’s brother. MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo gifted a £250,000 Rolls-Royce by girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez on Christmas Day MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo’s partner Georgina Rodriguez blasts Portugal manager after World Cup exit