For days Elizabeth Arden has been the name on everyone’s lips – and Harry’s todger. In Spare, Prince Harry casually reveals that to treat his frostbitten royal jewels during a trip to Antarctica, he applied a dab of Elizabeth Arden cream. But the American skincare brand seemingly tweeted about the Duke’s bizarre story on January 9. ‘You’ve heard all the buzz about plumping Hyaluronic Acid, but did you know it’s extremely helpful during the colder months?’ the tweet read. ‘The trick is to apply it to damp skin – HA pulls the moisture from the environment into the skin.’ One Twitter user asked the question that needed to be answered: ‘Can you confirm if this will help with a freezing todger?? Prince Harry says it does??’ Another added: ‘Elizabeth Arden realising there’s no such thing as bad publicity.’ A user called Meghan – not Meghan Markle, though – replied: ‘Whoever tweeted this deserves a raise.’ During the freezing 200-mile Arctic charity expedition, Harry says he started to feel some discomfort down there. He wrote in his memoirs, Spare: ‘Upon arriving home I’d been horrified to discover that my nether regions were frostnipped as well, and while the ears and cheeks were already healing, the todger wasn’t.’ So in a bit of promotion the company’s marketing team never could have thought up, Harry said he applied some Elizabeth Arden cream to his frostbitten privates – when it didn’t work, he saw a doctor. ‘The last place I wanted to be was, “Frost Nip-istan”,’ he added. But Harry mentioned that a friend suggested he use the cream Prince Diana once used on her lips. An extract reads: ‘I’d been trying some home remedies, including one recommended by a friend, she’d urged me to apply Elizabeth Arden cream. ‘”My mum used that on her lips, you want me to put that on my todger?!”, “It works Harry, trust me”.’ ‘I found the tube and the minute that I opened it, the smell transported me through time,’ he adds in the book. ‘It felt as if my mother was right there in the room, and I took a smidge and applied it down there.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.