Noel Gallagher’s wife Sara MacDonald has reportedly hired Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s lawyer amid her divorce from the Oasis star. The singer, 55, had been with Sara, 51, for 22 years, and the pair share two teenage children: Donovan, 15, and 12-year-old Sonny. But it was announced earlier this month that they had parted ways, with Noel believed to have moved out of their family home. A spokesperson for the former couple confirmed the news of the split in a statement to the Mail Online, adding that they intend to divorce. They said: ‘Noel Gallagher and Sara MacDonald has confirmed that the couple are to divorce. ‘Noel and Sara will together continue to look after their children who remain their priority. Noel and Sara ask the media to respect their privacy and that of our family at this time.’ A source close to the couple told The Sun it is a ‘great shame’ but they are trying to remain ‘civilised’ for their sons. Now, also according to The Sun, Sara has enlisted Jenny Afia who works for Schillings, a London law firm that specialises in reputation management. It’s believed Jenny will be on hand to guide Sara through the legal proceedings, after 18 months of trying, but failing, to make things work in their marriage. A pal told the outlet that it was Sara who ‘stepped away’ from the relationship, and now she wants to ‘manage her public image.’ They said: ‘Noel has really mellowed out in recent years he might be the rock star in the relationship, but Sara is the one with the more rock and roll lifestyle. ‘There’s always speculation that a famous man must have made the decision, but that’s not the case. ‘Lately she’s been the one who has wanted to stay out partying when he hasn’t, and socialised separately more often than not — and she’s grown close to some new people. ‘In the end she was the one who stepped away from the marriage, but they’ve kept things very amicable – they’re focused on their children and things are going well.’ You might recognise Jenny from the Harry and Meghan Netflix series, as she was a key figure in aiding them through their transition from palace life. An industry expert explained, however, that Jenny ‘isn’t a divorce lawyer.’ ‘You only hire her if you’re worried about how things might look from the outside,’ said the source. ‘That’s what Harry and Meghan did, and Johnny Depp in his UK defamation case with Amber Heard.’ Sara is Noel’s second wife, with the musician first being married to Meg Mathews, with whom he shares daughter Anais, from 1997 to 2001. The Don’t Look Back In Anger star then began a relationship with publicist Sara, after previously pretending to have cheated on Meg with her to, he said, speed up divorce proceedings. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul Chowdhry fans forced to leave venue due to ‘suspected gas leak’ during comedy set in Leeds MORE : Julian Sands’ family praise ‘heroic’ efforts of Californian authorities as search for missing actor enters day 11 