Ronnie O’Sullivan has downplayed the ongoing match-fixing scandal in snooker, saying other sports have survived similar problems and adding: ‘In the grand scheme of things, it’s not really that important.’ 10 players are currently suspended from World Snooker Tour events as the match-fixing investigation continues, with charges expected to be levied in the coming days before an independent tribunal assesses the cases. The situation has been in focus this week at the Masters as Zhao Xintong and Yan Bingtao were both due to play but are among those suspended, so have been replaced in the draw by Hossein Vafaei and Dave Gilbert respectively. It is undoubtedly a terrible situation for snooker, in terms of the integrity of the sport and how it looks to both the public and potential commercial partners. However, the current world champion and world number one does not sounds too worried, saying similar has happened elsewhere and sports always survive. ‘I’m sure it has happened in football, tennis, golf and it hasn’t harmed them,’ said O’Sullivan after winning his opening Masters match 6-1 against Luca Brecel on Monday. ‘It hasn’t affected them. We have to talk about these things but in the grand scheme of things, it’s not really that important. ‘There is a lot of stuff going on in the world like famine, starvation, malnourishment. These are really important issues and to me they are very important. Sport is just a game.’ O’Sullivan also urged caution before blaming individuals involved as it is yet to become clear what situations led to any involvement in match-fixing. While there can be no excuses for some levels of involvement, the Rocket feels some mitigating circumstances will need to be taken into account. ‘I can’t really say because I don’t know,’ O’Sullivan told The Sportsman. ‘But before you start criticising the guys involved you have to put yourself in other people’s shoes. It can only be one of two things, they either have an addiction and if that’s a case then they need help, or they are struggling to make ends meet. ‘Maybe they are forced into desperation and that’s not a good situation either. World Snooker could help support them rather than being hard on them and maybe change their structure and not put these players in that situation. ‘I’m not one for being hard on them because I know it’s not easy for the bottom ranked players. I’m sure it’s happened in football and it hasn’t harmed football. I’m sure it’s happened in tennis and it hasn’t done tennis any harm. ‘I’m sure some golfer down the line has done something, it doesn’t seem to have effected that sport. I think it will get sorted and get done.’ O’Sullivan returns to action on Thursday 12 January in the afternoon session against either Mark Williams or Gilbert. MORE : The Jack Lisowski evolution continues: ‘I feel like a snooker player now’ MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan warns rivals: ‘Expect me to keep coming for more!’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 