Face tattoos certainly divide opinion, and Demi Sims has done exactly that with her latest inking. The former Towie star, 26, already boasts an impressive collection of tattoos, with permanent designs across her hands and back. But she’s gone one step further, proving her bravery by going under the needle in what was bound to be a painful area. Demi debuted her new face tattoo with a social media snap, showcasing the small heart drawing right next to her eye. The reality star got the love heart outline on her cheekbone in a joint tattoo session with her older sister Frankie, 27, who also got a tattoo on her lower back. Taking her 573k Instagram followers along for the ride, Demi shared a mirror snap before sitting in the chair, with the caption: ‘Tattoo time’. Donning an all-black tracksuit, the star was fully kitted out to sit comfortably in the chair. She then visited respected tattoo artist Sophie Wilde – who has given the TV personality tats in the past. Brunette sibling Frankie is yet to share her own tattoo, but she appeared at ease as she lay down and scrolled on her phone mindlessly while being inked. As mentioned, this was certainly not Demi’s first tattoo, as she debuted a sprawling back tat in October, which features quotes and two tigers. Demi also has the phrase ‘pretty poison’ transcribed on the back of her hand. She’s not the only star to have unveiled a new tattoo recently, or a face tat, for that matter. Lottie Moss – the younger sister of supermodel Kate Moss – also got a face tattoo after a wild night out, waking up the following morning with the word ‘Lover’ written underneath her eye. However, the 24-year-old Only Fans creator doesn’t care for criticism, as she later shared a tattoo tour of all her inkings on TikTok. After social media users had plenty to say about her drunken choice, Lottie, who has 29 tattoos, said: ‘If it makes you happy and you’re happy with it, then go ahead and do it. ‘You’ve got one life and you want to live it to make yourself happy and not others.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice’s Lewis Ellis hits back at ‘snide’ Lord Sugar after being trolled over ‘horrible tattoos’ MORE : Romeo Beckham gets ‘I love you’ tattoo after rekindling romance with girlfriend Mia Regan 