Why have a kitchen when you can split it up and dot it around your apartment instead? Evidently, that’s the question the designers of this fabulous rental opportunity have asked – and behold the fruits of their labour. This tiny ‘open plan’ Reading apartment has elements of a kitchen placed throughout. For anyone who’s ever dreamed of cooking from the comfort of their own bed, this £700 per month flat could well be perfect for you. There’s a double bed in the middle of the room, as well as a little table for one, and an oven with a hob at the foot of the bed. Handy! Meanwhile, a microwave is nestled lovingly on a little fridge/freezer to one side of the room. And the kitchen sink, draining board, a small worktop and cabinets are next to the mattress. The listing reads: ‘The property comprises – open plan bedroom/kitchen, kitchen, with fridge, microwave oven, kitchen hood, and full-size elec cooker.’ In addition to this intriguing layout, there’s a separate bathroom with a shower, toilet and sink. Now, we know what you’re thinking – surely this is all too good to be true. But there are some drawbacks to the property. For example, while couples are welcome to move in, which would make rent rise to £725 a month, kids are no-go. You’ll also have to pay £65 a month for parking. Also included in the cost of rent are gas, water, shared Wi-Fi and council tax bills. ‘Desk and chair, bathroom – bath/shower, WC, and sink,’ the listing goes on. ‘Shared washing machine facilities are available. The property would ideally suit the requirements of working professionals, couples are welcome. ‘This property is NOT suited for children. Only private parking is available at an additional cost of £65 PCM.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : London studio flat available for £1,300 – but you’ll need a triangle-shaped bed MORE : Mum says it feels like the council ‘is waiting for us to die’ in flat riddled with mould MORE : What I Rent: Alaina, $650 a month for an 80 sq ft studio apartment in Manhattan, New York