Adam Rich has died at the age of 54, his family has confirmed. A cause of death has not been revealed, but a relative told TMZ that the Brooklyn-born star died on Saturday (January 7) at his home in LA. Law enforcement sources also told the publication that he was found when someone came to his house, but foul play is not suspected. American actor Rich is best known for his role as Nicholas Bradford, the youngest son on the television series Eight Is Enough, which ran for five seasons from 1977 until 1981. Just a child at the time, Rich was recognisable with his distinctive pageboy haircut, which even inspired thousands of parents to recreate the look on their own sons. His character became so loved on the show, that he became known as ‘America’s little brother.’ After playing the role of Nicholas from the age of eight, Rich went on to score other roles in TV series. He appeared in Irwin Allen’s 1981 TV show Code Red on ABC, and the 1983 sitcom Gun Shy on CBS. Rich also made guest appearances on shows including Baywatch, The Love Boat, CHiPs, and Fantasy Island. He did voice work too, providing voices for the cartoon series Dungeons & Dragons alongside Eight Is Enough co-star Willie Aames. The late star also became recognisable in TV commercials for brands such as Betty Crocker. As for his personal life, Rich had his fair share of ups and downs, having previously been arrested for driving under the influence. He also entered rehab for drug addictions three times. Tributes have been pouring in for the actor following the sad news of his death, with many sharing how they ‘grew up’ watching him on TV. ‘Very sad to hear of the passing of my dear friend and hero Adam Rich. You may know him as Nicholas from 8 is Enough. I’m just so very grateful for the gift of his life and happy he was able to live long enough to see the Titans Jaguars game,’ one friend tweeted. ‘RIP Adam Rich. Grew up watching him on “Eight Is Enough”.’, wrote another. Another tweeted: ‘This is so heartbreaking! Been following him here on Twitter for a long time. Always had words of encouragement and a strong advocate for mental illness.’ ‘Wow in grade school this show was part of my weekly routine,’ wrote another fan. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hollywood icon Jane Fonda admits being ‘completely starstruck’ by 80 for Brady co-star Tom Brady: ‘My knees actually got weak’ MORE : Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky meet royalty rubbing shoulders with Mike and Zara Tindall at Australian polo  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 