Vladimir Putin has ordered 21 mobile crematoriums from China in anticipation of even more losses in Ukraine, reports say. It’s believed they will be used on the frontline to hide the true scale of deaths among the mobilised troops. Russia has already lost an estimated 100,000 soldiers since the invasion started last February, but there are rumours Moscow is preparing for the death toll to more than double to 220,000 by May. Telegram channel General SVR claims Putin ‘is not embarrassed by the colossal losses’ from the war he inflicted on Europe, but the scale would be ‘disturbing’ to the public. ‘As a result, according to the president, the losses must be “smeared over time”, and the crematoriums have been ordered for this,’ they added. ‘Putin has been informed that the order is ready and will be delivered to Russia via third countries in the near future.’ Footage purportedly shows Russian-made mobile crematoriums already being used by the army. Putin has long been accused of using ill-equipped and badly trained draftees, recruited from impoverished regions, as ‘cannon fodder’ to avoid significant losses among his regular army. It is thought a significant number of them are convicts released from prison to fight for the Wagner PMC group in exchange for their freedom. As many as 40,000 prisoners have reportedly been recruited by the mercenary outfit, which is run by Putin crony Yevgeny Prigozhin in collusion with the GRU Russian military intelligence agency. A recent report from the VChK-OGPU Telegram channel states that out of 270 prisoners recruited from a penal colony in Bashkortostan region, only 30 are still alive. A source said this ‘very accurately reflects the number of prisoners’ who’ve died – a little more than 10 per cent survive’. Pictures purportedly show one graveyard full of dead fighters, and the mobile crematoriums have allegedly been brought in to obscure the true death toll. Billionaire Prigozhin has stressed many inmates have survived six months – at which point they qualify for a pardon, even for murder or rape convictions. A new video shows Prigozhin – nicknamed Putin’s chef and himself a former convict – bidding farewell to convicts who now qualify for release in Karelia. He told some of the prisoners: ‘Don’t drink too much, don’t use drugs, don’t rape women, don’t create trouble. ‘The police should treat you with respect.’ According to official Kremlin figures, only around 6,000 Russian troops have died since the start of the war. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.