Boris Johnson used a distant millionaire relative to act as a guarantor for an £800,000 credit facility while he was prime minister, reports say. A spokesman for the former Tory leader, when asked about the report, said all of Mr Johnson’s finances ‘are and were properly declared’. He said advice was sought from Government officials and ethics advisers before any personal arrangements were made. According to The Sunday Times, Canadian businessman Sam Blyth agreed to act as a guarantor for the line of credit. Mr Blyth is reportedly a friend of Mr Johnson’s father, Stanley Johnson. Their mothers were said to be cousins and he is reportedly worth 50 million dollars. The credit was said to be available from February 2021 to help with Mr Johnson’s ‘day-to-day expenses’. Mr Johnson’s spokesman stressed he ‘did not take a loan from Sam Blyth’. The newspaper said he needed the financial provision despite earning £164,000 as PM. An anonymous source claimed Mr Johnson was on the verge of ‘going broke’ and there were fears he ‘would not be able to pay his own annual tax bill’. Before entering No 10, he was being paid £275,000 a year for a weekly in the Telegraph – which stopped when he assumed office. Mr Johnson and his wife Carrie are also said to have used a Dominican Republic property owned by Mr Blyth. The reports suggests they were holidaying at the £4,100-a-night villa when his successor Liz Truss was ousted from Downing Street. The Sunday Times said using Mr Blyth as a guarantor was signed off by the Cabinet Office propriety and ethics team on the condition that there was ‘no conflict of interest, no risk of a conflict of interest, and no risk even of the perception of such a conflict’. The report said Mr Blyth was considered, between late 2020 and early 2021 – when the guarantor arrangements were being put into place – for a position as chief executive of the British Council, a non-departmental public body. A spokesman for Mr Johnson said he neither assisted with nor was aware of Mr Blyth being considered for the role. The council decided against hiring Mr Blyth, The Sunday Times said. In a statement, Mr Johnson’s spokesman said: ‘It is completely untrue that Boris Johnson in any way assisted with, or was even aware of, any application by Sam Blyth – formal or informal – to serve in any position whatever with the British Council, and neither was anybody in No 10 who was acting on his behalf. ‘As far as he is aware no-one in No 10 either knew about this alleged application or did anything to advance it.’ The spokesman added: ‘All Boris Johnson’s financial interests are and were properly declared. Boris Johnson sought advice from the Cabinet Secretary, the independent adviser on ministerial interests, and the propriety and ethics team. He followed their advice in full, as the Cabinet Office has confirmed.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.