This flat in East Village, Stratford, makes the perfect backdrop for digital superstar Emily Canham, 25, who has 693,000 Instagram followers, 1.2m on YouTube and 946,000 on TikTok. Originally from Northamptonshire, the fashion and lifestyle influencer fell in love with E20 when she first moved to London aged 17. She shares the home, which is by Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, with Cody, her ginger cocker spaniel (inset). A one-bedroom flat in Get Living’s Portlands Place, a build-to-rent offering in East Village. It has an open-plan kitchen and living area, one bathroom and amazing views across wetlands and the capital. East Village is a home away from home for me, as it was the part of London in which I first rented. I still have good friends here. It’s really spacious for a one-bedder, and has a surprising abundance of cupboard and storage space – so important if, like me, you work in the world of fashion or a creative industry. As I need to share my home with Cody, a pet-friendly rental neighbourhood was high on the checklist. I pay £2,350pcm, plus £95pcm for private parking. It has been brilliant having the freedom to decorate the place to my own personal style. I’ve chosen to collaborate with Soho House and painted the walls dark green, which has created a really cosy, homely feel. There are so many coffee shops, but my favourite is artisan Italian bakery Signorelli. I make use of the free events within the East Village community, many of which are design and fashion-focused. The Lab E20, a creative space in partnership with Christopher Raeburn, emphasises sustainable fashion and a circular economy. Shopping at Refill Therapy, in E9, helps me reduce single-use plastic in my everyday life. Brilliant. It’s such a quick commute in and out of the city, and of course there’s the DLR and the newly opened Elizabeth Line. London St Pancras is an eight-minute train ride away, and City Airport is 14. Living on your own can be quite daunting, so having opportunities to meet my neighbours has been vital. The local dog club has been a great way to meet with other dog-lovers, and we regularly go for group walks. There are so many open, green spaces on the doorstep. Not a thing. It’s been a great way of seeing what works for me in a home. Unexpected luxuries such as a heated mirror in the bathroom, so it doesn’t steam up when I shower, has been a game changer. I’ve also come to realise that I really thrive in a place where I can achieve everything I need to without leaving the building. I am actually working on creating it right now! I have been stripping out and renovating a Victorian terraced property – my own little slice of London – and hope to move in this March. Portlands Place’s two residential towers are linked by a 23-metre skybridge on the 10th floor. Residents get to use nearly 8,000 sq ft of colourful amenity space, designed by Conran And Partners, with a bookable open-plan kitchen, dining area and even a wine dispenser. The co-working spaces are brilliant. The Technogym fitness space means there are no excuses for not exercising. Emily’s latest project, ‘Welcome Home’ showcases her renovation project and her passion for interiors. What I Rent is a weekly series that’s out every Tuesday at 10am. Check back next week to have another nose around a rented property. This article contains placements with affiliate links.  We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links on these placements. MORE : What I Rent: Hafsa, £514 a month for a two-bedroom flat in Muscat, Oman MORE : What I Rent: Amy, £470 a month to share a three-bedroom house in the New Forest MORE : What I Rent: Alaina, $650 a month for an 80 sq ft studio apartment in Manhattan, New York