This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. Whether you’re spending January getting to grips with DIY or reorganising your home for the New Year, Aldi has a range of products on offer. Some of the storage boxes available this week have already sold out, so you’ll need to be quick if you’ve got your eye on anything. If you’re sprucing up your garage, these chrome shelves are a sturdy and reliable storage choice. The plug-in assembly system also means you don’t need any tools to get everything set up. Buy for £59.99 on the Aldi website now. Get your fridge looking organised with this pack of five fridge baskets. They feature easy-grip handles and wipe clean material, in medium and small sizes. Buy for £5.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. A DIY must-have, this handy tool detects power supply lines, metal or wood behind walls. An LCD visual display makes it easy to use, and it also includes acoustic signals too. Buy for £12.99 on the Aldi website now, and in stores from Sunday January 22. If you got a coffee machine for Christmas, you can level up your barista skills with this milk frother and heater. With an anti-leak system and easy-clean coating, it quickly heats milk up to 70°C and froths it to perfection. Buy for £19.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : Shoppers have gone wild for Iceland’s new hash brown quarter pounders MORE : Jack Monroe explains how to write a shopping list that’ll save you ‘an absolute fortune’