Stacey Solomon may be nine months pregnant, but Joe Swash is still counting on some ‘sexy time.’ Unfortunately for him, though, he’s getting absolutely nothing, with Stacey admitting any frisky antics are a ‘physical impossibility’ at the moment. The former X Factor star, 33, and ex-EastEnders actor, 41, are currently expecting their third child together, with Stacey set to pop any day now. They already share Rex, who was born in May 2019, and daughter Rose, born on Stacey’s 32nd birthday in October 2021. Stacey and Joe are also a happily blended family, as Joe was already father to son Harry, 14, from his previous relationship with ex-fiancee Emma Sophocleous, while Stacey has sons Zach, 14, and Leighton, 10, with former partners Dean Cox and Aaron Barnham respectively. The Loose Women panelist is due to welcome baby number five any day now, and there’s certainly no missing her massive bump. Sadly, said bump also got in the way of Joe’s birthday celebrations, after Stacey asked her followers what they should do for the day. ‘Have some sexy time to get baby moving’, one Instagram follower joked, to which Stacey responded with a hilarious video filmed as the couple ventured out in their car. Passenger princess Stacey chuckled: ‘And obviously, this was Joe’s favourite answer. ‘In fact, it was the first thing he said to me when dad came and picked up the kids.’ An unimpressed Joe hit back from the driver’s seat: ‘You’re saying it like I was right off the mark!’ A frustrated Stacey shouted back: ‘You are! It’s a physical impossibility right now!’ ‘I said, dad’s picked the kids up, it’s just me and you… that is definitely a hint that it’s time…’ Joe defended. ‘No, it’s not time. How would it even happen?’, Stacey asked. ‘I honestly don’t know how people do it,’ she added, before laughing that she can’t even put her own socks on. Turning the camera to show off her belly, she said: ‘I can’t even walk up the stairs without hyperventilating, if you think I can do anything like that right now… Look at me!’ The Essex star did later share a sweet birthday tribute for her husband, though, whom she married last year in their beloved Pickle Cottage. Posing for an adorable mirror selfie with bump front and centre, Stacey wrote in her caption: ‘🖤 Happy Birthday Bub 🖤 To the moon & back always & forever… love u.’ Ahead of their outing, she addd: ‘So Excited for a child free dinner! (except bumpy 😂) It’s been A LONNNG time. Thanks to the legend that is Dave my dad for babysitting the brood love you 🖤’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon admits she needs to ‘sort own life out’ before arrival of baby MORE : Stacey Solomon fears she’ll ‘sneeze’ baby out as she reaches final weeks of pregnancy with fifth child 