Romeo Beckham has added to his growing collection of tattoos with a romantic new piece that certainly lives up to his namesake. The young footballer, 20, is the second child of Victoria and David Beckham, along with siblings Brooklyn, 23, Cruz, 17 and Harper, 11. Romeo appears to be the Beckham offspring most heavily following in his famous father’s footsteps, as he kicks off a career in football and gets a tattoo on his neck. Having started in the US with Inter Miami, Romeo has now joined Brentford FC’s B team, and was recently watched over by former England star David as he played a match in southeast London. As well as his own glittering football career, dad David is well-known for being covered in impressive tattoos, and Romeo is again following in his footsteps as he just revealed his new ink. And considering the timing, as he recently got back together with his girlfriend of three years, Mia Regan, following a split this summer, it is an important one. The new tattoo – shown off on Romeo’s Instagram stories – bears the words: ‘I love you,’ along with a heart. Later, Romeo shared a romantic song to his Instagram stories, Stephen Sanchez’s Until I Found You, which features lyrics like ‘I would never fall in love again until I found her… I asked to love her once again… I’ll never let you go again.’ Probably a total coincidence, but as good a time as any to bring up that Romeo and Mia, who were childhood sweethearts and began dating at 16, split in 2022 after three years together. Sources at the time said that their busy work schedules kept them apart, but Romeo confirmed they were back together once more with a sweet birthday tribute to his girlfriend in November. Fans had speculated whether the couple had reconciled when Romeo’s mum Victoria announced a campaign she had worked on with Mia. Victoria and Mia are known to have a close friendship, with the 20-year-old a fan of Victoria’s luxury fashion brand for years, and even modelling pieces designed by the Spice Girls star on social media in the past. A source had suggested the then-teenagers had split up due to their busy schedules, coupled with the general pressures of a long-distance relationship. However they insisted the split was ‘amicable’, with Romeo’s parents said to still ‘adore’ her. The pair are still doing long distance, with Romeo now spending much of his time in England with Brentford FC, and Mia currently travelling Australia and New Zealand. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Romeo Beckham makes dad David proud as he signs with Brentford FC on loan from Inter Miami MORE : Romeo Beckham and Mia Regan continue their loved-up display with all the PDA in cute photo booth snaps