Take note people because Katherine Ryan has just delivered a masterclass in responding to a backhanded compliment following the release of her new Sky comedy Romantic Getaway. The comedian, 39, stars alongside Romesh Ranganathan, 44, in the newly released series, in which she enforced a strict no touching rule. Romantic Getaway sees Katherine and Romesh play married couple Deacon and Allison, who decide to defraud their dodgy boss of £500,000 so they can afford another round of IVF after countless failed attempts. However, after accidentally adding an extra 0 to the amount they wanted, they quickly find themselves wrapped up in an investigation while trying to figure out how to hide their crime… while keeping a distance. After sitting down to watch the series, one person thought it wise to share their rather snide remark about Katherine. ‘I have not been a fan of @Kathbum in the past…’ they wrote. ‘Just watched Romantic Getaway with @RomeshRanga and @JohnnyVegasReal and was blown away by her acting and comedy… I stand corrected.’ But Katherine wasn’t feeling the underhanded nature of the tweet, and simply wrote back: ‘Too late. I am not currently accepting new fans.’ Take a bow, Katherine. Earlier this week, co-star Romesh shed light on Katherine’s desire to not touch while filming. ‘Katherine said that she thinks we’re far along enough in our marriage in the show that we wouldn’t touch each other that much,’ he told the presenters. ‘She just said, “I just think you can show affection in different ways”. She made it very clear, it was a dealbreaker.’ An inquisitive Reid then asked: ‘But also didn’t she say that because you’re friends and because you’re so well-known no one actually wants to see you kissing?’ ‘Well, it was a dumbing it down of our acting abilities really,’ Romesh replied, adding that Katherine argued because audiences know them as comedians, they wouldn’t buy them as a married couple. Romantic Getaway is streaming from Sunday on Sky Comedy and NOW. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 