Gemma Collins was left ‘overcome with emotion’ as filmed herself with ‘tears rolling down my face’ as she visited Bethlehem, the birthplace of Jesus. The 41-year-old has taken a New Year’s holiday with her fiancé Rami Hawash and his son Tristan to Israel so the former Towie star can learn more about her partner’s roots. During their trip, the reality star made her way to Bethlehem and filmed the experience for her millions of followers. Addressing her fans with tears still streaming down her face, Gemma said: ‘Guys, I am in the church in Bethlehem. I have got tears rolling down my face. This is the most breathtaking, unreal experience of my life. ‘The feeling here, you cannot describe it and it is just overwhelming with emotion. I hope everyone gets to experience this once in their life.’ Showing her fans the crowds of people, she continued: ‘Everyone is queueing to see where Jesus was born. Just the feeling in here, the hairs stand on your end. It’s just… I’m breathless. Like, it is just so beautiful.’ Gemma then shared a photo of herself in tears with her hand covering her mouth as she wrote, ‘I was so overcome with emotion.’ Posting a photo of herself and Rami outside the Church of The Nativity, she thanked her partner for ‘the best present ever’. She later shared an image of herself touching the Holy Cave, a 14-point star which marks the exact place where Jesus is believe to have been born. She wrote alongside the image: ‘BETHLEHEM I can’t believe I’ve been so unbelievably lucky to have been where baby Jesus was born and touch the spot I am totally blown away and looking forward to my spiritual journeys in 2023💫. ‘The feeling of this was like nothing I’ve ever felt before I can’t even describe what I felt in that moment I was totally blown away.’ Fans applauded Gemma’s visit to the holy place, with one calling it ‘the best place on earth.’ Meanwhile, her celebrity pals Jedward commented: ‘Gemma you’re our religion.’ Another fan wrote: ‘I’ve been there when I was younger an would love to visit again.’ As another penned: ‘I’m so envious but in a good way, my whole life I have wanted to go there and is top of my bucket list! I hope you had a wonderful time and that 2023 is kind to you.’ While a final fan wrote: ‘Good on ya Gemma, u will leave t holy land a different person!!!!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Celebrity psychic predictions 2022: From Gemma Collins breaking America to Piers Morgan winning a Bafta – what came true and what really didn’t? MORE : Gemma Collins reveals she spends £500 a night on a security guard for when she leaves the house 