Manchester United are closing in on a loan deal for Marcel Sabitzer after the Bayern Munich midfielder was spotted getting ready to fly to England. The Red Devils have been rocked by the news that Christian Eriksen will be sidelined until the end of April at the earliest and have moved quickly to try and bring in a replacement. Sabitzer has emerged as an ideal reinforcement, with Bayern willing to allow the 28-year-old to leave on loan until the end of the season. Now he has been filmed arriving at Munich Airport by Sky Germany where is expected to board a flight to Manchester imminently. The Austria international had also been linked with a move to Chelsea, who enquired about his availability as a potential backup option if they fail to land Enzo Fernandez from Benfica. But it appears United have won the race for his signature and Sky Germany are reporting that he has been granted permission to fly to the UK as the two clubs work on the final details of the deal. According to The Athletic, Sabitzer will not need to undergo a full medical with Bayern supplying positive information and the deal has already been signed off by United’s hierarchy. Discussions are currently focused on a potential buy option at the end of the season, though that is not expected to be a major obstacle. Roger Wittmann, CEO of German agency Rogon who represent Sabitzer, has suggested his client is desperate to join a club where he will have more first-team opportunities. He told Sky Germany: ‘It’s clear that he wants to play. He’s a top player, not just any player. ‘All I can say is that Marcel is the most uncomfortable player when he’s not playing. He’s the most uncomfortable player when he’s losing, that’s that The decisive factor. ‘In terms of character, he’s a killer, the boy. That’s what players look like who always want to win and that’s where the coach has to check who should be playing at Bayern.’ United actually held interest in Sabitzer in the summer and he is someone previously recommend by former interim boss Ralf Rangnick. The Red Devils had also enquired about a possible deal for Ryan Gravenberch – a player Erik ten Hag knows well from their time together at Ajax – but Bayern preferred to let Sabitzer go despite the Austrian having played a much bigger role so far this season. MORE : Manchester United approach for Ryan Gravenberch turned down by Bayern Munich MORE : Jadon Sancho set for return to Manchester United matchday squad for first time since October For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 