Chelsea have offered £33m transfer flop Hakim Ziyech in a proposed deal to sign Franck Kessie from Barcelona, according to reports in Spain. The Blues have been incredibly busy both last summer and during the January transfer window but the spending shows no signs of stopping as Todd Boehly continues working on deals. Chelsea announced Noni Madueke as their sixth January signing on Friday, having already welcomed Mykhailo Mudryk, Benoit Badiashile, Joao Felix, Andrey Santos and David Datro Fofana to Stamford Bridge this month. Graham Potter suggested at his pre-match press conference on Friday that Chelsea’s January spending was over but it appears Boehly is already working on another deal. Spanish outlet Sport say Chelsea have expressed interest in signing Ivory Coast international Kessie and are ready to use Ziyech as bait in the deal. Barcelona signed Kessie from AC Milan last summer but the 26-year-old has struggled for game-time at the Nou Camp, starting just two La Liga games. Spanish giants Barca are said to be interested in signing Ziyech, who has underwhelmed at Stamford Bridge following a £33m move from Ajax in 2020. Ziyech has been overlooked by multiple Chelsea managers and is keen to revive his career elsewhere, having shown glimpses of his talent during the World Cup in Qatar. According to reports, Chelsea have also offered Ziyech to Premier League rivals Tottenham as they explore the possibility of signing Spurs summer recruit Yves Bissouma. Ex-Chelsea manager Ruud Gullit still rates Ziyech and claims he could become a ‘top player’ at Barcelona. Speaking on Ziggo Sport, Gullit said: ‘The way Ziyech plays for Morocco, I’ve never seen him play for Chelsea. It’s not just him. ‘I think Chelsea have put him in positions that don’t suit him at times. He just needs to play on that right side. ‘I wonder… I think he comes into his own in Spain, I think. I have the impression that he has never reached the level of Ajax in England. ‘I would like to see him in Spain. He can reach the top. He would also fit well in the Barcelona team.’ AC Milan and PSV are also understood to be weighing up moves for Ziyech, who has started just three Premier League games this season. MORE : Real Madrid star's agent makes statement over Arsenal and Chelsea  links MORE : Frank Leboeuf shares concern over Chelsea defender Kalidou Koulibaly For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 