Novak Djokovic admits he was ‘hurt’ by his father’s absence from the 2023 Australian Open final as he beat Stefanos Tsitsipas in straight-sets. Sunday’s triumph saw Djokovic equal Rafael Nadal on 22 major men’s singles trophies – the most in history – as he registered a record-extending 10th title at Melbourne Park. But his father Srdjan was not present after being involved in a controversial incident involving Russian fans, which Djokovic admitting in the build-up to the final that it had affected his preparations. Srdjan was filmed standing with a group of people waving Russian flags – at least one showing an image of Vladimir Putin – outside Rod Laver Arena which led to plenty of criticism with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine still going. Speaking after his victory over Tsitsipas, Djokovic told reporters: ‘We both agreed that it would probably be better that he’s not there. ‘That hurts him and me a lot because these are special, unique moments that who knows if they are repeated again. ‘It was not easy for him. I saw him after the match and he was not feeling his best, let’s say. He was happy to hug me, but I could see he was a bit sad. In the end we have a happy ending.’ Djokovic felt that the Russian fans had used his father to make a political statement and that there had been a ‘misinterpretation’ of the events. ‘He [my dad] had no intention to support any kind of war initiative,’ Djokovic said before the final. ‘It’s unfortunate the misinterpretation of what happened escalated. There was a lot of Serbian flags around. ‘That’s what he thought. He thought he was making a photo with somebody from Serbia. That’s it. He moved on.’ Russian and Belarusian flags were banned at the Australian Open following a courtside incident in the women’s singles. Some fans displayed a Russian flag during a match between Ukraine’s Kateryna Baindl and Russia’s Kamilla Rakhimova – with Ukrainian supporters accusing Russian spectators of ‘taunting’ Baindl during the Melbourne Park clash. MORE : Russian tennis star Andrey Rublev hits out at Ukrainian fans at Australian Open MORE : Russian fans ‘threaten Australian Open security staff’ and fly Vladimir Putin flag despite ban 