Andrea Riseborough is still in the Oscars 2023 race and will not have her best actress nomination revoked, it has been confirmed. The British actress, 41, was at the centre of controversy after her surprise nomination for her role in To Leslie, which has barely been seen and earned just over $27,000 at the box office. Riseborough found herself nominated for best actress alongside the likes of Cate Blanchett and Michelle Williams, while other stars such as Viola Davis and Danielle Deadwyler were snubbed despite being hotly-tipped for a nod. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences later announced it would be conducting a review of the nominations process after it emerged several high-profile Hollywood figures, including Kate Winslet, Jennifer Aniston, Gwyneth Paltrow and Charlize Theron, publicly backed Riseborough for the vote. However, AMPAS has now confirmed that Riseborough will get to keep her Oscar nomination despite the fact they have ‘concerns’ about the campaign surrounding To Leslie. In a statement obtained by Deadline, AMPAS CEO Bill Kramer said: ‘Based on concerns that surfaced last week around the To Leslie awards campaign, the Academy began a review into the film’s campaigning tactics. ‘The Academy has determined the activity in question does not rise to the level that the film’s nomination should be rescinded. However, we did discover social media and outreach campaigning tactics that caused concern.’ Kramer added that these ‘tactics’ are being ‘addressed with the responsible parties directly’. He continued: ‘The purpose of the Academy’s campaign regulations is to ensure a fair and ethical awards process—these are core values of the Academy. ‘Given this review, it is apparent that components of the regulations must be clarified to help create a better framework for respectful, inclusive, and unbiased campaigning. ‘These changes will be made after this awards cycle and will be shared with our membership. The Academy strives to create an environment where votes are based solely on the artistic and technical merits of the eligible films and achievements.’ Riseborough addressed her shock nomination and admitted even she was ‘astounded’ to be recognised in the coveted category. Reflecting on the moment she found out about her nom, the actress previously said: ‘It’s such an unexpected ray of light. It was so hard to believe it might ever happen because we really hadn’t been in the running for anything else. ‘Even though we had a lot of support, the idea it might actually happen seemed so far away.’ To Leslie sees the star play a single mother who turned to alcoholism after winning the lottery before turning her life around when a motel owner offers her a job. It reportedly took only 19 days to make with a budget of under a million dollars. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 