North Korea has warned the West ‘crossed a line’ with its decision to supply tanks to Ukraine. The influential sister of Kim Jong Un – Kim Yo Jung –  says Washington is escalating a ‘proxy war’ aimed at destroying Moscow. Her comments come after the US announced plans to supply Ukraine with advanced battle tanks to help fight off Russia’s invasion. North Korea has displayed a deepening alignment with Russia throughout the war in Ukraine. Ms Kim has now claimed the Biden administration has been ‘further crossing the red line’ by sending support to Ukraine. The decision reflects a ‘sinister intention to realise its hegemonic aim by further expanding the proxy war for destroying Russia’, she fumed in comments carried by North Korean state media. She said: ‘The US is the arch criminal which poses serious threat and challenge to the strategic security of Russia and pushes the regional situation to the present grave phase. ‘I do not doubt that any military hardware the US and the West boast of will be burnt into pieces in the face of the indomitable fighting spirit and might of the heroic Russian army and people.’ She added that North Korea will always ‘stand in the same trench’ with Russia. North Korea is the only nation other than Russia and Syria to recognise the independence of Donetsk and Luhansk, two Russian-backed separatist regions in eastern Ukraine. It has also hinted at plans to send workers there to help with rebuilding efforts. The United States previously accused Pyongyang of supplying weapons to the Wagner Group, Russia’s mercenary army. In turn, North Korea has repeatedly blamed Washington for the crisis in Ukraine, insisting the West’s ‘hegemonic policy’ forced Moscow to take military action to protect its security interests. The US decision to send tanks to Ukraine followed Germany’s agreement to send 14 Leopard 2 A6 tanks from its own stocks. Ms Kim is a politician in her native North Korea. Her exact date of birth is not known – The U.S. Treasury has it that her birthday is 26 September 1989, however, South Korean sources have it that she was born on the same day in 1987. She’s often photographed next to her brother, and analysts have previously predicted that she could take over if he was suddenly unable to rule. Mr Kim and Ms Kim are said to have a close relationship as a result of spending 1996 to 2000 studying in isolation together in Switzerland. When she got back to North Korea, it’s thought Ms Kim continued her education at the Kim Il-sung Military University and went on to study computer science at the Kim Il-sung University. She was removed from the politburo – an executive committee for communist political parties – in April 2019, but was reinstated again in April 2020. This has further added to the speculation that she could be being lined up to take over if Mr Kim is unable to rule. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.