The UK is on the verge of sliding into recession as business activity hits the lowest point in over two years. Industrial disputes, staff shortages, the cost of living crisis and high interest rates have all contributed to the bleak economic outlook. But experts are now warning things could still get worse. According to preliminary data from the so-called flash purchasing managers index (PMI), the current downturn is the fastest rate of decline since the national lockdown in January 2021. Private sector businesses are struggling to make money against squeezed household incomes, and a drop in business investment from risk-averse corporations. This is particularly the case for the services sector – including shops, restaurants, pubs and hotels – whose business activity has fallen steeply month on month. The manufacturing sector also saw output drop considerably amid severe labour shortages, inflated costs and weaker demand. Chris Williamson, chief business economist at S&P Global Market Intelligence, said: ‘Weaker-than-expected PMI numbers in January underscore the risk of the UK slipping into recession.’ Since the start of the year, ‘jobs also continued to be lost as firms tightened their belts in the face of these headwinds, though many other firms reported being constrained by an ongoing lack of available labour,’ he added. However, it’s not all doom and gloom as cost pressures have eased, and businesses are feeling more optimistic, a recent survey found. Lower fuel bills, commodity prices and shopping costs offset wage pressures in January, meaning business expenses have begun to come down. But experts warned the index still marks a disappointing start to the year. Mr Williamson added: ‘There were some bright spots in the survey, including improved business expectations for the year ahead and a further cooling of inflationary pressures. ‘But this is undeniably a disappointing start to the year for the UK, reflecting not just short-term hits to growth such as strike action and the rise in energy costs due to the Ukraine war, but also highlighting the ongoing damage to the economy from longer term structural issues such as labour shortages and trade woes linked to Brexit.’ Sir Jon Glen, chief economist at CIPS, said the country ‘teeters on the precipice of recession’ but optimism levels hint the downturn may not be as long and protracted as feared. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.