Prince Harry discussed many serious topics in his new book – from his time in Afghanistan, to his late mum Diana, to meeting his mum Meghan. But one thing from Spare that everyone can’t stop talking about is the Duke of Sussex’s frostbitten penis. He revealed he did a 200-mile Arctic charity walk without adequate resources for his lower half, which left him with a chilly willy at his brother Prince William and Kate’s wedding in 2011. During an interview on The Late Show in the US with Stephen Colbert last night, he was asked about how it actually happened. Harry asked the CBS host, ‘Can I have a drink?’ before adding: ‘How long have you been waiting to ask that question?’ The duke then said: ‘We’ve taken quite a leap from grief and trauma to my todger.’ Mr Colbert asked: ‘At what point did you realise there was a crisis at the South Pole?’ Harry laughed, explaining: ‘When I got home. The problem was – first of all, it didn’t turn into an icicle. ‘The context was these amazing veterans were doing a walk to the North Pole. They had all the training, I had none, and I turned up thinking: “How bad can this be?” ‘It’s only the North Pole, it’s only -35°C, I’ve got salopettes, I’ve got the jacket, I’ve got the warm stuff, I’ve got all the things that I need, but what I didn’t have – was what I had when I went to the South Pole [afterwards] – was a c**k cushion. ‘ Mr Colbert expressed his disbelief about being talked to by the Duke of Sussex about ‘c**k cushions’. They then went on to discuss several different slang words for the manhood in which Mr Colbert added ‘the Tower of London’ and ‘Big Ben’, which Harry joked ‘was new’. ‘When you’re walking, you’re hot, and you’re trying not to sweat because it freezes, and once it’s numb you don’t know there’s pain,’ he added. He said he didn’t notice ‘for weeks after’ – adding there was ‘nothing visible, nothing obvious, it was a slow, deteriorating situation’. Harry was said to have taken ‘extreme precautions’ on a later trip to the South Pole, which saw him get a ‘bespoke c**k cushion’ made. The duke made several other wacky claims in his new book, including William’s bizarre reaction to the revelation he was dating Meghan Markle. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.