Jennifer Coolidge is an undisputed comedy queen, having enjoyed a well-deserved resurgence thanks to her widely-beloved performance in The White Lotus. The Legally Blonde and American Pie star was one of the highlights of last night’s Golden Globes, picking up the accolade for best performance by an actress in a supporting role in her category among the line-up of winners. During her acceptance speech, she left The White Lotus creator Mike White in tears… while also sparking annoyance and amusement from viewers for ruining the ending and her character’s fate in season two. But one of her standout moments also came while presenting another award from the 2023 event, when she made an Oscars mix-up. The 61-year-old was given the responsibility of announcing the winner for best supporting actor in a TV musical, comedy or drama, which eventually went to Tyler James Williams for Abbott Elementary. As she opened the envelope, she declared: ‘The Oscar goes to…’ as the audience laughed. While turning the piece of card around, Jennifer appeared to realise her mistake, exclaiming: ‘No no wait! Golden Globe, Golden Globe, Golden Globe…’ Given how talented she is, the blunder could well have been a perfectly-planned bit. Whether it was a premeditated skit or a genuine mistake, we sure do love her for it… and many of her fans do too. ‘Jennifer Coolidge accidentally saying “and the Oscar goes to…” is already my favorite moment of the Golden Globes just end it now,’ one person tweeted. ‘I 100% do not believe Jennifer Coolidge saying that was a bit,’ another wrote, while someone else added: ‘JENNIFER COOLIDGE JUST MADE MY WHOLE NIGHT.’ On the night, Jennifer also opened up about when she was offered the chance to present at the show over the phone, explaining that while she was excited about the prospect, it also prompted ‘a complete anxiety attack’. ‘I said, “Oh my god, that is such an honour. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yes, I would love to.” And I hung up on her,’ she said. ‘And then I thought about it for a little bit, and I just had a complete anxiety attack.’ During her own acceptance speech, Jennifer showered The White Lotus creator Mike with praise and brought him to tears, explaining how she had ‘big dreams and expectations’ when she was younger that became ‘fizzled by life’. Joking that one of her aspirations was to become the Queen of Monaco, she told him: ‘I just want to say, Mike White, you have given me hope. You’ve given me a new beginning, even though this is the end, ’cause you did kill me off, but it doesn’t matter, because even if this is the end, you changed my life in a million different ways.’ As a tearful Mike watched on, Jennifer continued: ‘If you don’t know Mike White, this is what you should know. He’s worried about the world. He’s worried about people. He’s worried about friends of his that aren’t doing well, he’s always worried about people. ‘You’re worried about people, and he really is one of the greatest people I’ve ever met. He gives me so much excitement to be, you make people want to live longer. Mike, I love you to death.’ The mention of her character’s death in The White Lotus season two may have angered some people who were watching the Golden Globes and had yet to catch up with the comedy drama, but others found the spoiler hilarious. ‘Lol why did I have to spoil white lotus for myself the second I see Jennifer Coolidge’s golden globes speech,’ one person tweeted. ‘Not jennifer coolidge ruining the ending of white lotus s2 in her acceptance speech i am screamingggggg,’ another wrote. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Angela Bassett makes history becoming first Marvel actor to win Golden Globe as fans laughs off MCU criticism: ‘But it’s not cinema’ MORE : Brendan Fraser misses out on Golden Globe award for The Whale after boycotting ceremony as fans also refuse to watch show  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 