An investigation is underway after the death of a baby boy at a nursery in Dudley. Ofsted inspectors visited the facility ahead of a criminal investigation being launched. West Midlands Police confirmed the one-year-old’s death, which took place on December 9, is being treated as suspicious. A spokesperson from the force said: ‘Three women – aged 20, 23 and 50 – were arrested on 16 December on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter and subsequently released on bail with strict conditions while enquiries continue. ‘A further three women – aged 51, 53 and 37 – were arrested on 4 January 2023; two were arrested on suspicion of corporate manslaughter and one on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter.’ The family of the baby boy is currently being supported by specially trained officers. A post-mortem has taken place but further tests will be conducted to establish the exact cause of death. Fairytales Day Nursery, on Bourne Street in Dudley, has since been closed by Ofsted along with other linked premises. A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesperson said: ‘We were called at 3.19pm to Bourne Street, Dudley on December 9. ‘Two ambulances, a paramedic officer, a MERIT trauma doctor and critical care paramedic and the Midlands Air Ambulance from Cosford airbase attended the scene. ‘On arrival crews found a child in a critical condition. ‘The team of medics commenced advanced life support which continued en route to Russells Hall Hospital by land ambulance.’ An Ofsted spokesperson said: ‘We don’t comment on individual providers and it would be inappropriate for us to comment on the circumstances surrounding this child’s tragic death while a police investigation is underway. ‘However, we suspended this nursery’s registration on December 14, because we believed children may be at risk of harm. ‘Inspectors visited the nursery the following day and issued a welfare requirements notice, setting out a range of actions the nursery must take to make sure children are safe. ‘We are supporting the police with their ongoing investigation.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.