Kelly Osbourne has spoken out about her son, Sidney, for the first time, after her mom dropped her baby bombshell. The new mother, 38, stepped out of the spotlight recently after revealing she would be welcoming her first child with boyfriend Sid Wilson. However, Sharon Osbourne may have missed that memo during her return to Talk TV on Tuesday, as she couldn’t help but rave about the new addition to the family. Revealing her grandson’s name as Sidney, the former X Factor judge opened up about how Kelly has been since giving birth. ‘Just so great, so great,’ the 70-year-old said. ‘She won’t let a picture go out of him, and I’m so proud of her.’ Taking to Instagram earlier today, the TV personality appeared to hit out at her family news being shared before she was ‘ready’. ‘I am not ready to share him with the world,’ she wrote on her story. ‘It is no one’s place but mine to share any information on my baby.’ Kelly made her romance with Sid Instagram official at the beginning of last year, sending fans into a spin with loved-up selfies. In May, she confirmed that she was pregnant with the Slipknot star’s child, sharing a glimpse of her scan on social media. ‘I know that I have been very quiet these past few months so I thought I would share with you all as to why…,’ she said at the time. ‘I am over the moon to announce that I am going to be a Mumma. ‘To say that I am happy does not quite cut it. I am ecstatic!’ Kelly was out of the public eye for much of her pregnancy journey, choosing to keep her private life firmly behind closed doors. That didn’t stop her parents from spilling the beans, as she joked that rocker dad Ozzy Osbourne had already told everyone everything. ‘If you just look up one of his interviews, you’ll find the answers,’ she told People Magazine in October. ‘Even though I’m not saying anything! ‘He did an interview today and I’m outside the door. I’m like, “Dad, shut up!” He tells everyone because he’s so excited.’ ‘I am feeling really good,’ she added of motherhood. ‘I am very close to the end of my pregnancy. When you think about, “Oh, I’m going to be pregnant for nine months,” you think that’s the longest time ever. It goes by so quickly, it’s unbelievable.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island bosses ‘set sights on Pretty Little Thing model’- as winter series looms MORE : Sadie Sink talks ‘scary and sad’ Stranger Things goodbye ahead of season 5  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 