Just as some of the Love Island couples are starting to feel comfortable, yet another female bombshell is about to be dropped into the villa, it has been reported. In the two weeks since the reality dating series began in South Africa, there’s already been seven bombshells who have been introduced to the original group of Islanders. Now, things look set to be shaken up yet again with the arrival of a new girl who might ruffle a few feathers. ‘Love Island are keeping things spicy this series and have thrown into another female bombshell,’ a source explained. ‘She has already gone into the villa to stir up the action and fans will see it all play out soon.’ ‘The ratings are starting to rise on this series and Love Island bosses are sure throwing in more bombshells will only make the show more exciting,’ they told The Sun. The new cast member is said to have already arrived after her villa entrance was filmed this weekend and is expected to be seen on screen in the coming days. It comes just after Spencer Wilks, 24, and Ellie Spence, 25, walked in much to the surprise of everyone late last week. Instantly causing a stir, the pair were given the chance to choose who they wanted to recouple with. While Spencer chose 27-year-old Olivia Hawkins, Ellie left Lana Jenkins, 25, in tears after setting her sights on Ron Hall, also 25. Earlier in the week the villa also welcomed two former Love Island Australia stars, Aaron Waters, 25, and Jessie Wynters, 26. The first bombshell to be dropped in was Tom Clare, 23, who was followed by Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown, 25, and David Salako, 24. But with the influx of new people, it’s likely those working on set will be hoping it doesn’t mean things get even more dirty. This weekend a worker on the series revealed the villa is usually an ‘absolute tip’, with ‘used tampons’ left around in a previous series. Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. Love Island continues on Sunday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Shaq Muhammad and Tanya Manhenga admit to getting ‘down in dirty’ and having sex in the Hideaway MORE : Dumped Love Island 2023 star Haris Namani ‘was seeing someone when he entered villa’ 