Venus is moving into your sector today which may have a positive impact on your star sign. For Taurus, your sector of goals may light up. So you could make a point of networking, attending events and connecting with those who have influence. With Venus moving into your lifestyle zone Virgo it might be time for a well-deserved break. Maybe it’s time to indulge in some self-care. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 3, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 As delectable Venus moves into your sector of teamwork and friendship, her presence gives you an uplifting boost. Exciting opportunities can result from this. Looking to move in new circles? This is the ideal time to do so, with options for romance looking good. Jupiter in your sign is bringing out the best in you, and the focus on Capricorn is keeping your feet on the ground. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Your sector of goals lights up, with charming Venus moving in from today. Make a point of networking, attending events and connecting with those who have influence. Need to make an impression? You’ll find it easy to talk to others from all walks of life, which is to your advantage, Taurus. A makeover now could help spice up your image and give your street cred a boost. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 As convivial Venus leaves Capricorn and sashays into Aquarius, you’ll be eager to enjoy life to the max. This convivial planet will also be in your sector of travel and new experiences, so you’ll be looking to embrace more of life. During this time, a taste for the exotic can encourage you to visit new places. Anything that expands your horizons could bring you a lot of pleasure, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With Saturn in a deeply emotional zone and the sign of Aquarius, it can be easier to distance yourself from ongoing issues and reflect on them from a more detached perspective. With companionable Venus moving into this sector today, it also applies to matters around finances or relationships. An intuitive approach to finding solutions could bring positive gains. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Where do your priorities lie? Mixing with key people can bring opportunities your way that may be worth looking into. And your plans could change the more you get involved. Plus, with luscious Venus entering your relationship zone, you’ll enjoy moving in new circles. With a buoyant aspect developing, it would be no surprise if you met someone who is very good for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You certainly have plenty to do, Virgo. You may have so many new ideas and projects on the go that there seems to be no end to your tasks. And yet you’ll also be keen to pick up skills that can help you be even more productive and efficient. In addition, lovely Venus moves into your lifestyle zone from today. Need a well-deserved break? It’s time to indulge in some self-care. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Sweet Venus moves into Aquarius, where she could enhance creativity and improve your love life, Libra. You can make use of Venus’s diplomatic skills when dealing with children or when handling any issues or misunderstandings. Her presence here encourages you to be more creative, and might inspire you to showcase more of your work. You’ll enjoy cultural activities too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Prudent Saturn has been in your home zone for some time, which may have brought change of a practical nature around property and domestic matters. From today harmonizing Venus moves in, bringing a chance to resolve any issues you’ve experienced, but also to get stuck into some redecorating. If you’re keen to give your place a lift, then some new paint could work wonders. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A soothing influence beginning today, can make a difference to discussions and interactions. Had some fascinating encounters lately? There may be plenty more to come, and it is these that could form the basis of new plans and opportunities. You might not see eye-to-eye with everyone though, and this is where a diplomatic touch can pave the way for positive future developments. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Does someone’s attitude grate on you? You may be ready to say something, and perhaps it’s time you did if it helps clear the air. They might have different values to you, or they could expect a lot and seem to give little back. Setting firmer boundaries can be one way to get the message across. Venus’s positive input suggests listening intently to them may help turn this around, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Sparkling Venus moves into your sign from today, encouraging you to embrace new relationships and friendly developments that have occurred lately. With so much going on, there are times when you could feel out of your depth. But if you can simplify your schedule, you’ll begin to feel more in control. This is a good time to invest in a makeover. It will enhance your confidence. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Your affections may be expressed behind closed doors, Pisces. Venus’s move into Aquarius and a private zone, encourages you to keep a romance or developments within a relationship private. You might want time to yourself to enjoy a sweetening bond, or to sort out in your own mind your best course of action. This is also an opportunity to be kinder to yourself in general. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for December 25 to December 31 MORE : What’s in store for the year ahead? Your star sign’s 2023 tarot horoscope for love, work, money and more MORE : Mars retrograde slows everything down – your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the period