Chrissy Teigen has posted another picture of her newborn daughter Esti, who she shares with John Legend, and the cuteness is overwhelming. The model and, 37, Ordinary People singer, 44, welcomed their bundle of joy on Friday January 13, with John reportedly confirming the news at a private concert. The couple then broke their social media silence a few days afterwards, posting a photo on Instagram of the little girl all bundled up while being adored by her older siblings, Luna, six, and Miles, four. The cookbook author also revealed the tot’s name was Esti Maxine Stephens, adding that: ‘the house is bustling and our family could not be happier 💕.’ In her latest post, published on Tuesday, Chrissy shared a close-up picture of her darling daughter’s face, writing: ‘look at u out here lookin like a baby.’ Celebrities were quick to fawn over little Esti, with Kris Jenner penning: ‘Soooo beautiful just like her mama 💕💗💕💗.’ Modern Family star Jesse Tyler Ferguson added: ‘Congratulations!!!!’, while Big Bang Theory actor Kaley Cuoco said: ‘Oh em gee what a beaut!!!!!!’ Chrissy announced she was pregnant again in August 2022, two years after she and John suffered the loss of their son, Jack. In October 2020, the Lip Sync Battle presenter underwent an abortion to save her life, while her baby had ‘no chance’ of survival, having previously believed she’d had a miscarriage. When she revealed her pregnancy, she wrote on social media: ‘The last few years have been a blur of emotions to say the least, but joy has filled our home and hearts again.’ Sharing photos of her bump, she added: ‘1 billion shots later (in the leg lately, as u can see!) we have another on the way.’ ‘I don’t think I’ll ever walk out of an appointment with more excitement than nerves but so far, everything is perfect and beautiful and I’m feeling hopeful and amazing. Ok phew it’s been very hard keeping this in for so long! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share first photo of newborn baby daughter in heartwarming snap and reveal name: ‘We are in bliss’ MORE : Chrissy Teigen and John Legend welcome new baby: ‘What a blessed day’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 