When house-hunting in London, it’s rare to come across anything on the market for less than £300,000. This Streatham house, however, is due to be auctioned with a guide price of £40,000, representing a bargain way to get on the ladder – but there’s a catch. The mid-terrace property comes with three sizeable bedrooms and a large back garden (like hen’s teeth in the capital), alongside two reception rooms and a kitchen. Although the South West London home’s decor – featuring ’70s carpets and run down fittings – is in need of an update, it’s in surprisingly good condition given the low price point. The reason behind this massive discount is actually the place’s leasehold agreement, which runs out in just two years. Prospective buyers will have to fork out to extend the current 99 year lease that started in 1926. They may also struggle to get a mortgage, as lenders tend to steer clear when there’s so little time left on the term. The listing reads: ‘The property is held on a 99 year lease from 25th March 1926. Thus approximately two years unexpired.’ Extending a lease can take up to a year and costs depend on the freeholder’s premium and the professional fees (such as solicitor’s services) incurred. It’s certainly not ideal, but given the average price of a property in the same area is £618,859, it may be worth the extra effort and cash. The home, which will be put under the hammer by Auction House London, is fit for a large family and is vacant and ready to move into. From the outside, the property boasts a spacious back garden in great condition, perfect for children to play in. Inside, the living room comes with a large window and plenty of room to create your perfect space. Although compact, the kitchen comes with a range of appliances including an oven and fridge, while the bathroom suite features a tub and overhead shower. The listing continues: ‘The property comprises a three bedroom mid terrace house arranged over ground and first floor levels. ‘The property requires a program of refurbishment.’ The agent highlighted the house’s proximity to green space at Rowan Park, as well as the nearby transport hub of Streatham Common station for commuters. The property will be auctioned at 9am on Thursday February 8 with a guide price of £40,000. Check out the listing and enquire to view via Auction House London. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What does the Year of the Rabbit mean? Traits, compatibility, and 2023 horoscope MORE : What I Own: Daisy, who took out a loan to buy her 6ft-wide houseboat for £25,000