The House adjourned on the second day of a once-in-a-century deadlock after the Republican Party’s leader fell short of votes needed for the speaker role for a sixth time. With no resolution for the second straight day, the House on Wednesday afternoon adjourned for a few hours. Lawmakers reconvened at 8pm, but quickly adjourned the meeting until Thursday at noon. The first adjournment came after Republican Rep Kevin McCarthy failed to garner the 217 votes he needed to win the speakership on the fourth, fifth and sixth ballots. McCarthy after the House adjourned for the night said he did not want another vote that day because lawmakers had not reached a deal his opposition. A group of 20 Republicans banded together to vote against McCarthy. On all three ballots on Wednesday, McCarthy got 201 votes, another Republican nominee Byron Donalds received 20 votes, Democratic leader Hakeem Jeffries got 212 votes. There was one present vote. While leaving the House floor after the sixth vote, McCarthy said he would sit and speak with his colleagues and that ‘we will get to 218 (votes), we’ll solve our problems and we will all work together’. ‘You see the number of votes. We have 90% of the votes,’ McCarthy told CNN. ‘I’ve never seen a body where 10% is going to control the 90%. It just doesn’t happen.’ The House had adjourned late afternoon Tuesday on the opening day of the 118th Congress after McCarthy failed to secure the speakership on three ballots. Some lawmakers warned that allowing the stalemate to drag on longer could result in McCarthy losing more votes. Earlier on Wednesday, McCarthy said he was not concerned if the group of GOP members opposing him grew on the fourth ballot. ‘It doesn’t matter,’ he said at the time. ‘I have the most votes.’ McCarthy’s allies negotiated with their colleagues on the House floor between votes in an effort to drum up more support. Ahead of the House convening on Wednesday, former President Donald Trump publicly endorsed McCarthy on his Truth Social platform. ‘Some really good conversations took place last night, and it’s now time for all of our GREAT Republican House members to VOTE FOR KEVIN, CLOSE THE DEAL, TAKE THE VICTORY,’ wrote Trump. ‘REPUBLICANS, DO NOT TURN A GREAT TRIUMPH INTO A GIANT & EMBARRASSING DEFEAT.’ But Trump’s nod failed to swing votes for McCarthy. The House cannot conduct any of its business until a speaker is elected. In 1923, the last time that the House failed to nominate a speaker on the first roll call, the vote went to nine ballots. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.