Kevin Spacey has picked up a lifetime achievement award in Italy, days after appearing in court in London via videolink where he denied fresh accusations of sexual offences. The actor, 63, faces the new charges having previously denied five allegations relating to three other men, now aged in their 30s and 40s. It is the second time Spacey has been in court in relation to the new historical accusations, having appeared in Westminster Magistrates’ Court via video link in December. Days later, the House of Cards actor was honoured with an award for contributing to the growth of cinema, giving his first official speaking engagement in Turin. Shortly after giving his speech on Monday, Spacey told local news agency Ansa: ‘I live my life every day, I go to restaurants, I meet people, drive, play tennis, I’ve always managed to meet generous, genuine, compassionate people. ‘I haven’t hidden away, I haven’t gone to live in a cave.’ In his speech, Spacey thanked the National Museum of Cinema in Turin for having ‘le palle’, translating to ‘the balls’, to invite him. ‘I am truly blessed, and grateful and humbled,’ he said. ‘My heart is very full toward the Museum of Cinema for having had the “palle” to invite me tonight.’ He added: ‘By presenting this award, they are making a strong defence of artistic achievement and for that, they should be applauded.’ The two-time Academy Award winner faces seven new charges, including three counts of indecent assault, three counts of sexual assault and one count of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent. Each of the alleged offences took place between 2001 and 2004. The actor is accused of sexual touching, touching over clothing and forcing the complainant’s hand against his privates over clothing. In court last Friday, Spacey appeared via video link where he confirmed his identity and pleaded not guilty to the seven new sexual abuse charges against one man in the early 2000s. Spacey has now been granted unconditional bail and will face a four-week trial on all charges on June 6. A pre-trial review is due to take place on April 5. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kevin Spacey denies seven more sexual offences as he appears via videolink at court in London MORE : Kevin Spacey appears in UK court via video-link faced with fresh accusations of historical sexual offences 