Christine McGuinness and Chelcee Grimes grinned from ear to ear as they enjoyed a catch up in the New Year after sharing a kiss at Winter Wonderland. The Real Housewives of Cheshire star, 34, announced her split from TV presenter husband Paddy McGuinness last year and has been bonding with the songwriter, who has penned tracks for Dua Lipa. In the star’s latest Instagram update, she shared a montage of pictures, cinluding one fo a misty rooftop pool and a model cat, as well as with the footballer. The pair are wearing matching jumpers and wrapped their arms around each other as they stuck a pose in a swanky bathroom toilet. Christine captioned the post: ‘A little Chrissy catch up, I’ve missed you,’ while Chelcee responded with a heart emoji. It comes after the influencer and mother-of-three posted a sweet video montage of her 2022 hat contained plenty of snapshots of the duo together. Sharing plenty of selfie videos and red carpet moments from the last 12 months, Christine uploaded the clip with the caption: ‘More than ready for 202FREE HNY Thank you for sticking with me this year I appreciate you [sic]’. The singer-songwriter penned: ‘What a year. Proud of you here’s to 2023 < that’s Nozeco [sic]’ to which Christine responded: ‘where are we going next year [sic]’. In December, photos of the friends emerged that showed the pair kissing on a bench at Winter Wonderland after the McGuiness’s made their split announcement. In July, Christine kept her followers in the loop, releasing a statement about the ending of her 11 year marriage that read at the time: ‘We’ll always be a loving family, we still have a great relationship and still live happily in our family home together.’ The reality star and sportswoman met while competing at The Games and were said to have been ‘inseparable’ ever since, jetting off to Crete for a holiday together. Metro.co.uk previously contacted Christine and Chelcee’s reps for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Christine McGuinness tried to be the ‘perfect wife’ to Paddy McGuinness before their split MORE : Christine McGuinness and Chelcee Grimes plan to ‘make more memories’ in 2023 as star shares sweet video montage 