Alec Baldwin’s lawyer has slammed the decision to prosecute him over the Rust shooting as a ‘terrible miscarriage of justice’. Earlier today, it was confirmed that the 64-year-old would face two involuntary manslaughter charges after he accidentally discharged a gun on the set of the Western film, in 2021, striking and killing cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. Director Joel Souza was also injured in the incident, but was later released from hospital. Discussing the outcome, Luke Nikas, of Quinn Emanuel, said via PA: ‘This decision distorts Halyna Hutchins’ tragic death and represents a terrible miscarriage of justice. ‘Mr Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun – or anywhere on the movie set. ‘He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds. ‘We will fight these charges, and we will win.’ Baldwin was handling the gun when it went off on the set, in November, 2021, but has always maintained that he did not know it contained a live round. Following a lengthy investigation, New Mexico District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies confirmed that charges will be filed. ‘After a thorough review of the evidence and the laws of the state of New Mexico, I have determined that there is sufficient evidence to file criminal charges against Alec Baldwin and other members of the Rust film crew,’ Carmack-Altwies said in a statement on Thursday. ‘On my watch, no one is above the law, and everyone deserves justice.’ Armorer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed will also be charged with two counts involuntary manslaughter. According to the DA’s office, via PA, they will both be ‘charged in the alternative’ — meaning a jury will decide not only whether the two are guilty, but also under which legal definition of involuntary manslaughter. Under New Mexico law, both charges are a fourth-degree felony and are punishable by up to 18 months in jail and a $5,000 fine. However, one definition would involve a firearm enhancement – or added mandatory penalty, due to the involvement of a firearm – meaning that the crime could be punishable by a mandatory five years in jail. The DA’s office has said that David Halls, who served as assistant director, signed a plea agreement for the charge of negligent use of a deadly weapon. No charges will be filed regarding the non-fatal shooting of Souza. The charges will be filed before the end of the month, after which each defendant will be issued with a summons and required to make a first appearance in court. They will then attend a later preliminary hearing, where cases will be presented to a judge – who will rule whether it will be taken to trial. It was confirmed that Baldwin had reached a settlement with Hutchins’ family last October, after they filed a lawsuit accusing the Rust producers of reckless behavior and cost-cutting measures. ‘We are pleased to announce today the settlement of the civil case filed on behalf of the family of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins,’ he said in a statement at the time. ‘Throughout this difficult process, everyone has maintained the specific desire to do what is best for Halyna’s son. ‘We are grateful to everyone who contributed to the resolution of this tragic and painful situation.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bafta defends nomination of only one woman for best director as CEO praises diversity of 2023 awards MORE : Nelly baffles fans with excessive blinking and weird eye rolling during performance at Juicy Fest in Melbourne  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 