Robbie Coltrane’s ashes have been scattered in New York City, following his death at the age of 72. The much-loved Harry Potter star died on October 14, with his cause of death later confirmed as multiple organ failure. Coltrane – who played Rubeus Hagrid in the wizarding franchise – received an outpouring of love from fans and co-stars following the shock news, with the likes of JK Rowling, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and many more sharing their favourite memories. It has now been revealed that the Scottish actor’s ashes have been scattered around his favourite places, after he said he ‘practically lived’ in New York in the 1970s. His son Spencer McMillan and sister Alice have been bidding one last goodbye to him by taking his ashes around Manhattan. One place his ashes were scattered include where a famous When Harry Met Sally scene was filmed. Coltrane is also known to have loved Katz’s Delicatessen on the Lower East Side, previously saying about the eatery: ‘Oh, the smell when they’d take the pastrami out of the oven. They put my photograph up, three down from Frank Sinatra. Proudest moment of my life.’ The diner, which is a hot spot for New Yorkers, became instantly recognisable in 1989, after it acted as the backdrop to the iconic, ‘I’ll have what she’s having,’ moment. As well as Katz’s, Coltrane’s ashes have also been scattered at Washington Square Park and independent cinema The New York Film Forum. American director Amos Poe – who cast Coltrane in Subway Riders in the late 1970s – shared a series of snaps to Instagram last month after he joined the actor’s children for the meaningful occasion. ‘Look at who stopped by, like the lost Scottish son of sorts, Spencer McMillan. He bring his father’s – Robbie Coltrane – ashes to spread in his beloved New York. Honored and befitting. First stop Washington Square Park…. then Katz’s deli, pastrami counter… the Film Forum…’, he wrote. His photos captured him sharing a tight hug with Spencer, and emptying some of the late film star’s ashes into the soil. It was revealed on the Cracker star’s death certificate last year that he had been suffering from sepsis, lower respiratory tract infection and heart block ahead of his death. Coltrane had faced health problems for a number of years, including osteoarthritis, which left him with prolonged and often ‘crippling pain.’ Speaking in 2016 about his ‘constant’ pain, he shared that an exploratory operation found he had no cartilage left in one of his knees. Coltrane is now widely remembered for his loveable role in Harry Potter, after beginning his lengthy career in the sketch series Alfresco, alongside Stephen Fry, Hugh Laurie and Emma Thompson. Praised by his agent as a ‘unique talent,’ the star of the big and small screen also shared a Guinness World Record for winning three consecutive best actor Baftas for his portrayal of Fitz in Granada TV’s series Cracker in 1994, 1995 and 1996 with Sir Michael Gambon. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michael Levin, much-loved star of Ryan’s Hope, dies aged 90 MORE : TV chef Brian Turner, 76, reveals during live Saturday Morning appearance that he suffered a stroke last year 