This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. As a nation, we love our morning coffees. According to the British Coffee Association, the UK drinks approximately 98 million cups of coffee a day. And going to cafes is now more popular than ever – with 80% of Brits who visit a coffee shop doing so at least once a week. However, the boom in coffee culture comes with an environmental cost. With almost half of coffees and hot drinks now sold in disposable cups, a massive 2.5 billion coffee cups are used and thrown away in the UK. That’s enough to stretch around the world roughly five and a half times. Despite the notion that disposable coffee cups are widely recycled, the actual figure is less than 1 in 400 – only 0.25%. If your new year’s resolution is to cut down on your disposable coffee cup habits, you may want to consider buying a reusable coffee cup. Not only are these good for the planet, but many high street and independent coffee shops will offer a discount if you buy a coffee using your own cup. Below are five different coffee cups for you to start your year with. Stainless steel thermal mug – Primark, £7.00 Made out of 100% stainless steel, this mug is cheap, but reliable. The price is also lower than many of its competitors – so is a good mug to start off with. It can keep hot chocolate, coffee and even soups warm for a few hours. It keeps drink nice and warm for 2-3 hours, so is a good choice for quick trips, or a morning library session. Any longer, and you might need to reheat your drink – which means it’s not the best for longer journeys. The design feels very natural – as if you’re drinking out of a usual mug – while the drinking part slides back so there’s no risk of spillage. Buy from Primark. Contigo Byron Travel Mug – Tesco, £12.50 Slightly pricier than Primark, but this is a solid and trustworthy coffee mug on the go. Like the above, this is a 100% stainless steel mug and BPA free, with a soft grip making it comfortable for your hand to hold. Also with Contigo’s SnapSeal feature, it allows you to ‘seal the cup shut’ to avoid any embarrassing spillages once you’ve had a slip. This makes it good to hold in car cup holders and bags – you can even tip it upside down once it’s shut! It also keeps your drinkers warm for 6 hours, and cold for 12 hours – making it perfect for longer coffee needs. It’s available in two colours – black and dragon fruit. You can usually find it in store, or buy online from Tesco. Circular and Co Leakproof Coffee Cup – John Lewis, £13.95 Nearly at £15, this coffee mug may cause your bank account to take a hit, but it’s great for the eco-conscious drinker. Not only are you saving the world by using a reusable cup, it’s also made from recycle-able paper cups that would otherwise end up in landfill. Once your Circular and Co cup is at the end of it’s life, don’t throw it in the black bin as it’s 100% recyclable. They’re also dishwasher safe, and according to the company, can ‘last up to ten years.’ However, drinks are only left warm (or cold) for 60-90 minutes, making this a short term option. The coffee cup also boasts a leakproof lid with a push mechanism – making it easy to open with only one hand. It’s also a well designed cup, making it pleasing for the eye too. Buy from John Lewis. Typhoon Glass reusable Coffee Cup – La Redoute, £11.20 Moderately placed in the middle when it comes to the price, this is a go to for a stylish coffee mug. The difference between this coffee cup and others is that it’s made of glass, as opposed to stainless steel. While your drink will be warm in here, it isn’t specifically for keeping drinks hot for a certain amount of hours, but simply to hold your drink in. It’s reusable, recyclable and microwave and dishwasher safe. It’s also got a splash proof silicone lid so doesn’t close shut, unlike the others, and the cup doesn’t stain or smell. Buy from La Redoute. Costa’s Bean 2 Cup – Costa, £15.00 Most high street coffee shops now sell reusable coffee cups, such as Costa. The priciest of them all, this coffee cup features a unique wavy feature. Of course, it also has the famous coffee chain’s brand written on it, and is found in two colours: light or dark grey. It features a ‘push down lid’ feature to drink, and doesn’t leak, making it great for commutes. The coffee mug also keeps hot drinks warm for a few hours. When you use any reusable coffee cup in Costa, club members will get an extra bean for free, which means every fifth drink you buy is free. Available from Costa online and in store. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Railway coffee shop takes ‘devastating’ £42,800 hit after station closes in strikes MORE : McDonald’s ‘rip off’ small coffee company with design for festive cups MORE : Boxing Day shopping habits revealed – with average shopper to spend £229 in the post-Christmas sales