In Cardigan, a town in West Wales, an opulent 17-bedroom mansion has gone on sale. Built in the 19th century, the decadent stately home was once owned by the Queen’s cousin. Now, it’s on the market for £4,000,000 – and it has the potential to become a luxurious hotel. Penylan Mansion, which sprawls across 13 acres, underwent an elaborate 20 years of restoration to be ready for sale again. Lady Audrey Beatrice Morris, who happens to be a distant cousin of the late Queen Elizabeth II, lived there in the 1930s. Now a Grade II Listed property, it was restored with hand-made four-poster beds, marble worktops and alabaster fireplaces. The sweeping staircases wouldn’t be out of place in Bridgerton’s regency palaces, while the ballroom and swimming pool provides endless opportunities for royal relaxation. The property comes with a fully self-contained home within the main building and three separate cottages. Penylan Mansion was designed by the renowned architect Edward Haycock, and constructed around 1854 on the site of an older, 18th-century residence. It was extended and redecorated around 1905, with intricate stencilling, painting, and cornice work. It was then thought to be owned by Lady Audrey Beatrice Morris, the daughter of a Viscount. Lady Morris married Edward John Stanley, sixth Baron Stanley of Alderley, in 1932. They had a daughter but later divorced, in 1936. Lady Morris married again in 1945, to a man named Gwyn Rhyse Francis Morris. She died in Somerset, in 1994. The main property opens up onto a grand foyer, leading to the central entrance hall with its original staircase. Two large rooms sit on either side of the hall, one a dining room and the other a drawing room. The ballroom sits next to the drawing-room, with a window overlooking the gardens. The sprung floor, full-length mercury mirrors and intricate cornice and panel work could easily pass for a set on Bridgerton. There’s also a large sitting room, a private study, another, smaller reception room, a cloakroom and a whole room just for boots. The gym and pool are on the ground floor too, alongside the kitchen. There are14 bedrooms, five baths or shower rooms and a luxurious dressing room on the first floor. The biggest has a huge bay window overlooking the gardens and a huge four-poster bed. Upstairs on the second floor used to be the servants’ quarters. That’s been replaced with three bedrooms and a bathroom. The 13 acres of greenery outside include gardens, fields, woodland and a large lake, which was dredged and re-lined by the current owners. The former coach house has been converted into two separate cottages with a triple garage and storage, and there is a further two-bedroom detached cottage as well as additional parking and unconverted outbuildings. James Skudder, of the Country Living Group, said the property was painstakingly restored by a local family who had lived there. They have decided to ‘downsize’, and sell the mansion. He said: ‘They are realistic that they won’t be able to maintain the upkeep going years down the line. ‘The house is one of the most remarkable properties in the UK and the mansion has enjoyed an interesting previous life, including as a school. ‘Due to the expansive living accommodation throughout the entire house, I think the ideal buyer would look to move this into a boutique-style hotel. There is fantastic commercial potential here.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Incredible £10million abandoned mansion found kitted out in 60s glamour MORE : Escape to the Chateau mansion goes up for sale… and it’s the same price as a one bedroom flat in London MORE : Mansion for sale with a catch: Tenants paying £250 a year won’t let you view it