Jeremy Renner has returned home from the hospital more than two weeks after his snow plow accident. The Hawkeye star, 52, was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries on January 1 after he was accidentally run over by his own machine – while trying to help a stranded family member. He was ‘crushed’ by the vehicle and had been recovering at the Renown Regional Medical Center in Reno, Nevada, sharing health updates from his hospital bed. Taking to Twitter on Monday, he revealed that he was able to return home and watch the season two premiere of Mayor of Kingstown – in which he stars in the lead role – surrounded by his loved ones. Responding to a tweet from the program’s official account, he penned: Outside my brain fog in recovery, I was very excited to watch episode 201 with my family at home.’ Followers were delighted by the news, and rushed to wish the Marvel icon a speedy recovery. ‘Fantastic news. you are at home, released from hospital then,’ a fan said. ‘This Tweet is just so sweet and humble rarely do you see a star share casual moments like this. Get well soon.’ ‘Of course you were, it was positively amazing, being at home with the most precious people to us is where we always want to experience our accomplishments,’ another agreed. ‘We are still praying for you everyday and will continue to do so. Much Love to you and your family.’ ‘Glad you’re doing better Jeremy. It was a blow to so many when we found out you got hurt,’ one posted. ‘Thats great news. I’m glad you’re finally home with your family now,’ a Twitter user replied. ‘Sending all my love and prayers as you continue your recovery. Get well soon Jeremy [sic].’ As a commenter added: ‘Glad to hear your home take it easy rockstar. Episode 201 was awesome, can’t wait to see the next episode [sic].’ Jeremy was severely injured after his seven-ton plow crushed him at his home near Lake Tahoe, on New Year’s Day. It was later announced by Washoe County Sheriff Darin Balaam that he was assisting a family member as they attempted to free a vehicle that had been stuck in the snow. He was airlifted to hospital and has since undergone two surgeries – one to place metal pins around his legs and another operation on his chest. Following the ordeal, he has been sharing glimpses of his time in hospital on social media – including his 52nd birthday celebrations. Jeremy also revealed that he was missing his snow-covered home, but implored people to be safe in the plummeting temperatures. His sister, Kym, has offered a health update in a chat with People Magazine, telling the publication: ‘We are so thrilled with his progress. ‘If anyone knows Jeremy, he is a fighter and doesn’t mess around. He is crushing all the progress goals. ‘We couldn’t feel more positive about the road ahead.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans baffled by Haris Namani claiming he’s ‘never been in a relationship’ after finding videos on TikTok MORE : Madonna announces 40th anniversary The Celebration Tour – and it’s coming to the UK  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 