Tree lovers were left devasted after a ‘famous’ beech that had been a local favourite for generations was chopped down. The monumental Copper Beech Tree which has been in Matlock Bath, Derbyshire for decades was lopped down after it posed a flood risk. The tree, which was privately owned and subject to a Tree Preservation Order, was cut down due to concerns about potential damage to the retaining wall above the river and flood risk to the A6. Residents were upset after the tree that has been growing at the road side of the river between a fish and chip bar and a retail shop had been chopped down was given the axe. Resident Paul Thornley said: ‘I don’t know the reason for cutting down the tree but everyone I’ve spoken to is shocked and disappointed. ‘I never understand why they cut down what seems to be healthy trees. There could be a genuine reason, I just think it’s a shame as it was a lovely old tree. Everyone who visited Matlock Bath must have looked at it, such a shame it’s not there anymore.’ Residents commented on Facebook saying the tree was stunning and should not have been sacrificed. Ella Mcmanus said: ‘I am heartbroken. There was so much represented by that tree! It was there long before the chip shop and the pavement. What an absolute travesty!’ Freda Hallsworth added: ‘Takes years for a tree to grow and minutes to cut it down. I hate to see trees being sacrificed to get a bit more room for people or because the falling leaves make a bit of mess.’ Jonathan Shepherd said: ‘Having grown up in the village I loved that tree but I have thought its days were numbered as it got bigger, largely due to its proximity to the river wall, the roots were going to push the wall out, then you would lose the tree and have to rebuild the wall.’ A Derbyshire County Council spokesperson said that it would be preferable if the tree could be pruned rather than felled to manage the risk as it was a significant amenity in the local area. They added: ‘While we had suggested pruning the tree may be a solution, our final recommendation to the council was that if the tree was in our ownership we would remove it as we could see it was damaging the wall significantly. We also advised that every effort should be made to protect the riverbank walls because of recent flooding in the Derbyshire Dales. We apologise for our initial error around the final advice given and any confusion this may have caused.’ Derbyshire Dales District Council spokesman said: ‘We issued consent following an application from the private landowner, taking into account the condition of the tree and the damage that was being caused to the river wall. Consent is conditional on planting a replacement tree (a Yoshino Cherry).’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.