We’ve all been gripped for three seasons following Chicago exec Emily and her journey in Paris, but if she’s inspired you to take a trip you may want to consider visiting places more off the beaten path. After all, Emily was hired by a marketing firm to give an American perspective on things. We all know it’s far better to explore Paris in a more authentic way – like a local. We’ve already covered how to do Paris with your best friend, but our below guide is for anyone wanting to discover the places that don’t appear in everyone’s Instagram stories. With that in mind, we’ve got all the hidden gems for you to explore as you arrive in the city of romance – and ones that will have your friends asking you for all the recommendations. Local expert and resident, Charlotte Altieri, says: ‘Paris is famous for art, fashion and food so what better way to spend a morning than discovering a local market? ‘For those searching for vintage finds, check out Saint-Ouen which is Paris’ most famous flea market and consider taking part in a local’s tour to discover the best stalls. ‘Looking for a more locals-only vibe? Check out Marché d’Aligre food and drink market where you can tuck into delicious food and drink tasters from all over France.’ Let’s face it, sightseeing can be tiring work – so why not end the day sipping on some world-class cocktails at the likes of Bar Tiger in the trendy neighbourhood of St-Germain-des-Prés? Charlotte says: ‘It’s only a two-minute walk from Church of Saint Suplice so ideal for after a day of exploring.’ While visiting the Eiffel Tower or taking a cruise down the River Seine are must-dos for any Paris first-timers, exploring authentic neighbourhoods is also a great way of discovering the true Paris. ‘Head out to areas such as Belleville as part of a street art tour with a local artist to discover more of the art community,’ says Charlotte. ‘From weaving your way through this vibrant area to finishing the tour looking over the city from the second highest hill in Paris, there are plenty of sights to be snapped.’ Looking for a place to eat for date night after a day of exploring the bohemian Montmartre neighbourhood? Charlotte suggests heading to Resturant Le Moulin de la Galette for traditional French food or even trying out Fichon – a favourite with locals. Then, take a romantic stroll to the lesser-known hilltops of the 18th Arrondissement – to take in the lights of the city. Charlotte adds: ‘While many opt for a cruise tour of the River Seine, consider visiting the Canal de l’Ourcq where you can rent small boats or play the famous French game Pétanque with locals. ‘Or, if you’re looking for more of a relaxed vibe, head to Canal Saint Martin where local Parisians love to spend a day or evening sipping on wine and tucking into delicious food.’ Looking for somewhere to enjoy rooftop drinks? Trust us you may end up wanting to gate-keep this one. ‘Head to Le Perchoir de l’Est – a secret rooftop bar where the entrance is hidden away in the train station below,’ adds Charlotte. If you’re looking to do something a little more refined, try the Latin Quarter. Tour the quaint narrow streets of this charming district and stroll upon the Jardin des Plantes, home to one of the city’s hidden vineyards. Charlotte continues: ‘Take in the vibes of the beautiful Place de La Contrescarpe Square, a hidden gem perfect for enjoying a crêpe at one of the many cafés – or even a post-tour drink at the buzzing bars, less known to tourists.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : New dog café in London serves doggy afternoon teas and has a ball pit MORE : Venture to Tokyo’s lesser-known neighbourhoods and escape the crowds MORE : Japanese culinary delights you need to try: From takoyaki to shabu-shabu