Lewis Capaldi had audiences in stitches this week as he had a very chill reaction to having underwear thrown on stage. The Scottish musician, 26, is world-renowned for his lovelorn, devastating ballads, his smooth voice and devastating lyrics. But as anyone even vaguely a fan of his will know, outside of his music Lewis is anything but serious. The star is no stranger to putting himself out there and even poking fun at himself to get a laugh out of fans, having previously posed half naked on billboards to promote his album and given out his phone number on Twitter. Things were no different this week as the acclaimed musician took to the stage at Sheffield Arena to perform his back catalogue of hits as well as new tracks from upcoming album Broken By Desire To Be Heavenly Sent, due for release later this year. And as he had the audience of thousands in awe of his command fo the stage and his incredible vocals, he also, at points, had them in tears of laughter. Photographs from the night saw an overzealous fan throw large white Y-ronts on stage, bearing the words: ‘Call for fun time Big Boy!’ On the other side, along with a phone number, was: ‘She’s a freaky girl!’ To fans’ delight, Lewis not only picked up the pants thrown at him, but opted to actually wear it on stage (albeit over his own outfit – no stripping off at this show.) Of course, this isn’t exactly out of character for Lewis – just a few days earlier he had gleefully picked up a bra thrown on stage to him and worn it himself. Kicking off his UK tour in Leeds on Saturday, Lewis originally held up the lacy bra that had been thrown in his direction in a confused way, as though he didn’t know what it was. But as the audience chanted for him to ‘put it on,’ Lewis was more than happy to give them what they paid for. ‘When I imagined the opening night of my sell-out arena tour, this isn’t what I was thinking,’ he joked at the time as the audience cheered. The new year has got off to a good start for Lewis, as along with his sell-out tur he has been nominated for a Brit in the song of the year with his number one hit Forget Me. He’s in good company too, as the likes of Harry Styles, George Ezra, Dave, and Ed Sheeran have all been recognised for their tunes. Should he win, the trophy will be a very nice addition to Lewis’ mantlepiece, which already boasts a song of the year gong thanks to Someone You Loved’s win in 2020. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lewis Capaldi at Utilita Arena, Sheffield review: A voice of remarkable, raw passion MORE : Cheeky Lewis Capaldi supported by fans in more ways than one as he puts on lacy bra during first tour show  