It wouldn’t be reality TV without a bit of branding and sponsored content  thrown into the mix. However, the Love Island bosses are having to think on their feet after a shipment of items including condoms and water bottles for the upcoming season didn’t turn up in South Africa, it’s been reported. Cameras are set to start rolling in the next few days for Winter Love Island, which will not only see a new group of singles enter the villa, but also the introduction of new host Maya Jama following Laura Whitmore’s exit. One of the perks of being an islander is receiving personalised items including the iconic water bottles and wheely suitcases with their names on them. However, the items for this season are currently somewhere at sea, it’s been claimed. Products including branded water bottles, suitcases and condoms were due to be delivered ahead of the start of filming, but the cargo ship they were on is yet to make it to Cape Town. ‘It’s a logistical nightmare. Everything should have arrived days ago,’ a source told The Mirror. They are also missing essential camera equipment, all of the iconic neon pink stash the islanders use, and the Love Island condoms and sexy lingerie that was destined for the hideaway retreat. Goodies from Ann Summers, which are part of a new link-up, have also failed to arrive. Things have got hot and heavy between contestants on the reality dating series in seasons past, so there’s usually plenty of protection on hand to ensure safe sexual practices. ‘They have stocked up on alternative condoms to make sure everyone is safe in the meantime,’ the source added. Metro.co.uk understands that islanders will be provided with alternative products while the production awaits the arrival of the branded items. While there’s likely to be plenty of new connections formed between the new islanders – who were introduced earlier this week and include a TV salesman, airport security officer, farmer and financial advisor – one has already said she’s been encouraged to avoid taking part in any intimate moments on TV. Anna-May Robey, a payroll administrator from Swansea, has spoken about how her parents and grandparents will be tuning in, so she ‘definitely wouldn’t have sex on TV’. ‘Obviously, with the sex, my parents will be watching, I’m sure my family will be supporting me,’ she added. ‘My grandparents will probably watch as well, I think that’s really something they do not want to see, as well as my dad.’ ‘My dad’s already warned me about that. We’ll wait until after Love Island.’ She said she was hoping to ‘find somebody nice’, but she would be setting boundaries in the villa. Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. Love Island launches on Monday January 16 at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island: What are the contestants’ social media rules for the winter series? MORE : How do you vote on Love Island 2023 as viewers choose first bombshell? 