A woman who was known to mental health services lay dead in a council flat for nearly four years before she was discovered. Laura Winham, 38, was found in a ‘mummified state’ in her home in Woking, Surrey, in May 2021 but it is believed she died in November 2017. This is the last month she had made any markings on her calendar, where she had written ‘I need help’ before she died. Laura had schizophrenia and, as a result, her family were not able to keep in touch with her. Her sister Nicky told the Daily Mail: ‘Contact with us seemed to put her under enormous strain. ‘She refused to see us and, in the end, we very sadly had to respect her wishes and leave her to professionals.’ But it seems that no one from Laura’s mental health team or social services checked on her for three and a half years. She was born with Goldenhar Syndrome which caused her spine to curve, she had major heart surgery at 18 and struggled with her mental health for most of her life. She had been sectioned twice and was referred for further treatment in 2014, after housing association staff noticed she was generally unwell and ‘believed people were watching her’. Laura would have been flagged to the system again in 2016, when there was no reply to any Department of Work and Pensions letters sent to her flat. Her Disability Living Allowance was halted and, just a year later, police reported to social services she had been self-neglecting and did not have enough food. Workers tried to call her, despite being told her phone was not working, and then sent a letter with details of nearby food banks. She did not respond and her case was closed within two weeks. The housing association tried to get into Laura’s house to do gas safety inspections but had no answer, and eventually cut off her supply in January 2019. Laura’s brother Roy and their mum Marilyn tried to get in touch again in May 2021 but obviously no one came to the door. They looked through Laura’s letterbox and called the police after noticing a foot coming out of a blanket. Nicky said: ‘There were so many warning signs, from the social care and mental health teams to her landlords, yet everyone seems to have turned a blind eye. ‘Laura has been so badly let down. It’s just heart-breaking to think of how she lived in her last few years, unable to ask for help, without anyone there for her, it’s just tragic.’ An inquest into Laura’s death is set to be held with the first review scheduled next week. Surrey County Council said: ‘This is a truly tragic case and our sympathies and deepest condolences are with Laura’s family and friends. ‘It’s important that every aspect of this complex case is reviewed and we’re committed to participating fully in the inquest process. ‘This will include providing any information that is needed to support the Coroner’s enquiries.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.