‘I would not survive retirement without another income,’ says Susan Buck, 67. ‘I [realised] I would have to go back to work.’ Prior to retirement, Susan dedicated her entire career to the NHS, where she worked as a speech and language therapist until the age of 55. She initially retired early back in 2012 on medical grounds, due to depression and anxiety. But last year, she was forced to join the growing number of ‘unretired’ Brits, who’ve been forced back into the workplace amid the rising cost of living. ‘I tried a variety of other jobs, including one in a shop. Given my health issues I was simply not up to it,’ she says, ‘so I began thinking of something I could do which wasn’t too stressful or strenuous. This is when I decided to start my own candle-making business.’ Although she’s enjoyed aspects of the work – particularly learning a new skill – it isn’t exactly what she’d planned for this decade of her life. ‘I never anticipated having to go back to work in my 60s and 70s,’ she says. ‘I had wanted to have free time at this point in my life to support my children and grandchildren.’ Unretirement is becoming more and more popular, and it’s not hard to figure out why. The cost-of-living crisis is plunging people into debt. Recent ONS data revealed that, like Susan, a whopping 67% of over 50s are considering returning to the workplace for financial reasons. The older population are also reporting being lonelier than ever. Of the over 50s surveyed, 46% also said they would return for social reasons, while 42% of those surveyed were keen to return to employment to improve their mental health. The past year has seen a surge in online searches for ‘unretirement’ by 680%, according to research by retirement living company Lottie. There was also a 400% increase in searches for ‘retirees going back to work’ and a 21% increase in searches for ‘part time work for retirees’.While some miss the workforce, many other retirees are reluctantly heading back, due to concerns around their pensions. When Susan first retired at 55, she initially believed she’d be able to access her pension early on medical grounds and was shocked to discover this was not the case. ‘I then realised that – unbeknownst to me – the State Pension age for women had been changed from 60 to 66 for women,’ she says. ‘This was not communicated to me.’ She now belongs to the WASPI group – a community of women whose acronym stands for ‘Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign’. ‘Like other WASPI women, this failure of the Government to communicate changes to my State Pension age meant that I was put under an enormous financial strain, having to rely on savings to tide me over to my 66th birthday,’ she says. ‘It was infuriating to me that I was having to do this because the Government had changed the retirement goalposts for 1950s-born women like myself without our knowledge.’ Now, Susan doesn’t think she’ll ever be able to stop working. ‘I do not foresee a time when I can retire as my State Pension does not cover my expenses,’ she says. ‘I imagine I will keep working until I can’t see the candles anymore.’ Of course, the great ‘unretirement’ is having a knock-on impact on younger generations, not least those who were hoping the grandparents would be able to assist with childcare. ‘I wish I could support more with picking up and dropping off children, so that they don’t have to spend so much additional money on childcare,’ Susan says of her family. Another issue is that of uncertainty. ‘I am constantly living in fear that something may happen to me to mean I can no longer work, like a stroke,’ she says. ‘If that happens and I lost mobility, I don’t know how I will be able to support myself.’ But unretirement isn’t just for necessity, sometimes it’s just hard to give your work up. This was certainly the case with Mary, 65, a retiree who promptly went back to work. She worked 30 hours a week for the NHS, but after retiring, she almost immediately returned to the same employer because she realised she wasn’t ready to give work up. ‘The decision was partly financial but mostly to do with retaining structure to my week – and because I love my work,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. Mary’s return to work was smooth. ‘It was really easy, my managers were supportive and were able to give me the hours I was prepared to work,’ she says. ‘An unexpected result was that I have a much more relaxed attitude towards work and work policies. ‘I don’t get hung up on the politics of the place, I do my best when I’m there, but I don’t think about work when I’m not there.’ She says work helps her mind to ‘stay active’. ‘My mind is kept active,’ I feel useful, I continue to do something I enjoy on a regular basis,’ Mary adds. ‘I have a sense of pride in continuing to contribute to the NHS. ‘I have money to spend on loved ones and I have great holidays and a better life financially. I would honestly say [to others] just do it.’ Julia, 65, on the other hand, took the decision to retire because of the long hours and management at her work. But she had left her job as a CBT therapist for just one month before deciding to head back into employment. She says it was both a ‘career and financial decision’ – because she spotted an ideal position advertised. She applied for the role as a specialist maternity counsellor in a different NHS trust, and post-retirement found out she got the job. ‘It was more hours than I wanted but there wasn’t a choice. I needed to supplement my pension,’ she says. Her new role presented challenges, not least getting acquainted with new IT systems. But she says she wasn’t phased by younger colleagues. ‘I really enjoyed working with the younger generations, especially after retirement,’ Julia says. ‘Attitudes towards other professions had changed for the better – I found that people were being more respectful. ‘There was also a huge mix of age ranges and I found the younger generations to be very helpful when I needed any support.’ Her advice for those who are also considering returning to the workforce? ‘If someone is unretiring I would suggest that they do a job that will give them pleasure, one that does not impose any restrictions on your life, (such as limiting when you can go on annual leave, changing your working hours) and doesn’t impact on your family life (caring for grandchildren),’ she says. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Full Moon In Cancer brings work/life balance to the forefront – your star sign’s forecast MORE : Around 15% of Brits think it’s unprofessional to engage in a workplace romance, says research MORE : Have you ‘end-zoned’ your job? Why this cynical workplace trend is so dangerous to your career