Grease, bits of food and a mouse infestation – these are the scenes which forced health officers to shut down a Chinese takeaway. Kensington Takeaway in Liverpool, Merseyside, was fined more than £6,000 after an inspection in August 2021. Officers from Liverpool City Council found mouse droppings all over the shop, including on packaging and food preparation equipment. There was grease and food debris in many places and holes were found where mice could get into the building. The conditions were so poor it was shut immediately due to an ‘imminent risk to health’. The director of the takeaway, Keihan Nikseresht Somehsaraei, has now been fined £5,200, as well as £750 in costs and a £190 victim surcharge. He pleaded guilty to 20 breaches of food safety hygiene regulations at Liverpool Magistrates’ Court on December 22 last year. District Judge Boswell said during sentencing there was a serious risk to the health of customers, adding ‘common sense tells you that the premises were unacceptable’. Following the forced closure, attempts were made to improve the premises and the takeaway was allowed to reopen. But after another inspection in March 2022, but mouse droppings were found again and regular cleaning was not taking place. Mice in food preparation areas can be harmful to human health because the rodents are known carriers of illnesses including salmonella, campylobacter, listeria and hantavirus. These can especially make vulnerable people such as children, the elderly and pregnant women very unwell. The takeaway reopened in April 2022 after another assessment by health officers. Kensington Takeaway is no longer operational and the premises are now under the management of new owners. The mayor of Liverpool, Joanne Anderson, said: ‘This case shows a shocking disregard for people’s health and the terrible state of the takeaway could have resulted in many customers becoming extremely unwell. ‘It’s a significant fine and highlights just how seriously we take these sorts of offences. ‘It is unacceptable to operate a business in this manner and we simply won’t tolerate it. ‘This case sends out a strong message to food outlets across the city – don’t be complacent. ‘Our team doesn’t just carry out one-off visits, they will come back to inspect any premises to check the appropriate standards are being maintained, and if they’re not, action will be taken. ‘I’d like to thank our environmental health team, the officers provide an incredible service across the city so that residents and visitors can, rightly so, expect the highest possible standards when they visit any food outlet.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.