Tourists who jetted off to ski resorts in Europe over the holidays have been faced with a slight inconvenience: a lack of snow. Pictures emerged this morning of a muddy artificial slope at the Gstaad Ski Resort in the Swiss Alps. It’s a famous destination for winter sports but, amid a record warm winter on the continent, is on track for becoming infamous for being snowless. Many fear the situation is getting ‘worse every year’ with skiing expected to become a ‘real luxury’ as location options are limited. Snow-making machines and cannons have been blasting artificial snow over resorts in an attempt to improve the slopes. Many resorts are still able to open, but runs may be icier or smaller than usual according to snow forecasts. But where will see the most snow over the coming weeks? Light snow is expected over the next few days, with a welcome heavy blanket of the white stuff due on Monday, January 9. After that, light snowfall is expected for the foreseeable future which will top up snow supplies. You can also peek into the conditions at Courchevel, which prides itself on being ‘the world’s ski capital’, via their slope webcams. The Swiss Alps is battling a warm winter, as the Gstaad resort has already shown. Zermatt, hugely popular for skiiers and snowboarders, is suffering a similar fate with less snow than usual. But 35cm of snow still adorns slopes, according to the resorts’s website. Light snow is expected this week and over this weekend – January  8 and 9 – before warmer conditions return. Fresh snow will fall on January 17 amid sunny weather. You can view weather conditions on the mountain via these webcams. Currently, 113 of the resort’s 164 runs are open with thick blankets of snow still seen on webcams. Light to moderate snow is expected over the next week. Long term, no heavy snowfall is forecast over the next ten days. Like in Zermatt, sun over the mountain could cause some runs to be icy. The Italian ski resort of Cortina d’Ampezzo will enjoy heavy snow on January 8 which could last for several days. It will hopefully help build a think bed for visitors, especially as only light snow is forecast over the following days. Heavy snow will return on January 17. St. Anton am Arlberg, Austria will enjoy a dusting of the white stuff over the next few days. On Sunday, heavy snow will lie over the region. The vast ski area boasts 300 km of marked ski runs, as well as a huge shopping centre at the bottom of the lifts. A weather update on the resort’s website reads: ‘On Monday, a cold front will result in weak snowfall above 1600m above sea level. ‘With a heavy and cold northwesterly wind, residual snow showers will approach our area on Tuesday.’ Check out webcam’s at the resort here. For Brits looking to get their ski on closer to home – Glencoe, the Lecht and the Cairngorms in Scotland are also options. Rain, rather than sun, will be the biggest issue facing winter sport fanatics travelling north, however. As winters at ski resorts are set to worsen, more investment is being put into artificial slopes. Britain’s biggest indoor ski runs are being planned for a Welsh mountainside, with the project due to cost £300million. The ‘world class’ resort would include an indoor ski slope built into the hills and a water park. A 575-acre site south of the Brecons Beacons National Park – less than three hours drive from London and Birmingham – has been earmarked for the plans which include building three hotels and 30 woodland lodges. If given the green light, the project is estimated to take two-and-a-half-years to complete. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.