The Emperor’s New Clothes is a Danish folktale that, after spending six hours in the company of Nicolas Winding Refn’s contribution to Netflix’s increasingly wayward canon, seems curiously appropriate. Because strip away the striking visuals, the portentous mood and intermittent pig-based grossness and what does Copenhagen Cowboy add up to? Precious little. This is not, in case you were wondering, a Danish western. Nor is it, as far as you can tell, set in Copenhagen. It’s called Copenhagen because NWR, as Refn likes to go by these days, likes the sound of the two words together. Crazy guy. The story, such as it is, follows the implacably unsmiling Miu (Angela Bundalovic), perhaps a latter-day witch or a supernatural miracle worker, as she is paid to work her magic and bring wish fulfilment to the assortment of eastern European gangsters and madames she is passed between. In other hands this might have the bones of a thriller but NWR, whose reputation has cruised a long way on the strength of the Ryan Gosling-driven Drive, is more interested in spinning his camera slowly through 360 degrees than anything approaching dramatic momentum. He likes creating striking stills that make you think he’d be better off taking up photography than working as a film director. He doesn’t give two hoots about creating a story that hangs together and Copenhagen Cowboy meanders from one artfully created set-piece to the next. This could work as an 80 minute arthouse movie but, as a TV show, it’s a severe test of patience, even for fans of the avant garde. Give NWR his due, he has a singular vision. But it’s one that’s infuriatingly opaque – and often crunchingly dull. Oh how I yearned, yippee yay-ay, for an actual cowboy to spur some life into this slumberfest. Copenhagen Cowboy is available to stream on Netflix. MORE : Happy Valley review: Sarah Lancashire’s triumphant return as Sergeant Catherine Cawood has bucked trend for rubbish revivals MORE : Prince Andrew The Musical review: Is the royal scandal really funny enough to be a satirical musical? 