Eagle-eyed Brad Pitt fans will have noticed that the star rocked up to events with a chipped tooth in recent months, but at Tuesday night’s Golden Globes, the dent was nowhere to be seen. Instead, the A-lister was sporting an immaculate set of gnashers, suggesting he’d visited the dentist before the award ceremony. While promoting his film Bullet Train in London and Paris back in July, a small piece of Pitt’s right front tooth was noticeably missing, but that certainly wasn’t the case at the glitzy bash. In fact, Pitt’s glistening smile almost stole the show and singlehandedly made the case for a new ‘best set of pearly whites’ category. The 59-year-old actor’s immaculate teeth may well have been the reason Regina Hall referred to herself as ‘Mrs Pitt’ while presenting an award. Taking to the stage to reveal who’d scooped the award for best performance by an actor in a television series, Hall quipped: ‘Hey everyone! Sorry, I think they got my name wrong… it’s Mrs Pitt.’ Pitt was seated next to his Babylon co-star Margot Robbie at the bash and the colleagues seemed very comfortable in each other’s company after spending months together filming their new Damien Chazelle-directed movie, which will hit UK cinemas later this month. Robbie recently admitted she was behind an impromptu kiss between the pair while shooting the movie, saying: ‘We were doing a party scene, and Nellie goes up to Brad Pitt’s character and Katherine Waterston’s character, and I was like, “F*** it. I’m just gonna kiss them and see what happens”. ‘They were a little bit shocked. I don’t know if it made it into the movie,’ she continued to W Magazine. Pitt also took time to pose with other big names out in force to help kick off awards season, being photographed with best actor in a motion picture musical or comedy winner Colin Farrell, who picked up the gong for his role in The Banshees of Inisherin. He was also seen chatting away with Farrell’s co-star Brendan Gleeson, who missed out on the best supporting actor in a motion picture award to Everything Everywhere All at Once’s Ke Huy Quan. Other famous faces the Fight Club star enjoyed conversing with during the ceremony were Donald Glover and Damien Chazelle’s wife Olivia Hamilton. He certainly made the most of those new teeth! MORE : Hugh Jackman shuts down rumours he took steroids while playing Wolverine: ‘I’ve got to be careful what I say here’ MORE : Selena Gomez dotes on baby sister Gracie, 12, as she treats her to night out at Golden Globes  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 