Justin Roiland, the co-creator and voice behind hit animated series Rick and Morty, has been charged with felony domestic violence, regarding an incident in 2020. Roiland, 42, has been charged with one felony count of domestic battery with corporal injury and one felony count of false imprisonment by menace, violence, fraud and/or deceit, according to the criminal complaint in the case, which has been obtained by NBC. According to the publication, the complaint – which was filed in May 2020 by the Orange County District Attorney in California – states that ‘the incident occurred on or around January 19 2020, against an anonymous Jane Doe who was dating Roiland at the time’. According to reports, Roiland pleaded not guilty to both charges in 2020, and on Thursday, appeared in court for a pre-trial hearing. A trial date has not yet been set. Public documents seen by NBC state that Roiland was arrested and released on a $50,000 bond in August 2020, before being arraigned in October that year. A protective order, which lasts until October 2023, filed in 2020 states Roiland is ‘not to harass, threaten or surveil’ the anonymous person in the protective order, and cannot go within 100 feet of them. Roiland has also been ordered to turn in any firearms in his possession or ownership. Thursday’s hearing saw Roiland’s attorney confirm that there is a plea offer available, before it was announced that the court will convene again on April 27. As well as co-creating (and voicing both main characters) Rick and Morty with Dan Harmon, Roiland has co-created Hulu show Solar Opposites, in which he voices Korvo. Roiland has also had roles in animated series’ Adventure Time, Gravity Falls and Fish Hooks. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Terrifying ghosts attack paranormal detective trio in thrilling first trailer for Joe Cornish’s Netflix drama Lockwood & Co MORE : Kai Ko Chen-tung suffers ‘serious disfigurement’ after drone accident on set of Netflix drama Agent From Above 