Tristan Thompson’s mother has died suddenly after suffering a heart attack. The 31-year-old, whose ex is Khloe Kardashian, had a terrifying ordeal after Andrea was rushed to hospital on Thursday (January 5) in Toronto. Sources later confirmed to DailyMail.com that the NBA player’s mother was unable to be resuscitated. Tristan is believed to have been in Los Angeles with Khloe at the time, with the pair swiftly leaving via private jet so he could be with his family in Canada. It’s believed that Khloe, 38, with whom Tristan shares daughter True, was also ‘very close’ to Tristan’s mother, and wants to ensure she supports him through the devastating time. Sources told TMZ that the Good American designer wants to ‘comfort him’ as he grieves, and is keen to be there for a ‘loved one in their most difficult time of need.’ Tristan frequently expressed his love for his mother, penning a heartfelt tribute to her on Mother’s Day a few years ago. Sharing a video of Andrea, he captioned it: ‘One day isn’t enough to praise and lift you high. Everyday is your day. Thank you for all the sacrifices you made for me and my brothers. I love you and I’m soo lucky to have been chosen as your son❤️. Not all superheroes wear capes.’ The last time Andrea featured on Tristan’s social media was in August 2019, when the sporting star shared a sweet snap of her holding baby girl True. He and reality star Khloe also share a baby boy, who was born last year via a surrogate. The former couple are no longer together and have not been romantically involved for some time now, due to cheating scandals of the past. However, they co-parent their kids, and still spend holidays and important milestones together. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Hanks has no time for people suggesting his children’s success in acting is down to nepotism MORE : Terminator actor Earl Boen dies aged 81 following lung cancer diagnosis  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 