Riley Keough has posted a picture of the last time she saw her mother, the late Lisa Marie Presley. Presley, the only daughter of acclaimed musician Elvis Presley, died suddenly on January 12 aged 54, leading to an outpouring of grief and love from around the world. The singer’s death was confirmed by her mother, Priscilla, after she was rushed to hospital following a cardiac arrest. On Tuesday, Riley shared a gorgeous snap of the last time she spent time with Presley. In the picture, The Daisy Jones & The Six actress is sporting a sparkly crop top while Presley is wearing a black suit jacket. She captioned the post: ‘I feel blessed to have a photo of the last time I saw my beautiful mama. Grateful @georgieflores took this. ❤️.’ Riley spoke for the first time since Presley died ahead of the public memorial on Sunday, posting a childhood snap on Instagram. In the black-and-white upload, she could be seen gazing lovingly up at her late mom while holding a huge bouquet of flowers. The Zola actress simply captioned the post with a red love heart, as fans flooded the comments below with support. At the Graceland memorial, which was attended by Elvis actor Austin Butler, an emotional poem written by Riley was read out, in which she revealed she had also quietly welcomed a child. Her eulogy read: ‘I hope I can love my daughter that way you loved me. The way you love my brother and my sisters. Thank you for giving me strength, my heart, my empathy, my courage, my sense of humour. ‘My manners, my temper, my wildness, my tenacity. I’m a product of your heart. My sisters are a product of your heart. My brother is a product of your heart. ‘We are you. You are us, my eternal love. I hope you finally know how loved you were here. Thank you for trying so hard for us. If I didn’t tell you every day, thank you.’ The singer was laid to rest following the memorial at the sprawling estate of Graceland in Memphis, Tennessee, where Presley was born, and where her son Benjamin Keough, who died by suicide in 2020, is also buried. The singer was laid to rest following the memorial at the sprawling estate of Graceland in Memphis, Tennessee, where Presley was born, and where her son is also buried. Ahead of the burial, Benjamin’s resting place was moved slightly, so his mother could be next to him. The family’s tombs are all located around the mansion’s famous backyard fountain, including that of Jailhouse Rock singer, Elvis. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lisa Marie Presley was a grandmother as daughter Riley Keough quietly welcomed baby with husband MORE : Lisa Marie Presley’s grave adorned with flowers as she lays to rest next to son Benjamin Keough following Graceland funeral  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 