A lot going on this week, in a very good way. Mercury turns direct on January 18 (thank goodness, normal service is resumed), Aquarius season starts on the 20th, and it’s a New Moon on the 21st. This is a week to be proactive, progressive, inventive, and positive. Apply, pitch, propose, book, add, invite, welcome, start! You will feel really energised and clear about your priorities. You will feel ready to play a bold hand and take a chance, and chances are that it will pay off handsomely. Let the tarot guide you, this week, to your new news. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Three of Cups Meaning: Live life well this week. Do stuff you’ve longed to. Get out your best clothes, fragrance, candles, treats and possessions and actually use them. Don’t save things for a rainy day, use them now. Don’t put things off, do them this week. Don’t make sacrifices, embrace indulgence and luxury and pleasure. Life is for living and the Three of Cups wants you to prioritise your own joy this week. Celebrate being alive. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Three of Swords Meaning: You have permission from the Universe to oust certain people, roles, situations, commitments, obligations, or weights from your life which have gotten to be toxic, negative, difficult, draining or even painful. Stop putting up with it. Stop putting on a brave face. This has been awful and you don’t deserve to keep carrying on. The Three of Swords tells you to surgically remove the bad stuff this week and start afresh. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Page of Coins Meaning: You are invited to activate a new cycle of education, learning, knowledge or research and I know this is music to your ears! The Page of Coins is the tarot’s perennial student, and one with purpose, one who is using the gaining of information or skill to better his own life situation and prospects. Live and learn and progress. What could you use in order to make more money? What talent can you sharpen up to earn a living from? Consider and act. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Eight of Swords Meaning: You are ready to break free from an old version of yourself and create a new 2.0 you. This is a real New Year turning of the page, the embryo of a new chapter. And it comes from a change within, a shift personally, a different outlook, that click moment in your head when you just see your own beliefs or behaviours as the barrier and you understand what you need to discard and how to replace those self-limiting thoughts. It’s all clear and obvious, and this is incredibly liberating. Here’s to the New You. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: The Tower Meaning: You have been struggling with the aftermath of a disaster, shock, setback or collapse in 2022. You put on a brave face, made the best of things, carried on… but, it is still hard. Leo, the worst is over. The Tower shows that, with this new energy this week, you will start to identify the silver linings of the past event, the necessary changes it has brought about, the strength you’ve shown and can now rely on. You start to think this was maybe all for the best and this enables you to begin a solid rebuild. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: The Empress Meaning: The Empress has you in a loving mood! You are ready to manifest your best-ever relationship/family/home life, to create the kind of ‘nest’ you’ve yearned to feel part of and build. You are all about your most important people and their welfare. You are all about making home feel safe, comfortable and even luxurious. You are all about eating well, living healthily, enjoying nature, being creative, and basically enjoying the best fundamentals of a happy, healthy life. This is your priority in 2023. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: King of Cups Meaning: The new energy and ambition of this week sees you looking to fix, repair, restore and improve any and all relationships in your life which are important but have faltered recently. The King of Cups is a compassionate, shrewd, wise and caring figure, who leads the mood, sets the tone, creates the right environment for love, forgiveness and healing to happen. This is you, this week. Use this powerful loving energy to mend fences, offer olive branches, express your feelings, and build bridges. This renewed bonds can be stronger than ever. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: The Devil Meaning: The Devil has you in a very powerful mood, phase and mindset. You are ready to face down and banish your own demons and to do something totally ground-breaking, daring and even a little outrageous. You are ready to own the consequences and willing to take the heat if it backfires, so just get on and do it. You have to break a few eggs to make an omelet, right? You do you, Scorpio, and to hell with what others say. The Devil has got your back. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: The Hierophant Meaning: Play time is over. It’s time to step up, take your ideas and skills and take them to the next level. The apprentice is becoming the new master. This is your life phase this week: rising up to take control of what you’ve been learning and using it to create your destiny. A big week! The Hierophant is a powerful teacher, mentor and leader. He has gifts and he also knows how to use them wisely and shrewdly. You are ready to do this too. It starts here. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Ten of Swords Meaning: The Ten of Swords reveals you want to invest your energy in extricating yourself from situations that don’t feel good anymore – be that in work, love, friendship, community, home, or family. What is dragging you down and holding you back, Cap? What has gotten increasingly difficult to justify being a part of, or upholding? Let it go. Use your new energy to cut ties with dead wood and dead weight this week. Free yourself up to let new, fresh energy flow in to your world. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: The Lovers Meaning: Time to get clear, resolute and focused on what it is you want, because you can have it all right now, Aquarius, but you have to know what all means. The Lovers sees you feeling indecisive, tempted, torn and conflicted about what really matters in 2023. So far, you’ve hedged your bets well. That won’t last. You need to focus and prioritise. Use this week’s forward thinking energy to make those choices, and then execute them. Time to move into a future you’re designing vs drifting into. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Three of Wands Meaning: This surge of new energy will bring with it a great many new opportunities, openings, possibilities and invitations this week. Be ready to spot them, seize them, and act on them promptly. They won’t hang around! Short, sharp little flurries of fresh energy and opportunity which you need to pounce upon and make something of before they evaporate or are grabbed by someone else. No time for dilly dallying. No time for procrastinating and pondering. Be ready, pro active and alert. The Three of Wands waits for no one. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2023 MORE : The Full Moon In Cancer brings work/life balance to the forefront – your star sign’s forecast MORE : What’s in store for the year ahead? Your star sign’s 2023 tarot horoscope for love, work, money and more