Will Smith and Martin Lawrence have confirmed that Bad Boys 4 is officially on the way and we’ve never been more ready. Three years after we last saw Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett on the big screen, the Hollywood icons confirmed that they will be tackling crime once again. In a video shared on both their respective Instagram pages, Will could be seen driving himself to his pal’s home, teasing a bombshell. ‘Yo! I’ve got an announcement. Y’all better stop scrolling, seriously,’ the 54-year-old yelled. ‘Let me give y’all a hint,’ he said before playing Shake Ya Tailfeather – from the soundtrack to Bad Boys 2 played out. ‘I wish I was you, not knowing what I’m about to show me,’ he added. The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air actor then left his car and knocked on an inconspicuous door, which was opened by none other than Martin, who yelled: ‘It’s about that time!’ ‘It’s official y’all! Bad Boys for Life. FOUR,’ they screamed to the camera, while bickering over the title. Famous faces joined fans in the comments below to share their excitement over the sequel. DJ Khaled replied: ‘Let’s go!!!!!’ ‘Wowowowowowowowow,’ DJ Jazzy Jeff agreed. ‘THIS IS ABOUT TO BE EPIC!!! Childhood relived again,’ a follower penned. ‘We ain’t ever gon get tired of y’all. 4Life [sic],’ one fan commented. As another agreed: ‘We’re READY for Bad Boy whatever number it is.’ The original Bad Boys came out in 1995 and the second flick later followed in 2003, with the third outing dropping in 2020. The fourth film in the Bad Boys franchise is officially in early pre-production, with Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah returning to direct the action, and Chris Bremner in charge of the script. Will is serving as producer beside Jerry Bruckheimer, Doug Belgrad and Chad Oman, while Martin is named as executive producer with James Lassiter, Mike Stenson, Barry Waldman and Jon Mone. Little else is known about the upcoming instalment, which comes after the third flick managed a whopping $426million at the global box office. It saw the close bond between Marcus (Matthew) and Mike (Will) tested after the latter was injured – and almost ended with the character being killed off altogether. Yes, seriously. In the flick, Isabel Aretas accidentally shot her son Armando, after he realized that Mike is his father – she had been aiming for the officer but hit her son instead. ‘We didn’t know how to wrap it up necessarily. So that’s why we had to try multiple versions. We did a lot of different versions,’ director Adil told Digital Spy. ‘One of the potential endings, which ended up being a favourite among the pair, saw Isabel kill herself while trying to murder Mike. ‘When she sees that all is lost, she wants to jump into the fire willingly, and she wants to take Mike Lowrey with her. Because she thinks the son is dead, so let’s all die together. ‘That was a version that was pretty epic and pretty Greek tragedy. It was too much, maybe [but] we’ll never know.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Late Beatles star George Harrison’s sister Louise dies aged 91 MORE : Lisa Marie Presley’s close friends slam Priscilla Presley for contesting will and accuse her of attempting to ‘money grab’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 