Welcome to How I Do It, the series in which we give you a seven-day sneak peek into the sex life of a stranger. For this week’s instalment, we hear from Lou, 52, who works as a sex and wellness influencer. Lou split from her husband recently and is loving the new lease on her sex life. She says her personal relationship with sex has ‘been all things.’ ‘Sex has been powerful, shameful, good, bad. Most recently, it’s been born again.’ she says. ‘I’m in control. For the first time in my 52 years.’ Now, she’d like her sex life to be exhilarating. ‘This old dog,’ she adds, ‘is looking forward to learning new tricks!’ Here’s a week in Lou’s sex life… Waking up in bed alone on a Sunday makes me feel really single. There’s a huge space where cuddles should be. Will I ever have sex again? It’s just coffee and some Instagram scrolling for me. I should probably get out of bed soon and do some jobs, but despite the cuddle-free situation, and not a sniff of Sunday morning sex, I’m enjoying being naked in bed alone. Sleeping naked makes me feel sexy. I only stopped wearing pyjamas because I started getting menopausal hot flushes at night, but it made me feel good and horny being naked. Thanks, menopause. It’s a new week, and I’m recording some reels for Instagram today, dancing in my knickers. It reminds me that I need to find a new bikini waxer. Things are out of control down there. It’s funny how a bikini wax makes me feel. Every time I have one, I realise no one has even noticed or cared about it in the time that passed since I got it done. I used to think that was sad, but those bikini waxes are for me now, not for anyone else. I often wish I could grow a nice 70s bushy bush, but it’s a bit thin on the ground now. Well, Tuesday took a turn. Lady Chatterley’s Lover on Netflix turned out to be exceptionally good. I settled down on the sofa with a cocktail at 6pm and loved every sexy minute of it. The best bit? When they danced naked in the rain. I went to bed with my vibrator and thoughts of how I could get my own gamekeeper. Saying that, I loved having the bed to myself. This single life isn’t all bad. I hate everyone’s hump day posts. It reminds me I’m not getting humped. I went cold water swimming at Brockwell Lido. Everyone’s doing it, so I thought I’d try it, which is weird because I don’t often like a trend. It’s such an incredible feeling. The tingling feelings and endorphin rush after you get out is so exciting. I feel invincible and sexy. I managed four lengths today, so I’m doubly proud. My tits look really perky when I get out too. Winning. Although I’m far too cold to even notice anyone else there. I still felt sexy as the day went on, so I started watching Outlander again tonight. This will be my sixth time around. Some days I just need to see a sexy topless man in a kilt running across the highlands of Scotland. I woke up and grabbed my vibrator this morning, even before my coffee. Working out definitely increased my confidence and made me feel sexier, but I’ve hurt my ankle falling over in platform shoes so can’t work out today. Starting the day with an orgasm seems like a good distraction as I’m missing the gym terribly. I went out for cocktails and sushi with the girls tonight. It was so much fun. There were three divorcees and one pal in marriage therapy. Put these women together and magic happens. Two of them are on dating apps, so we swap giggles and hilarious stories of the perils of online dating and gawp at random dick pics. I’m not ready to get back in the saddle just yet. Separating from my husband was brutal, and I’m loving my life alone right now. Making my own choices feels enough for now. I’m such a genius to have become a vibrator ambassador. Another box of samples to test arrived today, so I didn’t want to stay out late. I like to have whole date nights with myself where I dim the lights, put some music on, send prayers of gratitude to the universe and simply test vibrators. I made my excuses to leave the girls and went home to start testing this new batch. I noticed a lot of hot men running in the park this morning. It almost made me want to take up running again, until I remembered I hate running. I gave the dating apps another thought, but then decided I’m just too old and old-fashioned. I want to meet someone by accident. Does that still happen? I sure as hell hope so. I’ve had that bikini wax and someone needs to appreciate it before the next one. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’ve been a stripper for 23 years – I love my job’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m a new mum – this is the first time I’ve had sex since giving birth’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m a lesbian and slept with a man at a sex party – it was life-changing’