There’s a chance that Bridgerton season 3 will be missing Phoebe Dynevor’s magic, as the actress has suggested she will not appear in the new episodes. Fans are anxiously awaiting the return of Netflix’s beloved Regency era period drama, which focuses on the lives of the Bridgerton children and their quest to get married during the summer’s high society season. Season 1 focused on Daphne Bridgerton’s (Dynevor) electric romance with the Duke of Hastings, Simon Bassett (Rege-Jean Page), while season 2 followed the forbidden love of Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) and Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). It’s believed that season 3 will focus on Colin Bridgerton’s (Luke Newton) romance with Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan). Rege-Jean sadly did not make an appearance in season 2 but Phoebe appeared more as a background character, with her character’s brother Anthony stepping into the lead role. It seems Phoebe, 27, could be following in Rege-Jean’s shoes by skipping season 3 entirely, if her latest comments are anything to go by. When asked by ScreenRant if there are any ‘exciting dynamics coming up for Daphne in Bridgerton season 3’, the actress said at the Sundance Film Festival: ‘Sadly not in season 3. Potentially in the future.’ She added: ‘But season 3, I’m just excited to watch as a viewer.’ It was recently claimed that filming for season 3 had been delayed due to the screenwriter axing a ‘very dark’ storyline, but Metro.co.uk understood this not to be true. Earlier this month, the cast were spotted hard at work filming the new episodes in Bath, which provides the location for the Featherington’s family home. In October, Bridgerton star Adjoa Andoh teased what fans can expect from the next season, after viewers noted that there were fewer steamy sex scenes in the second outing than they expected. Speaking to Metro.co.uk at the Pride of Britain Awards, the Lady Danbury actor said: ‘It’s season three so there will be lots of things you’re familiar with.’ She continued: ‘There will be the next Bridgerton child, in this case Colin, and we’ll find out what his romantic outworkings are, there’ll be a bit of How’s Your Father, no doubt, there’ll be some lovely frocks, there’ll be some lovely locations. ‘I will have some trouble that comes at me in surprising ways, and it’ll be more of the same, but with surprises. It’s got extra glam to it this season, I would say.’ Bridgerton is available to watch on Netflix. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Netflix for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton cast layer up in splendid gladrags as they brace cold weather for season 3 filming in Bath MORE : Netflix releases first look image of young Lady Danbury in Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story 