Britney Spears has spoken out after concerned fans sparked a police welfare check on her property. Earlier this week, the 41-year-old decided to delete her Instagram page once again without any warning, leaving followers fearing the worst. The move came after she had changed her name to River Red on the platform, and addressed a drunken restaurant incident. It was revealed that deputies from the Ventura County Sheriff’s Office arrived at her home on Tuesday evening to check how she was doing following her social media blackout, with some fans requesting the move. Amid reports claiming that she was ‘annoyed’ and ‘angry’ by the intrusion, the Toxic singer posted a message on Twitter, sharing her thoughts on the incident. ‘As everyone knows the police were called to my home based on some prank phone calls,’ she began. ‘I love and adore my fans but this time things went a little too far and my privacy was invaded. ‘The police never entered my home and when they came to my gate they quickly realized that there was no issues and left immediately. ‘This felt like I was being gaslit and bullied once the incident made it to the news and being portrayed once again in a poor and unfair light by the media.’ ‘During this time in my life, I truly hope the public and my fans who I care so much about can respect my privacy moving forward. All the love, B,’ she concluded the post. Britney previously made headlines when she revealed her decision to change her name to River Red on Instagram, alongside a space-themed snap. In one of her last posts on the platform, she wrote: ‘I changed my name to River Red!!! Yet the fire is where it illuminates … to stare at it and jump right in with no fear at all!!!!’ The Baby One More Time star promptly made the change official by switching her Instagram name from Britney Spears to River Red, before shutting her page down. Instead of pictures, a message on her profile read: ‘The link you followed may be broken, or the page may have been removed. Go back to Instagram.’ It was seemingly her exit from social media – which she has done multiple times in the past – that prompted fans to contact law enforcement. Officials were dispatched to her home to check if she was okay, and determined that she was not in any danger. Although Britney shared her feelings in a rare post on Twitter, it is not clear if or when she will return to Instagram. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia star Kaitlin Olson reveals nasty shiner after filming blunder MORE : Deborah Meaden hits back at Steven Bartlett calling Sara Davies the ‘most qualified’ Dragon  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 