Jessie J has thanked fans for their support after she announced she was pregnant as she reflects on her previous miscarriage. The Bang Bang hitmaker, 34, announced in a heartwarming Instagram post on Friday that she is expecting a child. Jessie, who is thought to be in a relationship with basketball player Chanan Safir Colman, shared a slew of glowing images that kicked off with a positive pregnancy test followed by a scan of her growing tot. She previously suffered a devastating miscarriage, and now says the past tragedy is partly the reason why she kept her current pregnancy secret for so long. Again taking to social media on Saturday, Jessie began by thanking everyone for the messages of joy and support she had received, having previously admitted she was ‘ugly crying.’ Jessie explained it was 2am where she was and she was unable to sleep ‘thinking about today and the overwhelming amount of love and support I am feeling.’ She admitted she could help ‘but think about all the women and men still struggling with loss and infertility. ‘It feels so strange to be on this side after being told I would never get pregnant to pregnancy loss to then being pregnant and how quickly it is all happening.’ Jessie admitted her mind ‘hasn’t fully processed that it’s actually happening,’ explaining that was why she ‘kept it quiet for so long.’ ‘The anxiety in the beginning was overwhelming and I felt like I had my eyes closed just hoping it all would continue to go well, which in moments I still very much have, whilst allowing myself to feel the joy and celebration of this experience.’ The mum-to-be said she isn’t even sure ‘what my point is’ but addressed those struggling with infertility directly by saying: ‘I am still with you and I haven’t forgotten about any of it. I still want to hug anyone struggling. ‘I don’t take a second of this for granted and continue to pray for a safe landing of this magical baby everyday.’ She finished: ‘I know I have been blessed with the biggest gift I will ever receive and I pray more than anything you get yours. However that looks. The Price Tag hitmaker had announced her baby news with a sweet video montage while admitting she was ‘so happy and terrified to finally share this.’ It came shortly after Jessie marked one year since her tragic miscarriage by sharing a sombre tribute with fans on Instagram. She wrote: ‘A year ago today I was told my baby no longer had a heartbeat. ‘Although I can tell the story now without crying, have and still am discovering all the positives that experience gave me. ‘Strength, Wisdom, Empathy, Gratitude. ‘It still hurts and all day I have just been thinking about all the women and men and families who have been through this numerous times and how incredibly strong they are.’ She signed off by addressing her ‘angel baby’ directly, saying: ‘I feel you everywhere, especially today.’ MORE : Jessie J over the moon as she announces pregnancy after miscarriage heartbreak: ‘I just want to ugly cry in public’ MORE : Jessie J remembers ‘little angel baby’ one year after suffering miscarriage  