A disgruntled chef released 20 cockroaches from a jar into his pub kitchen after getting into a row with his former boss. Tom Williams, 25, had a row over unpaid holiday pay after he left his job at the Royal William IV pub in Lincoln and threatened to ‘cockroach bomb’ the kitchen, a court heard. David Eager, prosecuting, said that two days later he carried out his threat at the 170-year-old pub. Mr Eager said: ‘He entered the premises and released a number of cockroaches. They are a non-native species of cockroach used to feed snakes and tarantulas.’ Staff at the pub immediately phoned Environmental Health and pest control and closed the pub, the court heard. The pub’s owner, in a victim impact statement read by Mr Eager, said: ‘The effect it has had on staff and families is large. ‘It isn’t just the finances of the company, it was how the rest of the Royal William team, particularly the kitchen team, are upset with what happened. ‘They were depressed that someone who they worked alongside would be so callous towards them.’ The statement added that members of staff with children were particularly affected, as they had to stay late continuously cleaning the kitchen ‘They could no longer put their children to bed at night,’ the statement read. The pub paid £22,000 to its insurance company to cover the damage caused, the court heard. Williams was due to stand trial on November 21 but didn’t turn up. On November 28, he entered a guilty plea to burglary with intent to cause criminal damage at the pub and failure to surrender. ‘This is a case that is littered with poor choices by this defendant,’ said Jeremy Janes, in mitigation. ‘There was a legitimate dispute. He made a poor decision to go about getting reconciliation to get, in his mind, some compensation to his perceived loss.’ Mr Janes also said Williams’ decision not to speak when interviewed was a poor decision and ‘foolish.’ He added: ‘The final poor choice was to not attend his trial.’ However, Mr Janes said Williams was angry because he needed the money to provide for his son, who he has had sole custody of since he was 23-years-old, and this led to the dispute. But Her Honour Judge Catarina Sjolin Knight said: ‘You are very immature despite your age. Your son and society, in general, could benefit from you growing up.’ Judge Knight asked Williams: ‘Do you want to change?’ Williams responded: ‘Yes.’ Judge Knight asked again: ‘Do you want to see me again?’ Williams said: ‘No.’ ‘Good answer,’ said Judge Knight. Williams has four previous offences, battery, possession of a bladed weapon, ABH and being drunk and disorderly. Williams, of John Street, Lincoln, was given a 17- month prison sentence suspended for two years. Judge Knight added: ‘This is your final chance. If you breach this I am putting you back inside Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.