Mykhailo Mudryk has travelled to Turkey with the Shakhtar Donetsk squad for a training camp ahead of his January move to the Premier League. The Ukraine international has been heavily linked to both Arsenal and Chelsea in the current transfer window and the Gunners are close to reaching an agreement. It is understood that the 22-year-old winger has already agreed personal terms with Arsenal and will sign a five-year contract with Mikel Arteta’s side. Mudryk will now fly to Antalya in Turkey on Tuesday for a mid-season training camp having travelled over the Ukrainian border into Poland to catch a flight there, report The Athletic. Premier League leaders Arsenal appear to have beaten Chelsea in the race to sign Mudryk – according to reports in Ukraine – having previously seen two offers turned down. Shakhtar had been adamant that they were using Manchester United’s £85m deal for Antony last summer as a benchmark for Mudryk’s valuation. The Gunners’ opening bid of £35.5m plus a further £17.7m in add-ons was rejected – as was their second approach – but it appears to be third time lucky for the north London side. Mudryk has been in incredible form for Shakhtar this term, registering seven goals and six assists across 12 games in the Ukrainian Premier League. He has impressed in the Champions League too – with three goals and two assists in six games – as Shakhtar finished third in Group F to move into the Europa League, where they face French side Rennes on February 16. Meanwhile, former defender William Gallas, who played for both Arsenal and Chelsea, believes there is no real desperation for the Gunners to sign Mudryk and that his arrival could stunt the progress of the likes of Eddie Nketiah. ‘I don’t know if Arsenal need Mykhailo Mudryk for the second part of the season. Maybe they do,’ Gallas told Getting Casino. ‘As I said, the season is very long. But at the same time, Arteta has his squad already, players on the bench, players who can come on and play in that position like Nketiah. ‘It’s really difficult to get an answer to that question because I’m not there and I don’t know what is going down. So if they sign him, they know why. ‘I’m sure Mudryk is a great player who can help the squad. So if that player can help them to win the title then they should buy him.’ MORE : Mykhaylo Mudryk denies Chelsea transfer message as Arsenal close in on agreement MORE : Mikel Arteta sends message to Emile Smith Rowe after Arsenal's FA Cup win 