This is the disturbing moment the owner of a San Francisco art gallery hosed down a homeless woman on the sidewalk. A video shared on TikTok shows Collier Gwin, who runs Foster Gwin Gallery in the Financial District, casually blasting the woman with water in 10°C temperatures. Leaning against the railings of Barbarossa Lounge restaurant, he points the hose at his victim who is sitting on the pavement. ‘Hey, just move, move, move. Are you going to move?’ he can be heard yelling as he points down the street. The woman can be seen pleading with him to stop in the now viral video that has sparked widespread criticism. Gwin has already attempted to defend his actions after local businesses identified him as the man behind the assault. He told The San Francisco Chronicle: ‘I said you have to move, I cannot clean the street, move down. ‘She starts screaming bellingent things, spitting, yelling at me… at that point she was so out of control… ‘I spray her with the hose and say move, move. I will help you.’ He also described himself as a ‘champion’ for trying to help the homeless woman previously. A chef from a nearby bakery documented the confrontation and posted the clip online. ‘I was shocked. I know that lady,’ Edson Garcia, from Brioche Café, said. Gwin’s behaviour has already been blasted as ‘inhumane’ and ‘inexcusable’, with social media users urging him to get ‘some sensitivity training’. People have also flooded his upmarket gallery with bath reviews on Google, also lowering its rating to one star. It is not clear what happened to the woman, but a number of outraged people have demanded legal action against the gallery owner. One California-based artist also said on Twitter she had been emailing others represented by the Foster Gwin Gallery to make them aware of the incident. ‘I just spent the last hour sending emails to the living artist represented by the Foster Gwin Gallery,’ she tweeted. ‘I notified them of the gallery’s inhuman treatment of a homeless person. I asked them to end their relationship with the gallery.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.