Mikel Arteta has played down the importance of Casemiro’s absence as Manchester United prepare to face Arsenal and praised Erik ten Hag for ‘turning things around’ at Old Trafford. United travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday looking to inflict a blow to Arsenal’s Premier League title hopes. The Red Devils had won nine matches in a row before Wednesday’s 1-1 draw with Crystal Palace but will be without influential midfielder Casemiro this weekend. The Brazilian Champions League winner received his fifth yellow card of the season at Selhurst Park, meaning he is suspended for United’s trip to Arsenal. ‘It’s something that we can’t control,’ Arteta said when asked about Casemiro missing the clash. ‘He didn’t play in our first game against them either and we still didn’t do enough to win that match. ‘When you look at their squad, they have incredible players who can beat any team in this league. But we will plan for this game knowing he’s not available, that’s for sure.’ Arsenal have won 15 of their 18 league games this season to move five points ahead of defending champions Manchester City with a game in hand. Manchester United, who began the campaign with back-to-back defeats, have climbed to third under former Ajax boss Ten Hag. Asked to assess Ten Hag’s job at Old Trafford, Arteta said: ‘Really impressive. He’s turned things around pretty quick. He’s implemented a very clear way of playing. ‘The players have bought into it and they have a really good way of playing. He’s done that in not much time so credit to him and the coaching staff for what they’re doing.’ Arsenal suffered their only defeat of the season at the hands of Manchester United and Arteta insists his team needed to learn some ‘important lessons’ following their setback at the Theatre of Dreams. ‘There were some important lessons in that game and why we lost it when in many moments we had control of the game,’ Arteta added. ‘But we know that’s one of the qualities of United – when you have control of the game the match can get away from you because they have so much individual talent, they have good organisation and they have many ways to create problems. ‘We have to be at our best to win on Sunday.’  Arteta also confirmed new signing Leandro Trossard was in contention to make his Arsenal debut against Manchester United. Arsenal signed the Belgium international from Brighton and believe they submitted the required documents in time to allow Trossard to feature this weekend. ‘We’re really happy to have him,’ said Arteta, who confirmed Trossard had trained with the squad on Friday. ‘He’s a player we have followed for a while now and the opportunity came and we have the necessity to have a player in the front line that is versatile enough to to play different positions.’ MORE : Leandro Trossard reveals favourite position after Arsenal confirm deal MORE : Erik ten Hag hints at further Manchester United spending in January For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 