Frank Lampard has sent a heartfelt message to Everton fans after the Chelsea legend was sacked by the Toffees. The former Derby and Chelsea manager departed Goodison Park for good on Monday off the back of 10-game winless run that included eight defeats. That streak has left Everton 19th in the table after 20 games and there is real fear that the club, who have never been relegated from the Premier League, will be playing in the Championship next season. Lampard joined the Merseyside team in January 2022, replacing the unpopular Rafael Benitez, and was able to secure their survival with a famous 3-2 comeback win over Crystal Palace. But the legendary England midfielder was unable to build on that success, though many feel that the ongoing turmoil off the pitch at the club is equally to blame for their decline over past few years. The 44-year-old has now issued a statement following his dismissal, which reads: ‘Coming in to Everton last year I knew we were in a tough moment and I will always be proud of the incredible work and support from everyone involved to keep the team in the Premier League last season. ‘Thanks to everybody that played their part as the whole club came together. I will never forget the incredible night against Palace that we shared. ‘I want to thank all Evertonians for the welcome that you gave to myself, my staff, and my family. It truly is a special club with a huge heart, and an incredible history. ‘I’m disappointed that we couldn’t achieve more together and wish all the players and everyone at Everton FC the very best for the future.’ As for who will replace Lampard, on Thursday Marcelo Bielsa had arrived in London to hold further talks with Everton’s hierarchy. Reports claim the former Leeds manager is the board’s preferred choice but it is unclear whether he is sold on the idea of going there. Betfair currently list ex-Burnley boss Sean Dyche as the favourite ahead of Bielsa, with Sam Allardyce and Wayne Rooney also in the running, but former Southampton manager Ralph Hasenhuttl is no longer in contention. Everton will hope to have appointed Lampard’s replacement in time to take charge of their next match on February 4th when they host league leaders Arsenal. MORE : Stefan Bajcetic hails influence of Thiago Alcantara and James Milner as he signs new Liverpool contract MORE : Wigan sack Arsenal and Liverpool hero Kolo Toure after just nine games and no wins For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 