Matt Hancock is facing backlash after donating only £10,000 of his whopping I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! fee to charity, after promising to do so before heading into the jungle. The former health secretary came in third place after a controversial stint on the reality series, finishing behind soaps star Owen Warner and Lioness Jill Scott. Ahead of taking part on the show, alongside the likes of Boy George and Mike Tindall, it had been revealed that Hancock would be supporting St Nicholas Hospice Care with his pay cheque for taking part, a charity he raised almost £8,000 for during 2021’s London Marathon. ‘Matt will be making a donation to St Nicholas Hospice in Suffolk, and he will, of course, declare the amount he receives from the show to Parliament to ensure complete transparency, as normal,’ a source told us. It was confirmed on Thursday that Hancock had been paid £320,000 for 30 days work in the jungle, after reports suggested the final amount could reach £400,000. A spokesperson has now confirmed to Metro.co.uk that Hancock donated £10,000 to charity, saying:  ‘As well as raising the profile of his dyslexia campaign in front of 11-million viewers, Matt’s donated £10,000 to St Nicholas Hospice in Suffolk and the British Dyslexia Association, off the back of his appearance on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here.’ However, Hancock is now facing backlash over the amount he’s donated, compared to how much he earned from his stint on the show. ‘I see Hancock earned £320k for I’m A Celeb and he gave £10k of it to charity. A whole 3.1% of the fee. I thought it was all about charity and raising the profile of his dyslexia campaign. Don’t tell me Matt was less than honest with the Great British public,’ one person wrote. Another penned: ‘Donating just £10k out of £320,000 fee to charity is honestly pathetic. Since he skipped his day job, he should give away the entire amount’. ‘When I heard Matt Hancock would be donating his I’m A Celeb fee to charity, I thought ok, that’s something.. turns out he’s only donated £10k of his £320k fee?! F**kin’ scumbag,’ someone else wrote. Hancock also raked in £45,000 to take part in Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins, for which he spent 80 hours filming. He spent the first week of October filming, just weeks before heading to Australia for I’m A Celebrity. It’s reported that he’ll be starring alongside stars including Gareth Gates and James Argent in the new series. I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! is available to watch on ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Matt Hancock’s eye-watering fee for I’m A Celebrity finally revealed – and it’s more than the cost of an average UK home MORE : Man charged with assaulting Matt Hancock on the Tube 