Eamonn Holmes has claimed that some of his ex co-stars who he has had feuds with are ‘dead’ to him. The GB News host made the comments during Wednesday’s show with his co-host Isabel Webster, after Shakira threw shade at her ex Gerard Pique with a scathing new song. Opening up a discussion on revenge on the morning show, Isabel told Eamonn: ‘You talk a good game about this. You do, you talk a good game about it but actually, all the people in your life that you’ve had ding dongs with in the past, you’re on great terms with now when I think about it?’ ‘No!’ Eamonn bluntly replied, before bringing up his feud with Anthea Turner. Anthea fronted ITV daytime programme GMTV alongside Eamonn from 1994 to 1996, however a clash over her ‘ambition and vanity’ led to her exit from the show. The pair were both open about their feud, and made up a whole decade later. ‘I’m prepared to forgive and forget,’ Eamonn continued on GB News. ‘No, but there are other people who have got names who are dead to me whose names I can’t…’ he added. ‘Let’s not go there,’ Isabel chimed in. Eamonn said: ‘That’s the thing, and I think once you cross… there are evil people, let’s face it, there are! ‘In the fight against good and evil, which I am good, yeah the only sort of enemy you want is a defeated enemy.’ In 2019, Anthea said she used to feel ‘physically sick some mornings’ and ‘was made to feel inferior’ during her time on GMTV. She told Best magazine at the time: ‘When I arrived at GMTV, it was a terrible shock, because I’d come from Blue Peter – where everyone was nice to everyone! It was an intensely hostile environment. ‘I used to feel physically sick some mornings – really nauseous at the idea of going in there. I was made to feel inferior, and was openly sneered.’ Anthea and Eamonn ended their spat in 2005 when Eamonn left the ITV show. ‘One of the things I wanted to do leaving GMTV was to tie up loose ends,’ he told the Sunday Mirror in 2005. ‘So I got in touch with Anthea. It was something there that should have been put to rest a long time ago.’ In 2018, Anthea was interviewed by Eamonn and his wife Ruth Langsford on This Morning. ‘You are an ex of mine and we’re on good terms, some people think we hate each other!’ he said at the time. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eamonn Holmes relies on crutches as he leaves GB News studios in London following return to TV MORE : Rylan Clark pays Eamonn Holmes surprise visit amid recovery from back surgery – and obviously tests out presenter’s new stair lift 