Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has outlined ‘five promises’ in his plans for 2023 as he spoke to the nation for the first time in the New Year. In his first major speech of 2023, the PM has made five promises on which he’s asked the public to judge his premiership on. The five promises are to halve inflation, grow the economy, reduce debt, cut waiting lists, and stop the boats. Sunak said that he is promising to ‘build a better future’ and focussed on the ‘people’s priorities’ in his latest speech. The PM was mocked online for his delivery with some people comparing him to a Cbeebies story reader. One Twitter user said: ‘Sounds like Rishi Sunak is auditioning for Cbeebies bedtime story’ Others said his soft tone sounded like he was speaking to children. But now to those who could see past his shocking delivery, this is what he actually said. Speaking in east London he said: ‘So I want to make five promises to you today. Five pledges to deliver peace of mind. Five foundations, on which to build a better future for our children and grandchildren. ‘First, we will halve inflation this year to ease the cost of living and give people financial security. ‘Second, we will grow the economy, creating better-paid jobs and opportunity right across the country. ‘Third, we will make sure our national debt is falling so that we can secure the future of public services. ‘Fourth, NHS waiting lists will fall and people will get the care they need more quickly. ‘Fifth, we will pass new laws to stop small boats, making sure that if you come to this country illegally, you are detained and swiftly removed. ‘So, five promises – we will: Halve inflation, grow the economy, reduce debt, cut waiting lists, and stop the boats. ‘Those are the people’s priorities. They are your government’s priorities.  And we will either have achieved them or not. ‘No tricks… no ambiguity… we’re either delivering for you or we’re not. We will rebuild trust in politics through action, or not at all. So, I ask you to judge us on the effort we put in and the results we achieve.’ The PM will be keen to start the next 12 months after a tumultuous 2022, that saw three different Prime Minister’s in Number 10. His predecessor, Liz Truss, lasted just 44 days in the job after Boris Johnson announced he would be resigning in July last year. It is believed he will be looking to make changes to the economy, and inflation, while also taking a tougher stance on illegal migrants. He is also expected to announce that students should be taught maths until the age of 18, in a new plan to boost numeracy skills in England. Currently, the UK remains one of the only countries in the world that does not require children to study some form of maths up to the age of 18. Researchers have even explored ‘maths anxiety’, an issue prevalent among British children. MORE : Culture Secretary urges Rishi Sunak not to privatise Channel 4 and take total U-turn on Boris Johnson plans MORE : Rishi Sunak wants kids to stay in maths lessons until they’re 18 MORE : Rishi Sunak vows to keep supporting Ukraine in call with Volodymyr Zelensky Mr Sunak is expected to commit to starting the work of introducing maths to 18 in this Parliament and finishing it in the next. He will put emphasis on the importance of numeracy, stressing that jobs will require more ‘analytical skills’ in the future, sources have said. The Tory leader is expected to say: ‘Right now, just half of all 16 to 19-year-olds study any maths at all. Yet in a world where data is everywhere and statistics underpin every job, our children’s jobs will require more analytical skills than ever before. ‘And letting our children out into the world without those skills, is letting our children down’. His first speech comes after a New Year’s message where Mr Sunak blamed Covid and the Ukraine war for what he acknowledged had been a ‘tough’ 12 months. He also warned in that the country’s problems will not disappear in 2023. The PM praised his government’s record and made no mention of the chaos within the Conservative party that contributed to 2022’s difficulties. The year now ending had been tough, the prime minister said in a video address. ‘Just as we recovered from an unprecedented global pandemic, Russia launched a barbaric and illegal invasion across Ukraine. This has had a profound economic impact around the world, which the UK is not immune to.’ Passing over the disastrous September mini-budget under Liz Truss, Sunak said the government had ‘taken difficult but fair decisions to get borrowing and debt under control’. He said: ‘Three months ago, I stood at the steps of Downing Street and promised I would work relentlessly on the things that matter most to you,’ ‘Since then, this government has taken decisive action to back our NHS with record resources to tackle the backlogs – more funding, more doctors and more nurses. ‘We’re also tackling illegal migration and stopping criminals from abusing our asylum system. Now, I’m not going to pretend that all our problems will go away in the new year. But 2023 will give us an opportunity to showcase the very best of Britain on the world stage.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.