A third man has been charged with the murder of Cody Fisher, a footballer stabbed to death in a nightclub on Boxing Day. The 23-year-old was out at the Crane venue in Adderley Street, Digbeth, Birmingham, when he was approached by a group of people and knifed. Reegan Anderson, 18, has been charged with murder, West Midlands Police said today. He will appear before Birmingham Magistrates Court today. Anderson was detained yesterday, being the fourth person arrested so far over the non-league player and school sports coach’s death. Kami Carpenter, 21, and Remy Gordon, 22, both appeared in court earlier this month facing murder charges as well as affray. Neither entered a plea and were remanded in custody. Fisher died around 30 minutes after being stabbed just before 11:45pm on December 26. The club’s license has since been suspended amid accusations by police of a ‘scene of chaos’ when officers arrived. Det Insp Michelle Thurgood, leading the investigation, said yesterday: ‘We know lots of people at The Crane were using their mobile phones to take pictures and video on the night. ‘If anyone has images from the evening that shows what happened before, during or after the incident, we really need to see it. It could provide vital to our investigation.’ In tributes, Fisher’s loved ones and teammates described him as a kind-hearted man who always sought to uplift those around him. His partner, Jess Chatwin, tweeted: ‘You didn’t deserve any of this. I’m so sorry this has happened to you my baby please come home. I love you forever Cody Fisher.’ His family said: ‘They have broken our hearts; I have lost my best friend. My family and I are asking for privacy and respectfulness at this heart-breaking time.’ Fisher had played for several non-league Midlands clubs, most recently as a defender for Stratford Town. Goalkeeper Liam O’Brien, 31, told the BBC: ‘We are struggling, it hasn’t sunk in, it’s very fresh and raw. ‘He was that lad – he would walk into a room and you would just see his smile because he was always happy.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.