*Warning: This contains spoilers for Happy Valley season 3.* Who can forget the untimely and horrifying murder of Kirsten McAskill (Sophie Rundle) at the hands of Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) in Happy Valley? Well, sadly, viewers of Sally Wainwright’s drama, which also stars Sarah Lancashire as Catherine Cawood, are predicting another brutal death at the conclusion of the BBC blockbuster series. Their theory is given weight by the fact that the Gentleman Jack screenwriter has insisted season 3 of Happy Valley will be its last, with some drawing the conclusion that this means a very final full stop has been planned. So far the six-parter, which is set in Calder Valley, has been packed with tension and drama, with Catherine struggling to come to terms that her grandson Ryan (Rhys Connah) has struck up a relationship with his dad. On top of that, the copper was dealt the ultimate blow when she learnt her sister Clare (Siobhan Finneran) and her boyfriend Neil (Con O’Neill) had been accompanying the teen to Sheffield for the past year. At work, Catherine is also investigating the gruesome murder of Gary Gaggowski, whose body was found washed up ina reservoir, some eight years after he was murdered, with the suspect thought to be linked to crime family, the Kneževićs. Elsewhere in the village, Joanna Hepworth (Mollie Winnard) is abusing illegal prescription drugs to cope with her abusive husband Rob (Mark Stanley), who has also had a run-in with Ryan. The desperate mother-of-two even suggested to her dealer – and local pharmacist – Faisal (Amit Shah) that they plot to kill Rob, seeing no other way out of the controlling relationship. And that’s the least of Faisal’s concerns, who is struggling to keep up with the Joneses and resorted to selling drugs on the side to fund his family’s lifestyle, as he encounters local thugs. They threaten him and tell him to continue selling drugs but to give them all of his profits, or else they will go after his two young daughters, while Catherine is also sniffing around the drug deals. With so much going on, fans believe surely one character’s life is in grave danger. Many fans on Twitter, despite calling the performance ‘mesmerising’, believe Sarah’s Catherine will die at the end of the series, with Tommy being behind the murder. ‘Anyone else think Catherine is going to die at the end of this series?,’ a viewer asked, while another pointed to the sergeant’s ‘retirement’ as a clue she could be killed off. They remarked: ‘Why did I miss they most coppers die within five years of retirement last time or at least don’t remember I don’t like this it doesn’t bode well?[sic]’ However, others speculated that Clare, after becoming entangled in Tommy’s web, could be killed off, with several others believing Ryan might end up following in his father’s footsteps. ‘Claire and Neil, someone will die accidentally at that hand of Ryan due to Tommy-Lee Royce’s influence,’ as one social media account put it. While the cast have remained schtum on the finale, Siobahn has previously teased what fans can expect from episode 3 on This Morning, warning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield there will be a lot to take in. She said: ‘All I can really say about that is I think you’re gonna have to fasten your seatbelts for episode three.’ Happy Valley continues on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One and iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Happy Valley fans convinced they’ve sussed out identity of Tommy’s dad – and it’s not who you would expect MORE : Happy Valley fans fear ‘creepy’ character is poised for comeback after gutwrenching Ryan and Tommy twist 