A groovy £10million ($12million) abandoned mansion has been found completely kitted out in 60s decor. The property is designed with an incredible retro-modern style – which defined the 60s. Bold pops of colour meet classic ornate fireplaces and winding spiral staircases in this fascinating blast from the past. The Canadian mansion was abandoned in 2020 when the sole occupier, a widow, died. Not much remains, bar an old intercom system and dated kitchen appliances. A wealthy elderly couple lived in the mansion, which was built in the 1960s. The couple made their fortune in mining for copper, nickel and gold in the Quebec region throughout the 60s and 70s. Decked out in what would have been modern luxury decor of the time, each room is very different. In fact, it’s a smorgasbord of 60s, 70s and 80s aesthetics. Brown floral wallpaper coats one room – complete with matching curtains – while bold circular patterns adorn the walls of a blue and red sitting room. Whereas the kitchen is still fitted with dated appliances. The couple died in 2015 and 2020, leaving the house to decay. It sits on four acres of land, which has been bought by a developer. This means the mansion is set to be demolished. Fortunately, urban exploration, photographer and filmmaker Dave of Freaktography.com captured the beauty of the place before it’s lost to history. ‘This was a mind-blowing mansion,’ said Dave. ‘There are old intercom systems all over the house.’ Before mobile phones, there were intercoms. Wealthy people would install them in their huge houses, so they could press a button to speak to people in other rooms. Dave said that it’s really interesting house with all different styles and inspirations from different countries and decades. He added: ‘Every room has a different style, a different look, a different colour scheme. ‘It’s very brown and very dusty but the contrast is interesting as some rooms have colourful patterns, like tulips. ‘There was a really interesting-looking room, there was a brown material like leather, on the walls and a really unique shaped set of stairs that curved down. ‘There was not much left over, not much left behind.’ Feast on more pictures of the retro mansion below… Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman buys house next to cricket pitch and complains about cricket balls landing in her garden MORE : Three-bed house for sale at £126,000 has a random toilet in the porch MORE : Huge house featuring helipad, swimming pool, games room, and bar on sale for £4,500,000