Kaley Cuoco absolutely stunned on the carpet for the 80th annual Golden Globe Awards this week. The actress, 37, was among the celebrities attending the massive star-studded event on Tuesday following several years of quieter and non-televised affairs. Big Bang Theory star Kaley was positively glowing as she and boyfriend Tom Pelphrey, 40, cuddled up together on the red carpet, sharing a kiss in front of the cameras as they headed in to the event. It was a big night for Kaley, who is preparing to welcome her first child, as she was nominated for one of the prestigious awards in the category of best actress in a TV musical or comedy. The expectant mum was in the running for her performance in comedy drama The Flight Attendant, and faced stiff competition from the likes of Selena Gomez for Only Murders in the Building and Jenna Ortega for Wednesday. In the end however, Kaley lost out as the award went to Quinta Brunson for her brilliant performance in ABC comedy Abbott Elementary. It was still a night to remember for Kaley and Tom, with the pair looking the picture of happiness on the carpet as Kaley gently cradled her stomach and grinned proudly at the camera. The actress looked gorgeous in a flowing, floor-length lilac dress that complemented her pregnancy bump, her brunette locks tied up in a smart bun. Fellow actor Tom meanwhile looked sharp in a cream tuxedo with a black bowtie and trousers, his own dark hair slicked back as he appeared proud as punch of his girlfriend. The couple have just returned from a sunkissed holiday abroad, having shown off photos of their tropical getaway to fans last week. In one photo taken of a Polaroid, the actress was seen wearing only a blue and white-striped shirt as she left it open to expose her baby bump, while in another her partner was seen seemingly fresh from the pool in his swimming trunks. Kaley confirmed the news she was going to be a mum in October, after she was first linked to Tom earlier this year following her split from husband Karl Cook. They later confirmed their relationship in May and cemented it in front of the cameras in September, making their red carpet debut in a loved-up appearance at the Emmys. The following month, Kaley revealed their baby news, and was showered with love and support by fans and famous pals. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Golden Globes host Jerrod Carmichael questions whereabouts of Scientology’s Shelly Miscavige in dig at Tom Cruise MORE : Zendaya apologises for missing Golden Globes after scooping first award at ceremony for Euphoria  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 