Paris Fashion Week is here and the Beckhams are doing it in style – because of course. David, 47, and Victoria Beckham, 48, were joined by middle son Cruz, 17, as they hit up the Fendi store in the French capital, ahead of the Dior men’s autumn/winter 2023 show. The former Manchester United star looked ever so dapper in a brown ensemble, wrapping up warm in a tartan scarf and carrying a very nice Fendi suitcase. Meanwhile, his fashionista wife lived up to her nickname of Posh Spice in a red look, braving the cold in a gorgeous red frock with a checked design and puffed sleeves. Representing as always, the striking silk item is from Victoria’s own brand, and she finished her classy outfit off with a pair of black suede heeled boots and, of course, added her signature oversized sunglasses. Meanwhile, in stark contrast, teenage son Cruz kept it casual in tracksuit bottoms and a slouchy leather coat, joining his parents while seemingly taking a break from the recording studio as he works on his debut album. Dad and lad David and Cruz later changed into smarter attire for the Dior fashion show, with Cruz the spitting image of his famous father in his younger days. Forgoing a tie, David teamed a crisp white shirt with a structured brown suit, with his extensive tattoo collection peaking out underneath. The footie icon also wore a pair of sunnies from his own collection, which he removed as he posed for photos alongside fellow front row stars Robert Pattinson, Karlie Kloss and Eddie Redmayne. As for Cruz, the budding musician kept it youthful with a baggy grey suit and tie, opting for somewhat of a rebellious schoolboy vibe by untucking his shirt and wearing trainers on his feet. Ever the proud dad, David took to Instagram ahead of the event with some posey pics, sitting in a char in their swanky hotel room while Cruz smouldered behind him, looking effortlessly cool. The dad-of-four also shared a selfie to shoutout his sharp eyewear, rocking perfectly-coiffed locks and a beard. David, Victoria and Cruz seemed to be enjoying time as a trio in Paris, without other children Brooklyn, 23, Romeo, 20, and daughter Harper, 11. Of course, photographer-turned-chef Brooklyn now resides in the States alongside wife Nicola Peltz. The lovebirds may not be at Fashion Week, but they’re forever putting on stylish displays of their own, whether it be for a magazine shoot or a spontaneous PDA-filled Instagram sesh. As for brother Romeo, the young sporting star probably doesn’t have time to be brushing shoulders with models and A-list guests, given his recent signing to Brentford FC. Following in his dad’s footsteps, Romeo signed with the team on loan from Inter Miami, joining the club’s reserve team. With Major League Soccer currently on a break in the States, Romeo joined Brentford a few months back in a bid to maintain his fitness and perfect his skills on the pitch. After the deal was announced, the second-eldest Beckham child said he is ‘very proud and very happy’ to be in his new kit. As for youngest Harper, she’s certainly proven to have an interest in fashion in the past thanks to her stylish mum, but her parents recently revealed their heartache at how quickly she’s growing up. Telling the story of how their youngest has asked to be dropped off further away from the school gates now, Victoria joked that an emotional David questioned her on whether that made him an ‘uncool’ dad’. To be fair, if Becks is your dad and he’s uncool, what hope is there for anyone else? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Justin Bieber cuddles wife Hailey after her uncle Alec Baldwin’s involuntary manslaughter charge MORE : Britney Spears changes her name as she hits back at being told she’ll ‘pay’ for drunken restaurant saga for rest of her life 