For the next few weeks, Metro.co.uk will be speaking to reality TV fan favourites about what time on their show was like – and how things have changed now they’re Back to Reality. Up next, it’s… Priya Gopaldas from Love Island I think many people assume that anyone who goes on Love Island must be a diehard fan. That wasn’t the case for me. Before I applied, I’d actually never watched a single episode. I haven’t seen any since, including the ones I’ve featured in – it’s too embarrassing to watch myself back on TV! I signed up to be on Love Island after I got a DM that January from an ITV casting researcher asking me if I’d ever considered a stint on the famous reality TV show. I hadn’t, but a pending gap year from medical school and, more importantly, a recent break up with my boyfriend of a year, made me consider it. While some people might get a drastic haircut after a relationship falls apart, I decided I’d get over it by applying for the UK’s favourite dating show. I never expected I’d actually end up on it. I had to go through rounds of auditions, including mental well-being checks and I did feel like I was prepared for what could come my way – namely, trolling. Before I went onto the show, I sought my parents’ permission. We’re very close and I wasn’t going to do anything they didn’t approve of. Like me, they’d never seen the Love Island, so before they gave an answer, they went off and watched a few episodes. I remember clearly them coming to me and saying: ‘Priya, people have sex on this show!’ I reassured them that I wasn’t going to be one of the islanders partaking in under-the-covers antics, but was just looking for a different experience, a new challenge. Trusting me, they quickly warmed to the idea. Although I had already decided to take a year out of medical school, I still went to seek consent from them before appearing on the show. The last thing I wanted to do was sabotage my future career as a doctor. While I think they were taken aback by my request, they consented after we discussed how I would deal with potential future problems and safeguarding concerns. For example, they questioned how I would react if someone began to stalk me at the hospital, or patients started behaving inappropriately. I can see why they were concerned, but I wasn’t too worried. Especially as, despite signing the contract to appear on the show, I was still in the UK when it started airing, so I assumed I hadn’t been chosen. Then I got the call. I was being brought on as a bombshell on day 42 – the last bombshell to be welcomed into the house before the final a couple of weeks later. I found out two days before I flew out to Majorca. Once I arrived, I had three weeks of isolation before being sent into the villa. They wanted to make sure I was Covid negative, and so I was put in a villa with the company of a lovely chaperone. It was actually really fun, being in the sunshine and without my phone, I felt totally distant from reality. Every night for the week before I came onto the show, my chaperone and I watched the current series of Love Island on TV. This was the first time I’d ever watched Love Island live. And before I knew it, I was heading towards the villa, doing the infamous slow-mo entrance towards the door. You actually film the walk outside the villa the night before, multiple times, so the producers can get the best shot. But walking into the house the next day is a whole different experience. You think you know what the villa is going to look like when you enter, but it’s completely different when you see it in real life. I remember entering the garden, thinking it was going to be huge, but it felt a lot smaller in real-life. Being the last girl in the villa was quite scary. Everyone had formed friendships, or romantic relationships, so it was hard to come into the middle of everything. I didn’t want to step on other girls’ toes when it came to dating the men, especially as I’m not the kind of person who revels in confrontation. I was scared that arguments were what I had in store. Before I’d arrived in the villa, there had been a few heated moments between islanders. However, once I met everyone, I found that they were lovely. When you watch the show on TV, you think you know someone. It’s only when you’re meeting them in person that you realise that’s not the case at all. I found that even the louder, more opinionated contestants were just genuine and kind people. One of my favourite moments on the show was a challenge where we had ice cream, sweets and chocolate syrup, and we had to aim them at our partner for them to catch. It was just an absolute mess, really fun. We all went wild. We were covered in sugar and smelled horrific, but I totally loved it. I think that was the moment where I felt that I first connected to the other islanders. I also had my fair share of cringeworthy moments. Going into the show, I had no idea of the well-established lingo, with phrases like ‘do bits’ having been used for seasons. I remember talking to some other contestants and asking them what certain words meant because I had no clue. While I was there, I didn’t think about how people were perceiving me back home. That they were only seeing small, edited snippets of me. It’s something I learned quite quickly after being dumped from the show, eight days after I arrived. Brett and I hadn’t formed a romantic relationship and as the only non-couple, it wouldn’t have been fair for us to remain. I stayed in Majorca for a couple of days to film Aftersun, and it was only after that that I got my phone back. When I opened it up, my social media had exploded. Before Love Island I had 500 followers, nowadays I have 102,000. I had DMs from strangers, from people I knew, and missed phone calls from friends and acquaintances – some I hadn’t spoken to in years. Thankfully, my ex wasn’t one of them. It was all a bit overwhelming and to be honest, I was so busy in the aftermath that I ignored most of them. At the airport on the way home, there were Love Island fans waiting to meet me and get photos. Others were just filming me. It all felt so surreal and a bit like I was living in a bubble. I think the live aspect of Love Island just makes it more intense. You don’t have time after you stop filming to acclimatise to normal life again; you’re just thrust into the limelight. And for me, one week after I flew back from Majorca I was back to my busy medical school schedule. I was balancing television and event appearances, working with brands and trying to keep up my fitness with a 9-5 hospital placement. That September was the busiest month of my life. I didn’t really have a moment to breathe. Thankfully, I was prepared by producers for what might happen, so in a way it all felt manageable. Knowing that I had only been on the show for a week, I felt that the attention I would continue to get wasn’t going to be as intense as for other islanders, and for that I felt grateful. Still, people on social media had opinions. I met up with my two best friends, Amy and Meera, who had been managing my accounts and they filled me in on what had happened since I gave them my logins. Going into it, I’d said to just fill my socials with a few puns, a bit of banter and keep it positive, which they did perfectly. When I looked back at the stories that they had posted, I was so grateful for their help, and happy with how I came across. But I also spotted a post that said, ‘We’re aware that everyone has different opinions about Priya, but please be kind.’ That was quite upsetting to see, and that’s when they told me they’d received some abusive messages, which upset them. It meant a lot that they cared about me so much, and also let me know I was going to have to deal with trolling. Before Love Island, whenever I would post a picture on Instagram, I’d have my friends in the comments lifting me up, saying things like ‘you look really pretty!’. Afterwards, it was very different. I tried not to read the bad ones, but obviously I saw them. While I was on the show, I made a joke about Boris Johnson being my celebrity crush – and it was that, a total joke – but people get really angry when it comes to politics, there’s no room to joke. People also made comments about my appearance, saying I had no curves and that my toes were weird. I’ve always been body confident and never really noticed my toes so those comments were strange to see. Thankfully, I was able to block some words that prevented me from seeing the worst. What was most important to me was what my parents thought of my stint on the show. They watched it every day, and on the whole they were pretty happy. I know they questioned a few of the decisions that I made on the show, who I decided to send home, which on reflection I should’ve put more thought into. Overall, I know they were very proud of me. The week after getting back, I returned to medical school. Because I’d taken a year out, all my friends were now in the year above, which meant I didn’t really know any of my new peers. After a couple of weeks of making friends on placement, I started getting questions about Love Island, but I didn’t mind – I really appreciated that they got to know me for me, and not TV Priya, first. Sometimes, however, when I’m meeting new colleagues, they’ll do the double take before focusing on the task at hand. I remember being in theatre, assisting with surgery and then coming home to a DM from another colleague that said ‘was that you at surgery today?’ It’s odd whenever that happens but it’s not awkward. What does make me feel uncomfortable is when a patient DMs me. As a student, I’m still shadowing and observing, which means I’m often there in the background while people are being seen by a doctor. Because of the gravity of the situation, no one really says anything in the moment, but checking my Instagram after, I’ll see a message from that day’s patient. That’s the kind of thing on social media that I will respond to politely and ensure to maintain professional boundaries – I prioritise my medical professionalism above fame. To be honest, it’s part of the reason I love face masks. While I think seeing someone’s full face is really beneficial in helping patients and doctors understand facial expressions and build trust, there are benefits when you’re trying to lie low. Out and about in public, I can’t hide so easily – but it was only in the first few weeks after leaving the villa that I had screaming fans come over and ask for photos. It’s one of the blessings of only being on the show for a short time. Now, when I get stopped, it’s a lot of: ‘Hey, you look familiar – do I know you from somewhere?’ I always respond with, ‘I’ve just got one of those faces.’ I’m halfway down the road when I hear them say: ‘Of course, she was on Love Island!’ Apart from these encounters, my life hasn’t changed too drastically. I really loved my life before going on the show, and I love it now. I knew, going in, that nothing was going to stop me from completing medical school – I’d already done five years! Now, I can pursue medicine and do so much more at the same time. The first thing I did after coming off Love Island was donate the £750 I earned from my time on the show to NHS charities. Then, it was a campaign with the NHS about the vaccine and urging people to take it. Having worked in ICU during lockdown, on the front line, and seeing just how ill patients were from Covid, put things into perspective. It became a cause I was really passionate about. My one goal, now I had a bigger platform, was to make sure I was positively influencing people; not with clothing but more with living a healthier lifestyle and exercising. My other passion before Love Island, was running. I’d started getting really into it during the first lockdown, and I used it as an escape. I’d only ever run a half marathon before 2020, but by 2021, I’d managed to do an ultramarathon, running 100k all in one go. It meant that, with my new platform, I could work with brands I love – like Asics, Inov8 and Strava. I’ve done projects with Women’s Running Magazine, too. All this made my time on Love Island worthwhile. I had wanted to go on the show to find love, though, so when I came back I started thinking about dating. I tried to re-download Hinge but for some reason, my profile had been deleted. I’d actually been on a good date before flying out, so I decided to message him, praying that he was still single. I reckoned he wasn’t the kind of person to watch reality TV, so I could bank on him not having seen anything embarrassing I’d said in the villa. Thankfully, he wasn’t seeing anyone, and we ended up going on a few dates. He said he’d seen that I was on the show from my Instagram, and his mates messed with him, saying that I’d been up to no good – when I obviously hadn’t – but he hadn’t tuned in. We really hit it off and now we’ve been together for over a year. I never had to tell him not to watch my season because he never would – he has a dislike for all reality TV and understandably doesn’t like to think about me dating other people. Having never seen it before my season, I hadn’t realised just how much Love Island lacks the appropriate diversity. Asians make up the second biggest ethnic group in England and Wales (9.3%) following Caucasians (81.7%), followed by Black/African/Caribbean (2.5%), and yet the Asian population is very rarely seen on the show. While filming, I didn’t really think about the fact that I was the only Indian woman in the villa at that time. I didn’t grow up around much diversity, so it was something I was familiar with. But seeing the initial lineup of women, in the two years since, has left me feeling disappointed. I don’t know if that’s because not enough Asian contestants apply, or not. I’m happy to be back to reality. Once I’m qualified as a doctor – my final exams are in two months – I know I’m going to be able make a real difference to people’s lives, which is something that I’ve always aspired to do. I hope, with the platform I’ve got, I’ve been able to do a bit of that already. I’ve had so many messages from people telling me I’ve inspired them to take up running. Whenever I get a message like that, it makes my day. When I applied for Love Island, I had no expectations and, honestly, I didn’t mind if my life didn’t change that much. All I wanted was to do something that scared me, take on new challenge and hopefully find romance. It turns out I didn’t need the show for love! Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Back to Reality: The Traitors’ Kieran talks parting gifts, fan selfies and celeb DM slides MORE : Faye Winter thought her lip fillers ‘looked great’ until she watched herself on Love Island MORE : Romantic South African trips that will rival the Love Island villa