Four years after DCI John Luther was last seen on our TV screens, Idris Elba is back to crack the case as the crime-fighting, suave detective. In a first look teaser for the upcoming movie spin-off, which will be landing on Netflix, the 50-year-old actor is seen in character, stepping out from the shadows as he hints at the drama that will unfold. In the short clip for Luther: The Fallen Sun, the lead star stares directly at the camera, wearing a shirt, jacket and a red tie. He doesn’t take his eyes off the viewer, as a voice ominously says that ‘something’s coming’. As the hot-headed protagonist steps back into the shadows, another voice asks: ‘You see me now?’ While first look images have been released for Luther, this is the first look we have at the returning character in motion, as he seeks to right certain wrongs from his past. Ahead of the film’s release in cinemas in February and on Netflix in March, the streaming platform revealed that in the new continuation of the tale, a ‘gruesome serial killer is terrorising London’. However, Luther, who’s been ‘disgraced’, is currently sitting behind bars… but not for long. ‘Haunted by his failure to capture the cyber psychopath who now taunts him, Luther decides to break out of prison to finish the job by any means necessary,’ the company states. The film will feature several new faces joining the tale, as well as Dermot Crowley, who returns as Martin Schenk. Meanwhile, Widows star and Andor actor Andy Serkis join the cast as new characters. Countless fans expressed their excitement over Luther’s return after the release of the new teaser, with one tweeting: ‘Yeeesss finally Luther come back.’ ‘My excitement levels are high,’ another said, while someone else chimed in to add: ‘If you’re not on the Luther wagon, hop on.’ Speaking about the Luther movie years after the series last aired on BBC One, Idris said last September that he and the other people who worked on the project are ‘really proud’ of the production. ‘The world of Luther as a television show and film is similar, but the film has [huge] scale,’ he said. ‘We’re opening the doors and widening it so anything’s possible when you can do that.’ Luther: The Fallen Sun will be available in select cinemas from February 24 and on Netflix from March 10. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Matt Goss wants Idris Elba to play him in ‘warts-and-all’ Bros biopic MORE : Idris Elba flips off cameras as he leaves Odell Beckham Jr.’s 30th birthday party in Hollywood with wife Sabrina 