A mum with a heart-shaped uterus has defied the odds to give birth to ‘one-in-500 million’ twins. Karen Troy, 25, was shocked to discover she was pregnant with twins and had a bicornuate (heart-shaped) uterus in March 2021. The chance of becoming pregnant with the congenital abnormality is one-in-500-million. But despite the mum-of-three already having a daughter, now six, it wasn’t spotted until recently. Karen had a smooth pregnancy until she developed pre-eclampsia at 34 weeks, when her blood pressure rose and she had to be rushed for a c-section. Her twins, Ryan and Raelynn, were born on September 5, 2023, weighing 5lbs 10oz and 5lbs 1oz, and spent 27 days, before they were able to come home. Karen, a stay-at-home mum, from Northborough, Massachusetts, US, said: ‘I was more worried about the fact I was having two babies than having a heart-shaped uterus. ‘I just wanted to make sure they were okay.’ Initially, Karen didn’t even believe doctors when they diagnosed the uterine abnormality, so she went back for a second scan ‘to make sure it was true.’ When the babies arrived, she says it was ‘really emotional’. ‘I was so happy but scared to have two tiny babies,’ she added. ‘We were so excited when we got them home.’ When she and her husband, Shaunan, 24, who owns a junk removal company, were told they were expecting two babies at the 12-week scan, they were already in shock. However, the news about Karen’s heart-shaped uterus – which only around four in 1,000 women have – added to their nerves. ‘It’s very rare to have a heart-shaped uterus and fall pregnant with twins,’ Karen said. ‘I remember being confused at the scan. I just kept asking: “Are they okay?”‘ She decided to go for another scan to double-check the first sonographer had been right, and was monitored closely due to the high-risk nature of the pregnancy. Ryan was born, weighing 5lbs 10z at 9.44am, followed by Raelynn at 9.46am, weighing 5lbs 1oz. Karen recalled: ‘The first 24 hours were really hard for me. I had to stay in a machine to stop any seizures from the pre-eclampsia. ‘The twins had to stay in the NICU to learn to feed and stabilise their breathing. Ryan’s heart rate kept going up and down.’ Karen was able to come home after four days, but she had to leave the twins in hospital until they were ready to come home after 27 days. ‘It was depressing being home without them,’ she said. ‘We were so excited to finally bring them home and that everything had come well for them.’ The twins are now 16-months-old and are thriving, apart from some delays in their motor skills. Describing their personalities, Karen said: ‘They are both so different. ‘Raelynn is a hurricane. She loves to pick everything up and put it in her mouth. ‘Ryan will observe more and is quieter.’ The mum believes the reason her heart-shaped uterus was missed during her first pregnancy was because of how rare it is – and that it’s not always obvious in scans. Against all expectations, the family are now enjoying their new additions. ‘I’m just glad they are healthy and well,’ added Karen. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How Veganuary can help with menstrual cramps MORE : These cities named the best in the world for 2023 – but they’re some of the most expensive