Another week, another Tory scandal. In fact, this time there’s three. Nadhim Zahawi is in hot water over his tax affairs while Boris Johnson, no stranger to controversy, is facing claims that the chairman of the BBC helped him secure a £800k loan guarantee, weeks before the then-Prime Minister recommended him for that role. All this in the same week that Rishi Sunak was given a penalty notice for not wearing a seatbelt. Zahawi, the Tory Party chairman, is reported to have previously owed as much as £5m in total unpaid tax, including a penalty charge, which he put down as HMRC judging him to be ‘careless but not deliberate.’ Readers could be forgiven for wondering how a person can possibly be careless enough to not pay millions of pounds in tax. But upon closer inspection, it appears his words were chosen very carefully indeed. Dan Neidle, an independent tax expert, who has examined the former Chancellor’s arrangements, told the BBC that: ‘”Careless” has a very specific meaning. “Careless” means that you weren’t just wrong, you’re allowed to get your tax wrong… it works like this.’ ‘You or I, as long as we instruct a proper adviser, we give that adviser the right information, we follow advice, and we check that final tax return to the best that we’re able to, so long as we do that, even if it was completely wrong… we won’t pay penalties. To pay a 30% penalty, you didn’t do one or more of those things.’ This indicates that something was not done correctly, with some speculating that it was tax avoidance. As a minister, Zahawi’s position is clearly untenable and he must go. But that’s not even the end of it. It has been reported that Zahawi paid the alleged penalty between July and September last year, while he was Chancellor of the Exchequer. HMRC, which collects taxes, is ultimately accountable to Parliament through the Treasury, the department that Zahawi led during this period, which raises serious questions about the affair that must be answered. Questions like: did he avoid tax deliberately? Why was he in dispute with HMRC? Why didn’t he make this public when he became Chancellor? Why did he say that he was ‘being smeared’ when this allegation came to light? Ultimately, the Prime Minister needs to ensure we get answers – but he too seemingly wanted to avoid the issue at first. Only last Wednesday, Rishi Sunak said that Nadhim Zahawi ‘had already addressed this matter in full.’ But by Monday, Sunak said ‘there are questions that need answering’ and ordered his independent ethics adviser to investigate. So what changed in only a matter of days? This was the very question I asked the minister in Parliament. My theory is that Rishi Sunak expected the whole thing to be brushed under the carpet with no consequences. And by refusing to act sooner, Sunak risks looking like it is acceptable to him for a sitting government minister to pay tax penalties to an agency like HMRC that, until relatively recently, he was ultimately in charge of. It’s unbelievable. I have long said that the Tories do not think the rules apply to them, and these reports only strengthen that belief. And when it comes to the separate issue of Boris Johnson’s alleged loan guarantee, there are serious questions to answer there, too. Not only questions about the impartiality of the BBC when it comes to Johnson and its Chairman, whose role it is to uphold the independence of the corporation. But also questions as to whether or not any financial arrangement was properly declared on his parliamentary registry of interests, which states anything of the value of £300 and over must be registered, and this includes loans or credit arrangements. This, if not reported correctly, would be a breach of the MPs’ code of conduct. My party rightly wrote to the Parliament’s Standards Commissioner calling for an investigation, while it has also been reported that the process used to appoint Richard Sharp as BBC Chairman will also be reviewed. These are the right things to do, as Johnson has proven time and time again that he cannot be trusted at his word. Let’s not forget that Boris Johnson is already under investigation, with the cross-party Privileges Committee set to determine whether he misled Parliament over Partygate. Personally, I think Boris Johnson should be barred from standing for public office for at least five years. More widely, I have said in previous columns how, in my view, the Tories tested the waters with Dominic Cummings’ and Barnard Castle during lockdown, to see what the public would accept. This meant they continued to push the boundaries of acceptable conduct by public figures, like when Priti Patel kept her job despite an inquiry finding she had breached the ministerial code, Suella Braverman had to resign over a national security issue and was then put back in place, or Boris Johnson’s own refusal to quit over Partygate. I believe this method is straight out of the fascist playbook, undermining democracy, the rule of law, and trust in political institutions. So, it comes as no shock to me to see the Tories mired in more allegations now. We must wait for the findings of the investigations, but it’s already clear to me that the whole thing stinks. I have long criticised the Tories’ appalling conduct in office – notably during the coronavirus pandemic, when billions of pounds worth of Covid contracts were awarded to Tory-linked firms. If that happened in any other country, we’d call for the UN to investigate. These latest scandals highlight just how much this Conservative Party is tainted. After all, this isn’t just any old members – we are talking about the Chairman, the former Leader of the Tory Party and the current Prime Minister, whether through his own conduct or his shocking level of inaction when it comes to tackling scandals within his party. The level of self-interest, cronyism and mismanagement is staggering. I’m glad that people are seeing through the lies because, for so long, it felt as though they were getting away with it. Remember when I got thrown out of Parliament for calling Johnson a liar? Whatever the outcome of these latest scandals, the Tories have long behaved shamefully in power and at the next election, we cannot allow them to hide from their record. It finally feels like the Tory Party is collapsing under the weight of their own corruption. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Starmer brands PM ‘hopelessly weak’ for failure to sack Zahawi over tax affairs MORE : MP tells Nadhim Zahawi to ‘stand aside’ while his tax affairs are investigated MORE : Rishi orders investigation into Nadhim Zahawi’s tax affairs