Brendan Fraser didn’t pick up a Golden Globe on Tuesday night for his highly-acclaimed role in The Whale after previously boycotting the ceremony. The actor was beaten to the prize for best actor in a drama motion picture by Austin Butler, who scooped the accolade for his portrayal of music icon Elvis Presley in Elvis. It was Fraser’s first-ever Golden Globe nomination, and he was up against Butler as well as Hugh Jackman for The Son, Bill Nighy for Living and Jeremy Pope for The Inspection. Fraser, 54, previously spoke out against the event and promised he would not be attended in protest as it would make him a ‘hypocrite’ to do so. The Hollywood star, who is enjoying quite the big screen comeback thanks to his role in Darren Aronofsky’s The Whale as a reclusive English teacher who is battling a compulsive eating disorder, insisted he would not attend the glitzy ceremony if he was invited. He spoke out against the Globes in November, after previously alleging that, in 2003, he was sexually assaulted by Philip Berk, the former president of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA), at a luncheon. No charges were ever brought to Berk, who denied the allegations, and the HFPA, which organises the Golden Globes, continued on as normal after an internal investigation said Berk had acted inappropriately but meant it as a ‘joke’. Fraser had made the initial claim in 2018 to GQ Magazine, and two months ago appeared on the front cover of the publication with a new interview following the success of The Whale. Asked by the outlet if he would attend the Golden Globes, Fraser insisted he would be absent. ‘I have more history with the Hollywood Foreign Press Association than I have respect for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association,’ he said. ‘No, I will not participate.’ He added: ‘It’s because of the history that I have with them. And my mother didn’t raise a hypocrite. You can call me a lot of things, but not that.’ Reflecting on the controversy around the sexual assault allegations, he said he ‘knew [the HFPA] would close ranks.’ ‘I knew they would kick the can down the road. I knew they would get ahead of the story. I knew that I certainly had no future with that system as it was.’ Fans of Fraser also pledged to boycott the Golden Globes, with many taking to Twitter before and during the event, urging others to turn it off as it returned to TV after a year off. One fan wrote: ‘I hope Brendan Fraser is having a nice evening. Sad to see so many people watching that* awards show tonight, and that the boycott only lasted long enough for people to shake off the memory (or at least rid themselves of guilt) of the HFPA’s highly unethical ways.’ Another said: ‘If you care about Brendan Fraser, you’ll boycott the Golden Globes.’ ‘We will be watching the mummy starring Brendan Fraser instead of the #GoldenGlobes,’ one fan promised. Fraser, star of films including The Mummy, George of the Jungle and Crash, is enjoying a stellar Hollywood comeback thanks to his role in The Whale. Acclaimed by both critics and film fans, he has received several standing ovations from movie audiences for his role in the drama, and was reduced to tears at the premiere reception at the Venice Film Festival, where he and his co-stars were given a six-minute standing ovation. He later became emotional as the film was subject to a similarly rapturous reception at the London Film Festival days later. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Zendaya apologises for missing Golden Globes after scooping first award at ceremony for Euphoria MORE : Eddie Murphy makes Will Smith Oscars slap joke during Golden Globes 2023 award speech  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 