A man has been arrested by counter-terror police after a potentially suspicious package sparked an evacuation at a hospital’s maternity wing. Emergency services, including army specialists and a bomb disposal unit, were scrambled to the Gledhow Wing of St James’ Hospital in Leeds on Friday morning. Police say the man was arrested at 5am on suspicion of firearms and explosives offences, after being found in possession of a suspected firearm and a suspicious device in the hospital grounds. He was detained for questioning and remains in custody. Superintendent Dan Wood, of Leeds District Police, said: ‘This incident was brought to a safe conclusion by the work of the emergency services, and a man has been arrested in connection with it and remains in custody. ‘We are continuing to liaise with our counter terrorism colleagues as they progress their investigation. ‘We recognise that an incident of this nature will cause understandable public concern and we are linking with our partner agencies and key community representatives to reassure them and keep them informed.’ The hospital is home to the majority of the hospital’s maternity services, as well as some respiratory and bereavement services. People have been asked to avoid the entrance to the maternity wing while the cordon remains in place. Counter Terrorism Policing North East (CTP North East) has now taken responsibility for leading this investigation. Extensive enquiries are underway to establish the full circumstances of the incident and any potential motivation, the force said in a statement. The situation is being treated as an isolated incident at this time. Police ask that people continue to use alternative entrances to the hospital. The Emergency Department at St James’s remains open, and patients are asked to attend outpatient appointments as normal unless contacted otherwise. In a statement, the Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust said: ‘A cordon has been put in place as a precautionary measure to ensure public safety and we have been working with the police to evacuate some ward areas to keep our patients and staff safe. ‘Patients are being asked to attend hospital as normal for appointments, unless they are contacted otherwise. ‘Visiting for patients who are currently in Gledhow Wing and Lincoln Wing at St James’s Hospital is suspended until we have more information.’ The trust said the accident and emergency department remains open. A statement from Counter Terrorism North East said: ‘Emergency services were called to a potentially suspicious package outside the Gledhow Wing of St James’s Hospital, Beckett Street, Leeds earlier this morning. ‘A cordon has been put in place as a precautionary measure for public safety and army specialists are in attendance to make an assessment in line with normal procedures. ‘People are asked to avoid the entrance to the Gledhow Wing at this time while the cordon remains in place. ‘As a safety precaution, some people have been evacuated from the immediate vicinity. ‘A 27-year-old man from Leeds has been arrested in connection with the matter. ‘Due to the nature of the incident, CTP North East has deployed resources with access to specialist capabilities to help establish the full circumstances surrounding the incident. ‘Emergency department at St James’s remains open, and patients are asked to attend outpatient appointments as normal unless contacted otherwise.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.