The Razzie nominations are in, and it’s bad news for Ana De Armas and Tom Hanks. Each year, while celebrities pick up their Oscars and Baftas, Golden Globes and Critics Choice Awards, there’s another, not-so-coveted awards taking place. The Razzies – aka the Golden Raspberry Award – celebrate the worst films and performances of the year, and is not an accolade you’d want on your acting portfolio. Some stars can be great sports about it all, such as Sandra Bullock, who collected her 2010 award for worst actress in person, and even made a speech. The awards have also proved controversial, with the Razzies apologising last year to Bruce Willis following his aphasia diagnosis after he was nominated for and won in a category made especially for him – ‘worst performance by Bruce Willis in a 2021 movie’. This year has seen some other massive names nominated, with Marilyn Monroe biopic Blonde leading the pack with eight nominations. Blonde is nominated for worst picture and worst screenplay, as well as worst director and two nominations for worst screen couple, worst remake/rip-off/sequel, and worst supporting actor for both Xavier Samuel and Evan Willams. Ana herself can at least breathe a slight sigh of relief as she herself has not been nominated, with worst actress nominations going to Ryan Kiera Armstrong, Bryce Dallas Howard, Diane Keaton, Kaya Scodelario and Alii Silverstone. It would have been a serious leap in judgement, considering the Knives Out actress is in the running for a Bafta for leading actress thanks to her performance as Marilyn in the film. The same, unfortunately, cannot be said for Oscar-winner Tom Hanks, whose acting skills are under fire in the 2023 Razzies. While the Elvis biopic is up for nine Bafta awards, it has also clinched two Razzie nominations, both picking on the Forrest Gump star. Tom is in the running for worst supporting actor, along with Pete Davidson, Mod Sun and Blonde’s Xavier and Evan, and the film is also nominated in the worst screen couple category for, as they put it, ‘Tom Hanks & his latex-laden face (and ludicrous accent)’ in Elvis. The star is also in the running for worst actor thanks to his role in Disney’s Pinocchio remake. Also getting absolutely slated at the Razzies is musician Machine Gun Kelly, aka Colson Baker, whose stoner comedy Good Mourning came in just behind Blonde with seven nominations. Kelly’s flick is in the running for worst picture, worst actor (MGK himself) two worst supporting actors (Mod and Pete), worst screen couple (MGK and Mod), worst director and worst screenplay. The Razzies also joined the entire internet in making fun of Morbius, starring Jared Leto, with five nominations; Disney’s Pinnochio has six, and The King’s Daughter has three. Usually fairly light-hearted, the Razzies came under fire last year after Die Hard star Bruce was revealed to be suffering from aphasia, a type of dementia which affects a person’s language skills. Razzies co-founders John Wilson and Mo Murphy apologised and made the decision to rescind the Razzies Bruce had been awarded, as ‘if someone’s medical condition is a factor in their decision making and/or their performance, we acknowledge that it is not appropriate to give them a Razzie.’ Their spokesperson clarified that Razzie organisers were unaware of Willis’ condition at the time of the nominations and awards. Willis won the award for his role in Cosmic Sin, which was one of seven of his movies that came out last year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bafta defends nomination of only one woman for best director as CEO praises diversity of 2023 awards MORE : Colin Farrell, Ana De Armas and Paul Mescal among Bafta 2023 nominees as All Quiet on the Western Front bags a massive 14 nods 