Another celebrity has been unmasked on The Masked Singer UK, with none other than Katherine Ryan masquerading as Pigeon. The popular ITV competition series sees a host of stars sport extravagant costumes while belting out tunes, while judges Rita Ora, Jonathan Ross, Davina McCall and Mo Gilligan guess their identity. In the latest instalment of the juggernaut series, presented by Joel Dommett, Rhino, Fawn, Pigeon, Jacket Potato, Knitting, Jellyfish, Otter, and Phoenix took to the stage for their second performance. But it wasn’t to be for Pigeon, aka Katherine, who landed in the bottom two with Jacket Potato, with the latter ultimately saved by the judging panel. The 39-year-old comedienne, who was expecting her third child at the time of filming, performed a rendition of Cheryl’s hit Fight For This Love. n a bid to deceive the panel, crafty Katherine had used an Essex accent inspired by Towis star Gemma Collins to disguise her natural Canadian voice. After removing her mask, she said: ‘I can only do sort of an Essex accent because I watch so much ITV. I love reality TV. I love The GC! ‘I love Cheryl and I used to do a bit of roast comedy in my act about her so I feel like it’s beautiful karma that I went off on her song.’ When asked about her then-unborn child, she said: ‘I have a month left. I feel like I have a baby’s foot in my lung at most times and it is actually harder than I thought. ‘But you can’t tell my daughter anything because she would spill it to the whole school so she’ll be finding out along with everyone else!’ Katherine’s baby daughter, shared with partner Bobby Kootstra, was born on December 16, with her proud parents giving her the name Fenna. So far on The Masked Singer, footballing legend Chris Kamara became the first celeb to be unveiled as Ghost, while pop icon Lulu was discovered to be behind Piece of Cake. Shirlie and Martin Kemp were also unmasked as Cat & Mouse, much to the surprise of their son, DJ and I’m A Celeb star Roman Kemp. Last week, seven-time world champion snooker player Stephen Hendry was revealed as Rubbish, although his stint on the show got him into a spot of bother. More to follow. The Masked Singer UK continues on Saturday at 7pm on ITV and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Masked Singer fans convinced Pigeon is comedian Katherine Ryan MORE : The Masked Singer viewers convinced Fawn is Natalie or Nicole Appleton due to loads of All Saints clues 