This is the shocking moment a wild elephant smashes its head through a kitchen window in Malaysia. The large mammal sent pots and pans flying as it manoeuvred its trunk in search of a snack. It visited the house, home to three farm workers, in Gua Musang City, Kelantan State at 4am on January 4. The home’s inhabitants were jolted awake by the noise and ran downstairs to film the encounter. Footage shows the elephant using its trunk to rifle through dishes left on the sink. The animal then tries to reach further inside and pushes its face directly into the now empty window frame. Despite its best efforts, the elephant was unable to get in the room. A man in orange can be seen waving a lit mosquito coil at the creature, scaring it away into the darkness. The unruly elephant made off with salt, oil and instant noodles. Farm worker Mohammad Khairul Faiza Muhammad Din, 30, said: ‘We were very surprised to see an elephant rummaging through the kitchen with its trunk. ‘It seemed to be looking for food. After going through our kitchen, it went towards the forest.’ Despite not hurting anyone, the creature raised alarm among the workers, who feared that more elephants will come to ransack the house. Faiza said: ‘In six years of work, this is the first time we have experienced an incident like this. ‘Several times, elephants have damaged oil palm plantations, but now they have even entered residential areas. We are very worried.’ The Kelantan National Park and Animal Protection Service said it has launched an investigation into the incident. Staff believe the hungry jumbo was attracted by the smell of food. Mohamad Hafid Rohani, director of Wildlife Protection and Kelantan National Park, said: ‘Upon receiving the report, officers immediately headed to the location but the animal had already entered the forest. It might have been an elephant out looking for food.’ He also asked residents to be more careful with the presence of wild elephants in the city. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.