Ready to see the cutest thing ever? We give you, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s son watching him on TV playing football. The one-year-old – who the Liverpool FC player shares with Little Mix star Perrie Edwards – was absolutely in awe of his ‘dadda’ as he took on Brentford with his team. While the team ended up losing 3-1, the single goal was thanks to The Ox, whose son cheered him on from his high chair at home. Capturing the adorable moment on camera, pop star Perrie, 29, shared a video of Axel transfixed on the screen as his daddy, also 29, gave it his all on the pitch. ‘Dadda!’, Axel exclaimed with a massive smile, pointing at the screen while what was left of his dinner had been long forgotten. In a second video, little Axel showed he’s already been picking up tricks from his footie star dad, as he managed to score a goal of his own in a tiny net. Black Magic hitmaker Perrie cheered and clapped with excitement as her child showed promising sporting talents at his tender age. Perrie and Alex welcomed their first child together in 2021, with Axel celebrating his first birthday in August. The girlband member has since given her millions of fans a glimpse inside life as a mum with plenty of snaps on Instagram, documenting all the milestones with her son. Just weeks ago, Axel got to experience snow for the first time, and looked totally bewildered yet besotted as he plodded around the white garden before building a snowman. The toddler donned the cutest snowsuit and beanie, and fans couldn’t help but point out how he’s the spitting image of dad Alex. ‘Axel melts my heart experiencing snow for the first time! ❄️’, Perrie captioned her video, which had Do You Want to Build a Snowman? from the film Frozen playing in the background. As for Axel’s parents, fans will surely be wondering whether 2023 is the year Perrie and Alex walk down the aisle. The footballer got down on one knee in June last year, with Perrie announcing the exciting news by declaring him ‘the love of my life.’ Perrie – who was previously engaged to One Direction star Zayn Malik – started dating Alex in 2016 and they’ve been smitten with one another ever since. Now she has the sparkling engagement ring to prove it, and surely it’s only a matter of time before the wedding bells start chiming? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Perrie Edwards gives fans glimpse inside family holiday with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain as they visit Dubai fairground with adorable baby Axel MORE : Little Mix star Jade Thirlwall celebrates 30th birthday in iconic style with delicious Greggs-themed party 