With New Year’s Day upon us, we’re all thinking ahead to resolutions for the next 12 months. For many, better health is top of the list – especially after such an indulgent festive period. And prioritising a healthy gut is a great place to start. Nutritionist Shona Wilkinson, from nutrition and supplement brand DR.VEGAN, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Most people forget that the gut does much more than simply digest your food. Gut health impacts your energy, skin, immune system, ability to concentrate, sleep, and much more. ‘Poor gut health can wreak havoc on so many aspects of your life, many of which people are totally unaware of. ‘If you start taking care of your gut and being mindful about the foods you eat, you should expect better skin, better sleep, better focus, and a healthier immune system. People should have gut health at the forefront of their minds in 2023 – it’s much more important than you think.’ Shona has shared five signs you may need to give your gut a little more TLC and where to start when it comes to making things better. A healthy gut can act as a detoxifier and fuels the production of collagen, which is very good for the skin, explains Shona. This is why nutritionists recommend that skin supplements contain probiotics. She adds: ‘If natural detoxification doesn’t occur in the gut, toxins will be re-absorbed through the gut and pushed out through the skin, and can cause inflammation, redness, and acne.’ Our guts and our immune systems are very much intertwined. ‘Your gut regulates immune function through the intestinal epithelial barrier,’ explains Shona. ‘In fact, around 70% of your immune health is driven by your gut – so it’s very important to take good care of it. ‘A healthy gut means a strong immune system and faster immune response – which means you won’t be hit with those nasty colds as often.’ Good sleep requires good levels of melatonin, which initiates the onset of sleep and is converted from serotonin, explains Shona. She says: ‘Serotonin is produced in the gut and requires amino acids and probiotics for its creation. ‘A healthy gut that can produce lots of serotonin can not only improve your ability to fall asleep, but also the quality of your sleep.’ Shona says: ‘Low stomach acid and poor enzyme production can inhibit the breakdown of foods, fibres, sugars, and fats, and allows bacterial fermentation – which creates gas and bloating.’ Certain supplements can help relieve digestive-related bloating, but a change in diet may help, too. Lots of the chemicals in your brain originate from the gut – a phenomenon known as The Gut-Brain Axis. So a healthy gut means better brain function. Shona says: ‘The main chemicals needed for concentration are acetylcholine, dopamine and noradrenaline, which are all produced in the gut before being taken to the brain. ‘If you struggle concentrating, or suffer with a low attention span, you might want to take a look at your gut health.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : New Year’s resolutions are supposed to be about self-improvement – but they just wreck my mental health instead MORE : Feeling bloated and sluggish after Christmas? The tell-tale signs you might have a food intolerance MORE : How to incorporate more cardio into your fitness resolutions