Hate preacher Anjem Choudary has told jihadis to target British troops after Prince Harry said he had killed 25 people in his book. The Duke of Sussex revealed his kill number when he was an Apache pilot during his tour of Afghanistan during the war in the mid-noughties in his new book ‘Spare’. He says that he did not think of the 25 as ‘people’ but rather ‘chess pieces’ that had to be taken off the board. He wanted ‘baddies eliminated before they could kill goodies’, he added in the book. The admission led to the Taliban condemning Harry and accusing him of ‘war crimes’. It is the first time the Prince, 38, has discussed the number of Taliban fighters he personally killed during his military service. The Prince has long been regarded as a terrorist target not only because of his royal status but also because of his two deployments to Afghanistan, which have made him a target for Islamist terrorist organisations. Writing about his time in Afghanistan, the Prince describes watching video of each ‘kill’ when he returned to base, as a nose-mounted video camera on his Apache helicopter recorded each mission in full. He says that in the ‘din and confusion of combat’ he saw the insurgents he killed as ‘baddies eliminated before they could kill goodies’. It is not possible to kill someone ‘if you see them as a person’, he says, but the Army had ‘trained me to ‘other’ them and they had trained me well.’ MORE : Terrorists ‘may target Invictus Games’ after Prince Harry says he killed 25 people Choudary has now urged jihadis to target British troops in ‘Syria, Iraq and North Africa where many British soldiers are deployed’, the Mail on Sunday reports. In a vile rant, Choudary said: ‘The world now knows of the wickedness that the US, UK and others engaged in, including repeatedly murdering innocent unarmed Muslims…Nevertheless, Harry still saw fit to plunge his knife further into the hearts of Muslims with his callous boastful comments.’ Choudary’s incendiary comments have been slammed by officials, who urged Prince Harry to make a further statement ‘of humility’ following the revelation. Ex-Tory leader Iain Duncan-Smith said the comments from Choudary were a ‘direct and indirect threat to our constitutional head of state, our monarchy, and for that matter our Government and all public servants’. MORE : Where can you preorder Prince Harry’s explosive new book, Spare? MORE : William ‘lunged at Harry, screaming and shouting over Oprah interview’ He urged the police and security services to ‘move on this man’. Tobias Ellwood, Tory MP for Bournemouth East, added: ‘I would encourage Prince Harry to follow up with a statement of humility to clarify it was unwise to make such comments and out of step to what the rest of the Armed Forces do. ‘I believe he needs to recognise it was ill-construed, will be interpreted the wrong way and to ratchet up hate. Otherwise there will be others in addition to Choudary who will try to stir up hatred.’ It comes after Admiral Lord West, former head of the Royal Navy, called the Duke of Sussex ‘very stupid’ for giving details of his Taliban kills. The retired admiral said the Invictus Games – which were due to be held in Dusseldorf, Germany, in 2023 – will now have ‘serious security issues’ because of their direct connection to Harry. ‘The Invictus Games is very much labelled to him and so I would have thought the threat level there will definitely be higher,’ he told the Sunday Mirror. ‘There will be serious security issues because of what he said. Measures will have to be put in place to protect the veterans. ‘And there will be people who, given half the chance, will want to do something.’ The international multi-sport event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, of which the duke is the patron, will now be a prime target for those wanting revenge, Lord West said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.