After several months of my heart racing, I finally decided to consult a doctor. It wasn’t exactly my decision, but that of a colleague who watched me clutch my chest at work and told me kindly, but firmly, to stop being a d**k and speak to my GP. For a while I’d been feeling my heartbeat in my head, which wasn’t ideal. Sometimes the palpitations were so strong it was like I could see them pulsating in my line of vision. It was the kind of sensation you might get after drinking five coffees and a Red Bull, but it was happening all day, every day. After a once-over, I found out my bloods were fine. My scans were normal. So what could it be? ‘Are you a smoker?’, asked the kind-eyed doctor from behind her mask. ‘No’, I replied, bursting with pride at having quit two years ago without a relapse ‘I turned to vaping and never looked back.’ ‘How often do you vape?’ ‘All day, every day.’ You might be able to see where this is going by now. After a conversation about my lifestyle, it turns out I was ingesting so much nicotine, that it was most likely to blame for my palpitations. In fact, by getting through just over one disposable vape per day, I was ingesting the equivalent daily nicotine intake of about 50-60 cigarettes – and I had no idea. Nicotine is highly addictive. As a stimulant, it increases the action of the central nervous system, the heart and other organs. The levels of nicotine I was ingesting were so high, I was over-stimulating my body. I was mortified to say the least. I’d been using a brand of vape that was labelled as having 2% nicotine, which sounded pretty low, so in my ignorance I thought I was being pretty responsible. As I later found out, 2% nicotine equates to 20mg/ml, which is the maximum strength permitted in the UK before it becomes illegal. I vowed never to vape again, but the kind-eyed doctor suggested that I wean myself off slowly instead. As someone who has a fairly irregular sleep routine, my nicotine vape felt like the get-up-and-go I needed to start the day. It became my go-to when I had a particularly stressful day at work. After my shock at the GP, I knew my lifestyle was going to have to change significantly if I was to have any chance of quitting altogether. The vape I had been using was one of the products that hit the headlines this week, as Waitrose announced it would ban disposable vapes from its stores amid health concerns, particularly among young people. With their brightly coloured design and fruity flavours, single use vapes have proven to be extremely popular among teens in recent years, even though it’s illegal to sell them to under 18s. Environmental considerations were another factor in Waitrose’s decision to remove the products from their stores. Disposable vapes contain lithium batteries, which can leak and cause toxic waste and environmental damage if they are not disposed of correctly. Single use vapes should be recycled along with other battery products but finding a recycling point can prove to be a little tricky, so much so that I have a bag of vapes waiting by the bin for the day I find a place willing to take them. It’s no wonder people are chucking them in general waste instead. Vape companies hit back at Waitrose by claiming they were hypocritical to remove disposable vapes while continuing to stock cigarettes, as they are substantially less harmful than smoking, according to a major review of nicotine products. But with the number of 16–18-year-olds saying they use e-cigarettes doubling in 2021 alone, I can see why the chain feels it has a responsibility to reduce access to the products for all customers. The last thing I want to do by sharing my nicotine-overdose experience is make people think they may as well stick to smoking. Vapes contain no tobacco or tar, so they make for a far better alternative to smoking. But in my case, the levels of nicotine I was ingesting were so high that I was experiencing heart palpitations as a result. If I was made aware of the effects of such a high dose, I would’ve opted for a lower dose alternative. Which is why I believe there should be more transparency about vaping and its side-effects. I understand why people are hesitant to discuss the topic, perhaps fearing they may be promoting it as a result. But the fact is, if teenagers want to try a vape or cigarette, they will. In my mind it would be far better to equip them with the truth about vaping and smoking and be up front about the impact both products could have on their health, their addictions and the environment. Vape companies should be honest about what is contained within their products, and prominently list potential side-effects, as medications do. I’ve cut down massively since my episode and I’m pleased to say the palpitations have stopped. I’m working towards a zero-nicotine life, but I know that these things take time and patience. Vapes should be available to adults who want to use them, but the industry needs to work harder to ensure everyone is better informed, if only to stop idiots like me from thinking they’ve had a heart attack. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Boy almost lost his foot after he stamped on plastic vape and it impaled him MORE : Can you take disposable vapes on a plane in the UK? MORE : Teenage girls are using vapes as an appetite suppressant