South Wales Police have confirmed a body has been found in the search of missing journalist Aled Glynne Davies after Huw Edwards issued an appeal. The BBC News at Ten presenter, 61, had asked his social media followers to check their CCTV from doorbells and security cameras on Wednesday after Davies disappeared. The former editor of Radio Cymru, 65, was last seen on New Year’s Eve in the Pontcanna area of Cardiff at 10.30pm before he went missing. Family and loved ones, including his Gruffudd Glyn, who shared the details of a search taking place on January 2, were involved in the efforts to find the broadcaster. On Wednesday, the local police force said on Twitter that they had ‘discovered a body’ in the area Davies went missing. They added: ‘Although he has not been formally identified yet, we think it is Aled and his family has been informed.’ Following the update, Edwards said on Twitter: ‘Heartbreaking news. Aled was a journalist and broadcaster of rare ability. He was also a kind and generous man. Deepest sympathy to Afryl and the family.’ Glyn also wrote on Twitter to ‘thank you so much for all your efforts’, adding: Thank you so much for all your efforts. We are heartbroken to announce that Dad was discovered in the river this morning. ‘Now it’s time for us all to relax. Let us all celebrate Dad’s life x Afryl, Gwenllian and Gruff (and the rest of our family).’ Davies worked at Radio Cymru for more than a decade between 1995 and 2006 and was a senior producer at the BBC’s TV News service on S4C. Along with his wife Afryl Davies, he founded production company Goriad Cyfyngedig in 2007, which creates television and radio programmes. Among the TV shows the firm produced were docuseries Cymry’r Cant, which followed eight people over the age of 100, and documentary Siarad Plant, which saw Welsh children give their verdict on the world. Davies was also an experienced radio and TV juror, judging programmes for Bafta Cymru,  the Wales Media Awards and the Celtic Media Festival. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Life And Loves Of A She-Devil author and Pride and Prejudice screenwriter Fay Weldon dies aged 91 MORE : James May leads tributes to fellow Top Gear star Ken Block following death in snowmobile accident aged 55 