It’s time to start planning your outfits and routines as Beyonce is planning to take Renaissance on a huge tour, according to her dad. The Cuff It singer returned to the charts with an almighty bang last summer, thanks to her acclaimed album. However, fans have been calling out for the 41-year-old to release music videos or visuals for the tracks, as well as any information on upcoming tour dates. Despite a stunning performance in Dubai over the weekend, we’ve all been in the dark about when we can see Queen Bey on stage next. Chatting to TMZ, Mathew Knowles urged the Beyhive to be patient, claiming the Oscar-nominee is planning a tour but will be making the announcement when she is ready. She was also praised by mom Tina Knowles in the wake of the concert – which marked one of her biggest shows in years. ‘It was very beautiful,’ she told the publication, before being asked whether the mom-of-three had some nerves about her stage return. ‘Yeah, I think everybody does, a little bit,’ she replied, adding: ‘She killed it.’ However, Tina remained tight-lipped on the backlash against the music icon for performing in Dubai despite the country’s strict anti-LGBTQ+ laws. Beyonce took to the stage for her first headline concert since 2018, performing at a private launch for the grand reveal of Atlantis The Royal – billed as the world’s most ultra-luxury resort. Metro.co.uk was lucky enough to be in the audience for the once-in-a-lifetime show. The Grammy-winner performed some of her biggest hits in the set, kicking things off with a stunning rendition of Etta James’ hit At Last. At one point, she was joined by eldest daughter Blue Ivy for a surprise duet, before ending the show with a spectacular fireworks display. Speaking to her fans, she said: ‘There’s a Utopia of people from all over the world on this stage and we are so honored to be here to celebrate this night with you. ‘My parents are here tonight to celebrate – my mother and my father. My beautiful children are here to see me perform and my beautiful husband.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Beyonce’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon doles out advice on how often to change your bedsheets – and it may surprise you MORE : Simon Cowell gives the thumbs up as Britain’s Got Talent auditions kick off with ’emotional’ new judge Bruno Tonioli  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 