A paramedic said she felt ‘frightened, scared and vulnerable’ when a patient groped her and exposed himself. Naveed Ahmed, 35, is currently serving a nine-month sentence for sexually assaulting her in Edgware Road, central London, last October. Now the victim, Charlotte Miller, has decided to waive her anonymity and speak out about her experience to encourage others to report assaults. She said: ‘My crewmate and I were encouraging the patient to get into the ambulance so we could assess him but he grabbed my crotch and tried to grab me again. Then he pulled his pants down. ‘I couldn’t believe it, I was asking myself if it really happened. I was frightened and scared. ‘I think the reason I was so shocked was because it was so unexpected – I was there to help him. ‘The whole thing was sickening and disgusting and really made us feel quite vulnerable.’ Charlotte used her radio to call police and they showed up within less than a minute. She added: ‘I would urge everyone to report these things because I was well supported by my management team and by the police. ‘It’s only by reporting this sort of behaviour and helping police to prosecute that the message will get through that there are serious consequences.’ Staff at the London Ambulance Service are no strangers to having a difficult time at work. Last year there were a total of 49 sexual assaults on workers or volunteers and 516 physical assaults, including kicking, punching, head-butting and attacks with a weapon. There were also 601 reports of verbal abuse or threats of violence. The service has spent more than £3 million in equipping its ambulances with video cameras. Footage has helped with several prosecutions, including Ahmed’s. Chief paramedic Dr John Martin said: ‘Our ambulance crews and call handlers should be able to work without fear of violence, sexual violence or threats. ‘They come to work each day to help others so we will do everything we can to keep them safe and ensure they are treated with the respect they deserve.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.