Brooklyn Beckham posted a sweet note of congratulations to his younger brother Romeo following a footballing contract with Brentford FC. Romeo, 20, followed in his father’s footsteps after he signed a contract to play ball with the West London side’s B team. The eldest Beckham boy, 23, spent Christmas away from his famous family but showed he was still there to support his siblings on Saturday when he uploaded the tribute to his Instagram account. Brooklyn celebrated the festive season in the US with his actress wife Nicola Peltz, 27, amid months of ‘feud’ rumours between the American beauty and the budding chef’s popstar mother, Victoria Beckham, 48. Signing a contract that would kickstart the youngster’s professional footballing career, Romeo grinned for a picture with his dad David as he picked up the pen to write his name on the dotted line. The iconic moment was shared on Sky Sports Instagram as they watched the next generation take the reigns. Alongside the snap, the outlet captioned the image: ‘A proud moment. ‘David Beckham poses with son Romeo after the 20-year-old signed with the Brentford B team on loan from Inter Miami until the end of the season.’ Re-sharing the upload to his own social media stories, Brooklyn typed: ‘Well done lil bro x [sic]’ and dropped the same comment underneath Romeo’s personal post. Making the loan switch from his dad’s MLS franchise Inter Miami, Romeo revealed he was feeling ‘proud and very happy’ to be with the Premier League side. Posting his news to his Instagram feed, the middle Beckham child shared a gallery of pictures at the English club and wrote the message: ‘An exciting start to the year. Looking forward to the challenge.’ Among the comment made by his older brother, plenty of other famous faces took time out to congratulate the offspring on his latest adventure. Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay penned: ‘Congrats @romeobeckham’ following a red love heart, while girlfriend Mia Regan posted a star and two hearts in praise for her partner. The news came after the family were spotted getting into the Christmas spirit without their eldest child as he chose to stay in sunny America with his wife Nicola. Noting his absence, the couple who are also parents to Cruz, 17, and Harper Seven, 11 published sweet family photos throughout the holidays. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Victoria Beckham jumps to Brooklyn Beckham’s defence over Sunday roast video: ‘It’s rare people, not raw’ MORE : Brooklyn Beckham went above and beyond to be supportive husband to Nicola Peltz while she filmed Welcome To Chippendales 