Beyonce has left us quite literally speechless with her gorgeous golden look for the opening weekend of The Royal Atlantis in Dubai. The stars came out in force for the glam occasion, with Liam Payne, Rebel Wilson, Kendall Jenner and so many more digging out their glad rags for the luxurious hotel launch. Performing a special one-hour set at the three-day extravaganza, Queen Bey returned to the stage for the first time in four years. The Halo hitmaker was reportedly paid $24million (£19.4m) for the gig, which was her first since her 2018’s Global Citizen Festival appearance. Pulling up on the blue carpet at the venue, the Grammy winner could not have looked more stunning if she tried, donning the most beautiful ensemble you have ever laid eyes on. Covered head-to-toe in sequins, the superstar shimmered in a gold gown which showcased her curves. Beyoncé wore a pair of bedazzled tights underneath, peaking through the daring high split in her frock. Adding to the glamour, the American beauty wore a metallic cape with puffy sleeves, sitting off her shoulders as she smouldered for cameras. As for hair and make-up, the Drunk in Love songstress opted for a subtle shimmer on her eyes and glowing skin, wearing a pink gloss on her plump lips. The star completed the look with a beachy wavy hairstyle, and accessorised with glitzy silver earrings. Bey posed solo for cameras but supportive husband Jay Z was is also there, after DJing at Kendall’s tequila brand launch the previous night. Children Blue Ivy, 11, and five-year-old twins Rumi and Sir Carter were also at the resort to cheer on their superstar mother. As well as Beyoncé, Swedish House Mafia was booked to DJ at an afterparty at the exclusive invite-only event. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Renner reveals he broke more than 30 bones in snow plough accident as he thanks fans for support MORE : Alec Baldwin and wife Hilaria seen in New York as actor faces involuntary manslaughter charge  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 