I’m back in the gym after a year I will never forget and the signs are extremely positive 18 months out from my Olympic title defences in France. Not only have I returned to training, it’s also time to get back competing again and I cannot wait to go into championships with a completely rebuilt mindset after opening up on my struggles that followed the Tokyo Games in 2021. I feel like I’ve had a break – and one that was really needed. This feels like an 18-month push to Paris and that is exciting, along with my whole shift in mindset which makes the sport a whole new ball game for me. Being honest, I’ve not pushed it yet but I am doing what’s right for me and currently that is four days a week in the gym. The result has been that I feel better than I did before Tokyo, which is a very positive sign. I have learnt the mind is so much more powerful than the body and I continue to learn about what I can do at this stage in my career. I don’t know how I am going to fare at my first competition in a year and a half at next month’s Scottish Championships but it feels like a bit of a comeback. I’m excited and going out with a brand new routine that includes three new skills. And right now, I don’t feel any pressure. Go back to the last Olympics and I felt like I had the weight of the world on my shoulders. The difference is, I am just thinking about the here and now and that is healthy for me. I hope things continue like that and I will listen to my body. There are the Scottish, English, British and, hopefully, European Championships to come if selected and I am going in with a realistic outlook. What does bode well for me is that I have not had that 100 per cent hunger for a long time – and it’s back now. I remember the relief at finishing a routine well in the past and that was because of the expectation that was on me. I’m really excited for 2024 and I think I’ve got my love back for the sport, which had been tapering off. I had never put myself out there as I did when I revealed I had been struggling with my mental health last year. Telling my story has made me more comfortable in who I am as a person and I feel I am more ‘real’ with everything subsequently. I’m more okay with how I felt when things were hard. There’s no embarrassment and it has brought more confidence out of me. It’s really a win-win on all angles. Now it’s about looking ahead, all about the future and I am excited to get going, knowing I have come through the ups and downs of a tumultuous 12 months. MORE : Max Whitlock: Getting past the fear of failure has put me on the road to Paris MORE : Max Whitlock: It’s vital we don’t let gymnastics get left behind after Tokyo high For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.