The pound might be struggling against the Euro and the dollar, but it offers great value when converted to many other currencies. Here are five holiday destinations where the pound will buy you more. £1 = 450 Sri Lankan rupeeBeer: Average £0.90 Coffee: Average £1.10 Three-course meal: Average £4.50 While the standalone costs of a Sri Lankan trip – flights and hotels – are no cheaper than before, those on the ground decidedly are. That’s because the country’s rupee halved in value following its recent economic turmoil. With the protests over and streets safer, the canny tack is to find good-value digs, then capitalise on that affordability by dining out and chartering driver-guides from as little as £30 a day to visit terrific historical sites (see Blue Lanka Tours). Where to stay: At Hideaway, a 14-room boutique with a pool, cocktail bar and yoga classes, in surfy Arugam Bay. From £61pn. £1 = 23.30 Turkish lireBeer: Average £1.60 Coffee: Average £1.30 Three-course meal: Average £7.50 Fifteen months ago, a pound bought you 12.50 lira; in early 2023 that figure has nearly doubled due to Turkey’s debt crisis. Despite rising Turkish inflation rates, it still adds up to the best Ottoman holiday prices in decades, especially if you steer for the beaches of the Turquoise Coast – named for its blue waters – and resort towns such as Fethiye, Marmaris or Bodrum. Where to stay: At Fethiye’s Tui Blue Sensatori, seven nights in June costs from £899pp, all-inclusive. £1 = 440 Hungarian forintsBeer: Average £1.30 Coffee: Average £1.40 Three-course meal: Average £16. While Hungary’s crippled economy has sadly forced some restaurants and hotels to close in elegant Budapest, visitors can get more bang for their buck. That includes the city’s thermal spas, plus the sandy shores of Lake Balaton, further west. Hotels are the exception, but you’ll swerve that by staying at an Airbnb. Where to stay: A stylish, two-bedroom loft in Budapest’s central Belvaros area, Karoly Korut 9 costs from £52pn, on Airbnb. £1 = 132 Albanian lekBeer: Average £1.10 Coffee: Average £1.10 Three-course meal: Average £12 With Croatia joining the eurozone this year, other Balkan destinations are luring bargain hunters. Albania, where medieval hilltop castles and glorious ruins give way to long, sandy shores, is in vogue. Consider these prices in late April: return London to Tirana flights from £110, including bags (EasyJet), and beachside stays there at only £57 per night. Brilliant. Where to stay: Durres’ Cosmo Hotel, whose garden restaurant serves fresh seafood. £1 = 229 Argentine pesosBeer: Average £1.50 Coffee: Average £1.40 Three-course meal: average £11 Ten of your hard-earned pounds were worth 230 Argentine pesos in 2017; fast forward to today and it’s now 2,285. Though inflation has also soared, hotels remain priced in US dollars and flights are pricey, it still means you can enjoy world-class wines and steaks for very little. Where to stay: Hotel Costa Rica has 20 high-ceiling bedrooms and a leafy terrace amid trendy Palermo in Buenos Aires. From £63pn. MORE : The best travel deals, from cheap spa luxury to skiing with Olympians MORE : How to pack light for your next holiday – from travel pillows to packing cubes