A 13-year-old boy who was getting food at a Chick-fil-A restaurant was fatally stabbed by a group of teenagers. The altercation broke out around 5.40pm on Wednesday at the intersection of Flower and 7th streets in downtown Los Angeles, according to cops. Police officers saw several young men fighting and separated them, but Marco Murillo Jr was stabbed in the abdomen during the scuffle. ‘Officers immediately provided medical treatment to Murillo and requested an ambulance,’ stated police. Marco was transported to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead. Police said that Marco and a suspect had a verbal argument that turned physical. ‘During the dispute, the suspect stabbed Murillo with an unidentified cutting instrument,’ said investigators, according to KTLA. The suspect fled eastbound on 7th Street. He was described as between 14 and 17 years old and of medium height and build. Marco’s mother, Lorena Lopez, said she was not aware of her son knowing the teenagers before he was attacked. ‘As far as I know my son’s never seen these guys a day in his life,’ she told ABC 7. ‘My son’s never seen these guys. I’ve never seen them.’ Marco, of Rialto, ‘was a good kid, with good intentions and a good soul’, his aunt Alexis Lopez told the TV station. Family members at a vigil for Marco remembered him with photographs and handwritten notes. ‘He was so loved,’ said family friend Amanda Patterson, according to ABC 7. ‘He was so helpful and wonderful.’ Patterson called for the suspects to turn themselves in to police. ‘It’s the right thing to do,’ she said. ‘The mom doesn’t deserve to bury her 13-year-old son.’ Police are searching for two juvenile suspects. One suspect was detained and handcuffed at the scene, but another person hit officers with a skateboard and allowed him to escape. The individual who flung the skateboard has been taken into custody. Anyone with information is urged to contact the Los Angeles Police Department. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.