Brighton have rejected a bid from Chelsea for midfielder Moises Caicedo worth £55m, with the Seagulls valuing him far higher. The 21-year-old has been linked with a move away from Brighton after consistently impressive performances for his club and for Ecuador. Graham Potter is keen to link up with Caicedo again after working together at Brighton and The Athletic confirm that the Blues have made a £55m bid for his services, but Brighton have turned it down. The report states that the Seagulls would only consider an offer ‘far higher’ but they view him as not for sale and have no intention of selling the Ecuadorian this month. Brighton are under no real pressure to sell, with Caicedo’s contract running until 2025 after arriving at the club from Independiente del Valle in February 2021. It has been a meteoric rise for Caicedo since that arrival from the Ecuadorian Serie A as he is the subject of a £55m bid after playing just 25 Premier League games for Brighton. The youngster also spent time on loan in Belgium with Beerschot last season, gaining experience before returning to star in the Seagulls first team. Roberto De Zerbi, who has replaced Potter as Brighton manager, will be desperate to keep hold of Caicedo for as long as possible after claiming he could become one of the best midfielders in the top flight. ‘Caicedo, for me, could become one of the best midfielders in the Premier League and in Europe,’ said the Seagulls boss shortly after moving to the Premier League hismelf. ‘Caicedo’s ability out of possession will be tested by Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium today. ‘Caicedo is a top player with and without the ball,” De Zerbi said. “There are many players who are very good with the ball but without it in defensive spaces are not so good. Others in the defensive space are top but with the ball, there are some problems. ‘With Caicedo, I don’t see anything not at the top level. And he is only 20, he is very young, so he can learn and improve more. He has no limit.’ MORE : Chelsea agree £35m deal with PSV to sign Noni Madueke MORE : Timo Werner blown away by Chelsea target Josko Gvardiol and reveals how Premier League spell changed him For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 