Celine Dion fans have taken matters into their hands after the pop icon was brutally missed off Rolling Stones’ viral 200 Greatest Singers of All Time list. For the uninitiated, the storied rock magazine published the list on New Year’s Day, awarding Rosalía the spot of the 200th best crooner of all time, followed shortly by Billie Eilish at 198. Hitting the halfway mark at 100 was the upcoming Glastonbury headliner Sir Elton John, while close to the finishing line was Someone Like You icon Adele at 22 and Queen Beyonce at eight. Mariah Carey, unsurprisingly, came in at number 5,  with Sam Cooke, Whitney Houston and Aretha Franklin bringing it home in third, second and first respectively. But there was not even the slightest hint of The My Heart Will Go On singer, 54, who is the best-selling Canadian recording artist of all time, no less, sparking fury among fans and fellow stars. Among those completely shocked by The Power of Love belter’s notable absence was songwriter Diane Warren, branding the list – and ranking of talent in general – as ‘stupid ass.’ And a group of Celine’s avid fans aren’t going to let Rolling Stone forget the omission, having picketed outside the publication’s New York offices on Friday. The Celine lovers arrived with placards, emblazoned with the likes of ‘Rolling Stone you’ve hit an iceberg’ and ‘Rolling Stone your Stoned’ as remarked by the magazine itself. They also blasted ‘That’s the Way It Is’ as the made their peaceful protest and chanted ‘Justice for Celine’ outside the Penske Media Corporation’s building. It comes just weeks after Celine revealed her health battle with stiff-person syndrome and postponed her word tour. The I’m Alive singer announced that she had been diagnosed with the syndrome on Instagram last month, as she revealed her disappointment at being forced to cancel and postpone some of her spring and summer 2023 tour dates. Stiff-person syndrome (SPS) is a rare autoimmune movement disorder that affects the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord). A personal message from the singer was included in the caption, and read: ‘I’ve been dealing with problems with my health for a long time, and it’s been really difficult for me to face these challenges and to talk about everything that I’ve been going through… ‘It hurts me to tell you that I won’t be ready to restart my tour in Europe in February.’ – Céline.’ The singer went on to reassure fans that she had ‘a great team of doctors’ and was being supported by her ‘precious children’, sons René-Charles, 21, and 12-year-old twins Nelson and Eddy. The Grammy-winning singer was due to perform across Europe in March and April, including a date at London’s O2 Arena, and was due to continue until September. These will now take place in spring 2024. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Celine Dion not on Rolling Stone’s list of Best Singers Of All Time and it’s an understatement to say people are mad MORE : Celine Dion wishes fans ‘the best of health’ in Christmas message after postponing tour amid stiff-person syndrome diagnosis  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 