Adam Kay has said it’s ‘slightly depressing’ that he will ‘very unlikely’ do anything as successful again as This Is Going To Hurt. The former medic-turned-writer scored a mammoth triumph with his memoir about being an NHS junior doctor, which was released in 2017. This Is Going To Hurt documented his medical training as an obstetrician and gynecologist between 2004 and 2010, which lifted the lid on the immense pressures that medics face through his own personal anecdotes and dark humour. It topped the Sunday Times Bestsellers List and was translated into 37 languages and read by millions. Kay then adapted it into an acclaimed BBC TV series starring Ben Whishaw last year. However, the 42-year-old has now revealed than whenever he starts a new project he has to ‘accept’ that he will ‘realistically’ never again write somehting that is as widely read. ‘It doesn’t really matter what I do for the rest of my career, I’m very unlikely to do something that was read by so many people as This Is Going To Hurt – so I might as well just accept I’ll be that ‘this might hurt’ person. Yeah, that doctor who wrote a thing,’ he shared ‘So I’m gonna be that guy. So it’s slightly depressing. Every new project I start, is this going to be the one? No it’s not, is it, realistically?’ he told Kathy Burke on her Where There’s A Will, There’s A Wake podcast. With Kathy telling him that he’d ‘peaked’, she questioned why he would ‘bother carrying on’ over having an easy life. Joking that he was still ‘inspired to keep going’ by needing to ‘pay for the shopping’, he added: ‘No, I’ve obviously been hugely lucky with the success of the book, but I don’t think any writer really has the level of success that they’re just like, right, I’m done. ‘And also, if you are a writer, if you’re a creative of any kind, you do have that thing in you that wants to keep going and do something else.’ Since This Is Going To Hurt, Kay has also published children’s books, follow-up Twas The Nightshift Before Christmas and latest tome Undoctored in 2022, which covers his transition from doctor to comedy writer in unflinching detail. Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk last year, he revealed how difficult it was to be so upfront in Undoctored, especially when he thought he might get ‘some kind of hatred’ for doing so. ‘There’s a couple of chapters that came in and out of the book half a dozen times before the end, and I ultimately decided that for the particularly difficult topics they should stay in because it was meant to be a book about opening up. I didn’t want it to be out there and for me to know there was stuff that I’d held back,’ he said. ‘Also, even if only one person comes to me to say that helped me then it was worth it. And brilliantly, a bunch of people have been in touch to say they’ve been in similar situations, but more than that, that they were now going to speak to someone about it.’ Where There’s A Will, There’s A Wake is available wherever you get your podcasts. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kasabian call Teenage Cancer Trust concert series a ‘beautiful thing’ as they’re announced for 2023 line-up with Wet Leg, Courteeners and Underworld MORE : Vicky Pattison in tears and feeling ‘super drained’ over fertility treatment 