Katherine Ryan admitted she would rather take advice about the vaccine rollout from influencer Molly Mae Hague over the former health secretary Matt Hancock. The comedian slammed the politician and joked she would rather have the fashion creative director and mother-to-be Molly ‘roll out the pretty little vaccine’. Matt, who recently appeared on the latest season of I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here, resigned from his role as health secretary in 2021 after he was caught breaching social distance guidelines to kiss a colleague. Katherine jibbed at the political figure during her stand-up performance on Jonathan Ross’ New Year Comedy Special on Saturday. On stage she was heard saying: ‘If Matt Hancock told me to stay hydrated, I’d be like, “Oh sh*t, what’s that pr**k put in the water” and I would start brushing my teeth with Fanta. ‘Get anyone else to give us medical news, anyone else – get Molly-Mae to roll out the pretty little vaccine – I don’t care’. She then went on to mock Molly-Mae’s previous comments about making the most of the ‘same 24 hours in the day’. The star’s appearance on the New Year’s Eve special came after she gave birth to her third child with partner Bobby Koostra earlier this month. On December 16, she revealed the couple had welcomed daughter Fenna Grace Koostra in her other daughter Violet’s bedroom. In a sweet video, the 39-year-old offered glimpses of the newborn and said: ‘[Violet told her] You will not have the baby in my room. Where did we have the baby…? ‘Violet – MVP of the whole thing along with private midwives and Bobby. We did it! ‘We’ll tell you the whole story on the podcast. ‘We hit a glitch, a big glitch, that delayed things, it was a bit touch and go but we made it, and we got to stay home!’ New dad Bobby also wanted in on the action and uploaded a snap of their latest addition with the message: ‘Fenna Grace Kootstra, Dec 16, at 12:05am. ‘Mum is incredible! Proving her strength repeatedly through the relatively lengthy delivery at home. We are so blessed.’ The couple’s happy news arrived just after they celebrated their son Fred’s first birthday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan thrilled to be named Hertfordshire’s sexiest woman: ‘Thank you to my neighbours for skipping their skincare routine’ MORE : Katherine Ryan bought frozen sperm before rekindling romance with husband Bobby 