Alec Baldwin has been officially charged with involuntary manslaughter following the death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. The 30 Rock actor discharged a prop gun on the set of independent movie Rust in  October 2021, accidentally striking and killing Hutchins and injuring director Joel Souza who survived. On Tuesday, Baldwin, 64, and the film’s armorer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, were both charged with two felony counts of involuntary manslaughter and involuntary manslaughter in the commission of a lawful act, according to the New York Post. If convinced of the most serious charge, they could each face a mandatory five-year prison sentence. Santa Fe District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies filed the charging documents naming both Baldwin and 23-year-old Gutierrez-Reed, who supervised weapons on the set of the Western. The prosecutors’ decision to charge Baldwin took into account his involvement in the film as a producer and as the person who fired the gun. In a statement on Tuesday, Carmack-Altwies said: ‘Today we have taken another important step in securing justice for Halyna Hutchins. ‘In New Mexico, no-one is above the law and justice will be served.’ The prosecutor said claimed that Baldwin was not presenter for ‘required firearms’ training ahead of filming on Rust, and exhibited ‘reckless behaviour’ in the lead up to Hutchins’ death. According to the statement of probable cause, Baldwin had only received ‘minimal training on firearms’ even despite requests from Gutierrez-Reed. ‘Whether guided by (Hutchins’) directions or not, Baldwin knew the first rule of gun safety is never point a gun at someone you don’t intend on shooting,’ the statement read. ‘In addition, always assume a gun is loaded. Had Baldwin performed the required safety checks with the armorer, Reed, this tragedy would not have occurred.’ The Santa Fe DA said after failing to appear for ‘mandatory firearms training’, Baldwin was given a 30-minute on-set training session, during which he was distracted by talking to his family on the phone. ‘The on-set and limited time of training does not comport to industry standards and evidence shows Baldwin was in a position to manage, oversee, commence, and require safety training to industry standards,’ the probable cause statement read. ‘Baldwin’s failure to ensure minimum standards were met is considered reckless in the industry.’ Since the incident, the actor has always maintained he did not intend to shoot Hutchins and was not aware the gun had a live round. It comes after the DA first announced the office’s plans to bring charges against Baldwin. Carmack-Altwies said in a statement last week: ‘After a thorough review of the evidence and the laws of the state of New Mexico, I have determined that there is sufficient evidence to file criminal charges against Alec Baldwin and other members of the Rust film crew. ‘On my watch, no one is above the law, and everyone deserves justice.’ It’s expected that Baldwin and Gutierrez-Reed will be issued a summons to appear in court. The prosecutors will rely on a judge, not a grand jury, to decide whether there is sufficient evidence to go ahead with a trial, a decision that could take up to 60 days. It was previously confirmed that no charges will be filed regarding the non-fatal shooting of Souza. Baldwin has always maintained that it was an accident, but has since claimed that everyone on set ‘know exactly who is to blame’. Speaking to US journalist Chris Cuomo on the Chris Cuomo Project podcast in August, he said: ‘I know that every single person on the set of the film knows what happened, and the people who are talking loudest about what happened or speculating about what happened were not on the set of the film. ‘Everybody who was there, they know exactly what happened. They know exactly who’s to blame.’ Baldwin reached a settlement with Hutchins’ family, including her husband Matthew, and is set to resume filming on Rust with much of the cast returning. Speaking after the lawsuit was settled, Baldwin said in a statement: ‘We are pleased to announce today the settlement of the civil case filed on behalf of the family of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. ‘Throughout this difficult process, everyone has maintained the specific desire to do what is best for Halyna’s son. ‘We are grateful to everyone who contributed to the resolution of this tragic and painful situation.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Downcast Alec Baldwin spotted with wife Hilaria in New York on day he will be charged with involuntary manslaughter after Rust shooting MORE : Hilaria Baldwin admits family would ‘crumble’ without support from fans after Alec’s involuntary manslaughter charge  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 