Christine McGuinness has spoken at length for the first time about her dating life. The Real Housewives of Cheshire star, 34, announced her split from TV presenter husband Paddy McGuinness last year and has been seen out and about on numerous occasions with singer Chelcee Grimes, sparking romance speculation. Doting mum Christine recently addressed their relationship, calling it ‘great’, and also revealed that famous faces have been sliding into her DMs since her and Paddy’s breakup. When asked about her and 30-year-old Chelcee’s bond in a new interview, Christine remained a little coy about its exact status, but did say: ‘Chelcee’s been great. We have such a laugh together and obviously she’s based up north too, but I love catching up with everyone from The Games whenever I can.’ ‘They all have a big place in my heart, because it really did change my life,’ she added. Christine and former footballer Chelcee met while competing on ITV’s The Games and are said to have been ‘inseparable’ ever since, even jetting off to Crete for a holiday together. In December, photos of them kissing at Winter Wonderland emerged shortly after Christine and Paddy made their split announcement. Speaking this week, Christine – who shares three children; twins Penelope and Leo, and Felicity with Paddy – also confirmed she wants to put herself back on the dating market this year. Speaking to The Sun, she continued: ‘I’m open to it this year. ‘But I’ve got time. We’ll see what happens. It’s not really something that I’ve got on my radar.’ Christine went on: ‘In your 30s, how do you date? Where do you go? Where do you start? I’ve been with Patrick for 15 years, I’m certainly not in a big rush to jump into anything.’ She was just 19 when she first got together with her ex-husband. The mum-of-three also noted that her social media inbox is currently jam-packed with DMs, saying: ‘Yeah, there’s a lot [of DM sliding]. ‘It’s been quite fascinating really. I won’t name any names of the celebrities.  It shocked me.’ She added: ‘They kinda drop in like: “Hey, do you wanna go out?” I don’t reply. I’m not interested. I’m not there for that, and if you’re messaging me through Instagram, that’s not how I wanna meet somebody.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tommy Fury addresses rumours Molly-Mae Hague has given birth to baby girl MORE : Television frontman and rock guitar legend Tom Verlaine dies aged 73 