Director of the Elvis movie, Baz Luhrmann, has paid tribute to Lisa Marie Presley after her death, aged 54. Presley’s death was announced by her mother, Priscilla, on January 12, shortly after she was rushed to hospital in cardiac arrest. Honouring the late American star, filmmaker Luhrmann reflected on making the biopic, which starred Austin Butler, 31, in the titular role. In a loving social media post, he shared a picture of Presley with Butler, laughing while sitting on the couch together. The pair were known to be incredibly close. He wrote: ‘Over the last year, the entire Elvis movie family and I have felt the privilege of Lisa Marie’s kind embrace. ‘Her sudden, shocking loss has devastated people all around the world. I know her fans everywhere join me in sharing prayers of love and support with her mother, Priscilla, and her wonderful daughters Riley, Finley and Harper.’ Luhrmann concluded: ‘Lisa Marie, we will miss your warmth, your smile, your love.’ His emotional tribute comes just days after he attended the Golden Globes alongside Presley and the Elvis movie team. Following the shock news of her death, Warner Bros. Pictures, the studio behind Elvis, said in a statement: ‘We are deeply saddened by the passing of Lisa Marie Presley and send our condolences and sympathy to her children, family and people around the world who loved her. ‘She was an invaluable partner and truly lovely person who we will remember as a devoted mother, beloved daughter and loving friend.’ The Presley family has been open about their love for Luhrmann’s film, which saw Butler scoop an award in Tuesday night’s ceremony for his portrayal of the Jailhouse Rock singer. Speaking at the glitzy awards bash this week, Presley herself said she had been ‘overwhelmed’ by the accuracy of the flick and the reaction from fans. ‘I just want to thank you for coming,’ Presley said that night. ‘I’m so overwhelmed by this film and the effect that it’s had and what Baz has done, what Austin has done. I’m so proud.’ Remembering her late father – who died when she was nine – she added: ‘And I know that my father would also be very proud. ‘So, I want to thank you all for being here and I’m so overwhelmed with gratitude, so thank you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dolly Parton shares heart-wrenching tribute after Lisa Marie Presley’s death: ‘Elvis, you must be happy to have her back with you’ MORE : Nicolas Cage ‘heartbroken’ as he reacts to ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley’s death: ‘She lit up every room’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 