King Charles has been spotted for the first time since major bombshells were revealed in Prince Harry’s memoir. The 74-year-old briefly glanced at photographers as his car passed through the gates of Sandringham House. He has been staying at the Norfolk estate over the festive period. In extracts released from Spare, which mistakenly went on sale early in Spain, Prince Harry reportedly writes of alleged fights and tensions within the Firm. According to the Guardian, he claimed that his brother William physically attacked him during a row about Meghan. Harry writes: ‘(William) called me another name, then came at me. It all happened so fast. So very fast. He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. ‘I landed on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out.’. Harry also claimed that his brother, who he referred to as Willy, called Meghan ‘difficult’ and ‘rude’. The Guardian reported the alleged incident took place at Harry’s then home in Nottingham Cottage. The Duke also alleges that it was William and the Princess of Wales who encouraged him to wear a Nazi uniform to a fancy dress party 2005 and ‘howled’ with laughter when they saw it. The Guardian said it was able to obtain a copy of the memoir despite ‘stringent pre-launch security around the book’. King Charles is also featured in the leaked extracts. He reportedly told both his sons ‘not to make his final years a misery’ through fighting. A new clip from an ITV interview ahead of the book’s official release also come out today, in which Prince Harry refuses to commit to attending the King’s coronation in May. In the biography, Spare, he also described contemplating the prospect of the now-Queen Consort becoming their ‘wicked stepmother’. Harry wrote of her appearing ‘bored’ during the sit-down, which he says was ‘pure formality’ because he was not the heir or a major obstacle, according to the Guardian. He reportedly claims he and William promised Charles they would welcome Camilla into the family. But in exchange they ‘begged’ him not to get married a second time following the death of their mother, Diana. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.