Prince Harry has revealed that he was suffering from a frostbitten penis during Prince William and Kate Middleton ‘s wedding. The Duke talks about how after carrying out a 200-mile Arctic charity walk he had to walk behind his brother and Kate with a chilly willy. In an excerpt from his upcoming book, ‘Spare’, he talks about the very personal bits and bobs of his life that the public have never heard about before. The autobiography isn’t set to be released in the UK until January 10 but excerpts have leaked ahead of its release after it was accidentally sold early in Spain. In one section, the prince details his painful experience with frostbite — which he said affected his ears, cheeks and ‘todger’ — after the charity walk. He writes: ‘Pa was very interested, and sympathetic about the discomfort of my frost-nipped ears and cheeks. ‘While the ears and cheeks were already healing, the todger wasn’t. It was becoming more of an issue by the day.’ The prince’s Walking with the Wounded expedition saw him embark on a brutal journey to the North Pole alongside four ex-servicemen who were injured in Afghanistan. MORE : Harry says Diana would be ‘sad’ about his relationship with brother William now MORE : Harry claims Will saw ‘red mist’ and says ‘he wanted me to hit him back’ in new trailer MORE : Prince Harry says he was ‘probably bigoted’ before relationship with Meghan The team raised £2 million for the Walking with the Wounded charity during the 13-day treck, but the journey didn’t come without its downfalls. In his book Harry reveals that while standing by Prince William’s side during his wedding on April 29, 2011, he was actually still recovering from the icy injuries, Page Six reports. He recalled that his father, King Charles, was ‘interested’ and ‘sympathetic’ about his ‘frost nipped’ ears and cheeks. Harry then wrote that he eventually went to the doctor after using Elizabeth Arden cream. But the prince continued to write candidly about his privates, as he addressed the long-running rumour that he is not circumcised. He went on to say that while the press had written about his penis ‘extensively’, they were wrong about him not being circumcised. He wrote: ‘Mummy had forbidden it, they all said, and while it’s absolutely true that the chance of getting penile frostbite is much greater if you’re not circumcised, all the stories were false. I was snipped as a baby.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.