A dad-to-be never got to meet his unborn baby after a speeding driver left him to die following a collision on the M6. John Yates, from north Wales, was driving at 128mph through temporary roadworks when he crashed into Christopher Smith, 41, on November 15 last year. The collision happened on the motorway’s northbound carriageway between Lymm and Thelwall, in Cheshire, at around 12:30am. Yates, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and failing to provide a specimen. He was jailed for eight years and three months after appearing at Chester Crown Court. Temporary roadworks were in place at the time of the crash, the court heard, meaning that all vehicles were required to merge into lane four. Yates was seen undertaking a number of vehicles shortly before the fatal crash, ignoring multiple warning signs and a temporary 50mph speed limit which other drivers were adhering to. As he approached the area where the traffic was merging, Yates’ white Volkswagen Scirocco collided with the side of a Peugeot 307 before hitting the back of a black Peugeot 107 – the car Mr Smith was driving – at high speed. Yates was then seen getting out of his car and running away from the scene. He was later located and arrested at around 5:30am after he returned to the motorway. While police searched for Yates, paramedics treated the other motorists involved in the collision. The driver of the Peugeot 307, a 28-year-old woman from Preston, along with her 25-year-old passenger, both escaped with minor injuries. But Mr Smith – who had left work early to spend time with his heavily pregnant wife in St Helens, Merseyside – suffered serious injuries and was taken to Salford Royal Hospital, where he died the next day. Following the sentencing, Sergeant Simon Degg, of Cheshire Police’s Serious and Complex Collision Investigation Unit, said: ‘Yates cowardly left the scene. Rather than staying to try to help Christopher and face the consequences of his actions, he ran off and left him to die. ‘Even after he was located, he denied any involvement in the collision, and throughout questioning he declined to answer any questions and refused to provide samples of breath or blood. ‘His parting comments to investigators was that he puts all of his trust in those investigating the collision. ‘That investigation showed that Yates was travelling at 128mph when he collided unnecessarily with the rear of Christopher’s car. ‘Christopher was a true gentleman, he had left work early that day so that he could spend time with his heavily pregnant wife. He was excited at the prospect of becoming a dad and a gentleman who was doing nothing wrong whatsoever. ‘While Yates pleaded guilty, he had shown no remorse of his actions and he deserves to be behind bars for a substantial amount of time. ‘Because of the actions taken by Yates that day, Christopher will never get to meet his child and be the loving father that he would have been. ‘While no court result could ever make up for the loss or the pain that his family have endured, but I hope that the conclusion of this case will provide some closure.’ In addition to his prison sentence Yates was banned from driving for seven years, to commence upon his release. The family of Mr Smith released a tribute following his death in November, as reported by the Warrington Guardian. It read: ‘Christopher was a loving son, brother and uncle, and he was devoted to his partner Mandy. ‘The couple were awaiting the arrival of their first child, and Christopher was extremely excited about the prospect of becoming a father himself. ‘Christopher was very close to his family, and nothing was ever too much trouble for him in regard to his friends. ‘He loved to spend time with Mandy and working to provide for her, and also enjoyed watching and playing football. ‘Christopher will always be remembered for his great sense of humour. Following his death Christopher has donated his organs so that others can live on.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.