Friends have appealed for information to help find a man who went missing overnight in sub-zero temperatures in the Highlands. Rodrigo Falcon, known as Rod, vanished after he left the Vault nightclub in Aviemore in the early hours of December 11. The temperatures would have been below zero, but he was only wearing a red jumper and baggy jeans. As it approaches a month since Rod’s disappearance, friends have passed on messages to Metro.co.uk – speaking of the 33-year-old’s ‘lust for life’. His colleagues at the Pine Martin Bar and Scran, where he has been employed for two years, have prayed for his safe return. Scotty Fleming and Katie Jachacy, who worked alongside Rod and have been his friend for six years, told Metro.co.uk: ‘He is a super happy kind hearted guy that always made it your lives better. ‘We just want him back so badly.’ One pal described him as the ‘life and soul of the party’ and added: ‘He had recently been home to visit family in Argentina and was looking forward to winter to getting back to skiing.’ A second friend said: ‘Rod is loved by everyone here and all we want is him back home with us.’ Another sent the following message: ‘Rod, if you are reading this, or seeing this, please get in touch with us, let us know you are safe.  We just want you home, we miss you, everyone misses you.’ Rod is described as being 5ft 6in tall, of slim build, with dark hair cut in a mullet style with a moustache and beard. Police released CCTV of the 33-year-old walking down Grampian Road towards the south end of village. A map has also been created detailing Rod’s movements on December 11. Any drivers that may have been in the area on the night of Rod’s disappearance, or have dashcam footage, have been urged to get in touch with Police Scotland. Any private CCTV, such as outside homes or businesses, could also be vital in the search. Sharing the initial missing persons appeal, Chief Inspector Alasdair McLeod said: ‘As time goes on we are growing increasingly concerned for the welfare of Rodrigo. ‘It is obvious from the response we have had that there is great concern in the community for his well-being and I would like to thank the local community for their assistance so far. ‘Local officers, along with specialist officers are continuing to carry out extensive searches. ‘We are also identifying further CCTV opportunities in the area and in particular would welcome assistance from local businesses or residents who may have private CCTV. ‘As part of our enquiries, it has been established that Rodrigo was not wearing his brown woollen coat, but was seen on CCTV wearing his red jumper and baggy jeans with no coat. ‘He is described as being 5ft 6in tall, of slim build, with dark hair cut in a mullet style with a moustache and beard. ‘Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Rodrigo should call 101, quoting reference 2387 of 11 December.’ For more information and images, visit the Police Scotland website. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.