Sam Smith is having a rollercoaster of a week, with backlash to their new music video potentially to coincide with clinching a number one album. The Stay With Me musician returned with a bang in January as they released fourth studio album Gloria, the follow-up to 2020’s Love Goes. Sam burst on to the scene with first album In The Lonely Hour in 2014, and already boasts two UK number one albums – andit looks likely he’s about to get one more. While Gloria has been released to mixed reviews, some loving the new direction and others not too sure, the Official Charts have confirmed it is rocketing towards a number one debut. It helped, of course, that lead single Unholy, featuring Kim Petras, became a viral number one hit upon its release in September 2022. However Sam is also facing backlash to their newly-released, NSFW music video I’m Not Here To Make Friends, which features scantily-clad dancers and suggestive dance moves. Critics are outraged at the sexual nature of the music video, which is available on YouTube without age restrictions and could be accessed by children. However plenty jumped to Sam’s defence, pointing out there have been sexually suggestive music videos for decades and everyone survived, others arguing that parents should be responsible for keeping an eye on what their children are watching online. The backlash comes after Sam opened up about the public reaction to their coming out as non-binary, admitting they had been ‘spat at’ in the street after changing their pronouns. ‘It’s just so sad like that we’re in 2023 and it’s still happening,’ they said in a vulnerable interview. ‘It’s exhausting.’ Despite – or perhaps partly because of – the massive conversation the video sparked, Sam’s album Gloria is experiencing high sales and streams, and looks set to beat competition from Bob Dylan and Ava Max to the number one spot this week. Official Charts suggests Dylan is set to debut at number two with new album Fragments –  Time Out Of Mind Sessions Volume 17, the latest of his Bootlegs series which includes new mixes and rare B-sides. It also looks set to beat Ava Max, who is expected to debut at number five with second album Diamonds & Dancefloors. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Smith fans hit back at disgusted critics of NSFW music video: ‘It isn’t their job to parent your kids’ MORE : Susanna Reid forced to correct Richard Madeley on Sam Smith’s non-binary pronouns amid music video backlash 