Milf Manor viewers have been left feeling sick after watching the new reality series, especially after finding out what the shocking twist is – that the contestants are dating each other’s sons. The series follows eight ‘hot moms’, ranging from the ages of 40 to 60, in a lavish mansion in Mexico, trying to find love with younger men. Except they’re not just any men, as a shocking revelation saw the hunks actually turn out to be their sons. The mums and sons all live in the villa together, and they even have to share a room, which means they can’t have any guests stay overnight without telling their parent or child, and kicking them out the room. And if you couldn’t already guess, it’s pretty wild. In one scene, son Jimmy is desperate to ‘lather’ and ‘suck’ contestant Pola’s feet, saying: ‘I’m a man of great taste, I like great things. I’m a very big feet person. ‘Pola has these feet that I just want to oil up, lather, just massage and get real warm. Paint her toenails, maybe a colour and suck the acrylic off the toes. Shove them in my mouth.’ Meanwhile, in another scene, Jimmy’s mum Soyoung tells him that she once slept with his best friend – and he’s not too impressed. Elsewhere, the mums had to guess which sons were theirs by feeling their shirtless chests while blindfolded. Taking part in the game, Kelle says to all the sons: ‘I need you guys to help me find my son, if you want to hang out with me tonight.’ It’s safe to say, viewers are stunned by what they’re watching. ‘Milf Manor is on another level – it’s teetering on the edge of what’s acceptable and it makes me feel sick…but if you catch me watching it every week, no you didn’t,’ one wrote. ‘Milf Manor is so sick and twisted,’ another penned. Someone else wrote: ‘MILF MANOR IS ONE OF THE CRAZIEST WEIRDEST SHOWS EVER THIS CANT BE REAL.’ In the trailer for the dating series, one mum says: ‘Life has given me some curveballs, I think it’s my time to find love,’ while another explains that after a 14-year marriage, ‘it’s time to do me a little’. ‘Young men have much more energy. They think outside of the box. I want that,’ another explains, with someone else adding: ‘Especially in the bedroom.’ One contestant reveals it all, saying: ‘I have an extremely high libido.’ She adds in her confessional: ‘Is that too much saying I have an extremely high libido? Should I just have said high libido?’ Milf Manor airs on TLC. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The trailer for new reality show MILF Manor has dropped and it’s just as wild as it sounds MORE : TLC singer Chilli, 51, and Boy Meets World and Mrs Doubtfire actor Matthew Lawrence, 42, confirm relationship  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 