Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s daughter North West looks the spitting image of her famous dad in a new video – and for good reason. Nine-year-old North is the eldest of the Kardashian-West siblings Saint, seven, Chicago, four and Psalm, three, and like most kids her age has been pleading to begin using TikTok and other social media sites. While dad Kanye is totally against the youngster being on TikTok, Kim relented somewhat and allowed her to set up an account with her, with comments disabled and the mum-of-four keeping an eye on things. Kim and North have had plenty of viral videos since setting up their account – not difficult when you can boast 12 million followers. Having jumped around to Taylor Swift with her mum and made dramatic videos with her cousins, North has now put her artistic skills to use in her and Kim’s newest TikTok, In a short clip posted to the app on Friday, North has used face paint and a a well-placed black beanie hat to transform herself into her rapper dad Kanye. Using makeup and contouring, North subtly changed her features – and not-so-subtly gave herself thicker eyebrows, a buzzcut hairline and a beard. And it worked, as it’s obvious straight away who the fourth-grader is supposed to be. Set to the track Bound by Asawa Ni Mae, North perfectly pulls off Kanye as she stares unsmiling for the camera, while Kim – clad in giant metallic sunglasses – strikes several poses behind her, including draping her arm over her. Kim and Kanye are currently co-parenting their four children after the reality star filed for divorce in 2021, however the Yeezy star has taken a break from the limelight following severe criticism for antisemitic comments in recent weeks, including a declaration that he likes Adolf Hitler. The Skims businesswoman broke down crying in a recent interview where she admitted co-parenting with Ye was ‘f***ing difficult,’ and insisted the children knew nothing about their father’s current controversy. She also shared some insight into her daughter’s social media use and their TikTok account, telling Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop podcast: ‘It can only be on my own phone. It’s not something where she can scroll and look at things.’ ‘We don’t do comments,’ she added, sharing that North uses the app as her creative outlet. Kim added: ‘She loves to do it and it makes her so happy. She’s so innocent in so many ways.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian reveals natural hair on TikTok after years of extensions and wild transformations MORE : Kim Kardashian reveals she’s started drinking coffee and alcohol aged 42: ‘I just gotta let loose’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 