There are a lot of words on Alexis Chilvers’ mind right now. ‘Scared’, ‘angry’ and ‘determined’, to name a few. The 26-year-old lives in Epsom and Ewell in England and is the co-chair of the group Labour For Trans Rights. ‘I don’t feel safe in this country,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Like so many, I am considering my options to leave the country, and seemingly every month, my plans become less hypothetical.’ What could be the final push for Chilvers to pack her bags was the news on Monday that Prime Minister Rishi Sunak’s government will block Scotland’s years-in-the-making bill to reform gender recognition law. The bill would make it easier and quicker for trans people to change their legal gender by overhauling the UK-wide 2004 Gender Recognition Act (GRA). This will be the first time Westminster has ever used a 25-year-old statute known as Section 35 to overrule Scottish law. The move ripped open a rift between Westminster and Holyrood at a time when tensions are already high as Scotland’s eyes up a second chance to leave Britain. So as trans people like Chilvers consider leaving the UK, some wonder if there will even be a ‘UK’ to come back to. Scotland voted to stay in the UK in 2014, but pro-independence supporters feel the UK’s vote to leave the EU is reason enough for a second referendum. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon says Westminster’s refusal to grant another referendum is anti-democratic. And she described Sunak stopping the reform bill just the same – ‘a full-frontal attack on our democratically elected Scottish Parliament’, she tweeted. Alister Jack, the UK government’s minister for Scotland, said on Tuesday that the reforms breach British equalities legislation by affording different treatment depending on where people live. Gender recognition law remains the same in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. ‘As someone living near London, the Scottish GRA reform bill would have had no impact on me,’ Chilvers says. ‘But that the government has been willing to unleash the constitutional equivalent of a nuclear bomb for what is, in truth, relatively minimal legislation, makes me question what the next step might be. ‘How much worse things could get.’ Trans charity Gendered Intelligence adds: ‘It is a clear demonstration of this government’s attitude towards the trans community that it is willing to provoke a constitutional crisis and interfere with a quarter of a century of devolved powers just to stop trans people in Scotland from having slightly easier lives.’ Some in Holyrood agree too. John Nicolson, the SNP shadow culture secretary, says the message Westminster is sending is all too clear. ‘We don’t care what the Scottish Parliament decides. We are in charge. We will decide what you can and cannot pass in your parliament,’ he says. ‘And who do they choose as a political pawn in their attack on Scottish democracy? One of society’s most marginalised groups – trans people. ‘I am so proud of my party and Scotland’s parliament. The SNP will always stand up for democracy, human rights, and a liberal and progressive view of how society can improve. ‘And we won’t let the Tories or their enablers in the Westminster Labour leadership stand in our way.’ Maggie Chapman MSP, the equalities spokesperson for the Scottish Greens, feels Sunak just handed secessionists another reason to leave the UK. ‘It is yet another harsh reminder that, as long as we remain in the UK, we can be obstructed by a discriminatory, anti-trans and increasingly authoritarian government in Downing Street,’ she says. For Chapman, the UK government dusting off the decades-old Section 35 sets a dangerous precedent for the balancing act that is devolved nations. ‘This decision may well see more people supporting independence, but it is an issue for everyone who supports devolution and the existence of the Scottish Parliament,’ she says. Scotland – which has been part of the UK for three centuries – has an elected government that can control things like education, health, justice and gender law. ‘If the Tories get away with this,’ Chapman adds, ‘you can guarantee that they will do it again on other bills in the future.’ SNP MSP Karen Adam is a member of the Equalities, Human Rights and Civil Justice Committee which played a vital role in scrutinising the GRA reforms bill. And it got a fair amount of scrutiny. The bill was first proposed six years ago and underwent two rounds of public consultations before landing in Holyrood. Adam feels the ‘misinformation’ being spread about the law by its critics, such as the idea it impacts women’s rights, played a big part in the UK government’s decision. ‘The consistent and systematic targeting of trans people from extremist organisations should concern anyone in the UK who wants to live in a harmonious society and just get on with their lives,’ Adam says. ‘Under the guise of “legitimate concerns” for women and girls, arguments have seemingly been made in an attempt to pit the safety of the general public against trans people while governments across the UK have sought to simplify the administrative process for trans people to obtain a gender recognition certificate. ‘It’s the same pattern of discrimination and hate that modern history has replayed time and time again whenever ultra-right-wing ideology has been on the rise. ‘It’s dangerous. It never benefits our society, and we always look back on those that seek to divide and marginalise people very harshly in our history lessons.’ On Tuesday, the UK parliament held a vote ‘to note’ the use of Section 35 – it passed 318 to 71. Not many MPs showed up to the largely symbolic vote. Yet among those who voted against the notion were 11 Labour MPs, including Nottingham East MP Nadia Whittome. Echoing some politicians in Holyrood, Whittome says: ‘The Tories claim they have legal concerns, but really this is about ramping up a culture war with trans people as collateral damage. ‘As we enter another dark chapter, where trans people yet again are vilified by the government and in the media, allyship is more important than ever.’ Not many politicians or activists who campaign for trans rights were that surprised by the UK government’s decision. They point to years-long waiting lists for gender-affirming healthcare and the government, for quite some time, leaving trans people out of their delayed conversion therapy bill. The UK government already ditched its own promised GRA reforms even after a public consultation supported them in 2020. ‘It’s hard out there right now,’ Gendered Intelligence adds, ‘but we have faith that justice will prevail in time, the will of the Scottish people will be heard, and our community will get the recognition they deserve.’ Colby Robertson, 40, is a non-binary musician living in Glasgow who supports Scottish independence. Some of their trans friends, much like Chilvers, are looking to leave the UK now. ‘I feel somewhat better about living in Scotland, particularly Glasgow, compared to England when it comes to attitudes to trans people,’ they say. ‘The UK as a whole has to reckon with the transphobia that does exist and move past it.’ Until then, Robertson feels Section 35 is only going to ‘erode devolution’ and push ‘soft-Yes’ Scots further towards independence. And this might already be happening. A poll by the Scottish newspaper The National released Friday found support for independence is at its second-highest ever recorded: 54% for yes and no at 46%. Transphobia can often feel inescapable. When it’s not coming from legislatures, it’s out on the streets (anti-trans hate crimes have tripled in the UK over the last five years), at work (a quarter of trans Brits aren’t open at work) and online (eight anti-trans social media posts are made every minute in the UK and US). So Robertson doesn’t blame anyone for wanting to get away from this all. But they have no plans to do so anytime soon. ‘I spent long enough in the closet and won’t be pushed back in,’ they add, ‘no matter the cost.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.