Prince William allegedly ‘lunged’ at Prince Harry twice, grabbing his shirt, in a physical bust-up over his bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey. Details of a new row have been leaked from the Duke of Sussex’s memoir, Spare, ahead of the launch Tuesday. Writing in his bombshell book, Harry opened up about how his older brother was ‘shouting’ and ‘really steaming’ during a dispute in front of their father, the then-Prince Charles after Prince Philip’s funeral. The three were on a walk around Windsor, near Frogmore Cottage, discussing the controversial interview the Sussexes gave to the US talk show host. Harry said he wanted to talk to them about the bullying allegations raised against his wife, Meghan Markle. But he claimed the two were refusing to listen to him, in an extract obtained by the Sun. As he turned to leave, William shouted: ‘You never came to us. You never came to me.’ Harry tried to express his feelings over their so-called Megxit agreement being ‘violated’ when William shouted he should ‘take it up with Granny’. The prince wrote: ‘I waved a hand, disgusted, but he lunged, grabbed my shirt. “Listen to me, Harold”. ‘I pulled away, refused to meet his gaze. He forced me to look into his eyes. “Listen to me, Harold, listen. I love you, Harold. I want you to be happy”.’ Harry then fired back: ‘I love you too…but your stubbornness is extraordinary.’ He alleges he pulled out of William’s grasp but he claims his brother grabbed him again and twisted him to maintain eye contact. The passage reads: ‘Harold, you must listen to me. I want you to be happy, Harold. I swear I swear on mummy’s life. ‘He stopped. I stopped. Pa stopped. He’d gone there. ‘He’d used the secret code, the universal password. Ever since we were boys those three words were to be used only in times of extreme crisis.’ Buckingham Palace is yet to respond to any of Harry’s claims in his book, which was accidentally released early in Spain. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.