Roberto De Zerbi has urged Moises Caicedo to stay at Brighton after Arsenal submitted a £60m transfer offer for the midfielder. The Gunners are keen to bolster Mikel Arteta’s options in midfield and have identified Ecuador international Caicedo as a top target. Chelsea have also been heavily linked with a move for the 21-year-old but Arsenal are further along the road, having approached Brighton with a £60m bid on Friday. The initial offer was rejected by Brighton, who do not intend to sell Caicedo this month, but Arsenal are expected to return with an improved bid. Caicedo is reportedly considering handing in a transfer request to force through a move to Arsenal or Chelsea but De Zerbi says he is ‘focused only’ on Brighton. The Italian manager, who replaced now-Chelsea boss Graham Potter at the Amex Stadium, has also told Caicedo that staying at Brighton until at least the end of the season would be the ‘best solution’. ‘I think he’s a good guy. He’s focused only on Brighton,’ De Zerbi said at his pre-match press conference on Friday. ‘I hope he can stay with us until the end of the season because, in my opinion, it’s the best solution for him and us. ‘I can understand the other big teams want our young players – [Alexis] Mac Allister, Caicedo, [Kaoru] Mitoma, [Solly] March – but the decision is for the players and the club. ‘I spoke with him [Caicedo] Wednesday and I told him my opinion. I think it’s always difficult to change inside the season because you can find more problems. It is important to stay another four months.’ Asked about his conversations with Caicedo, De Zerbi added: ‘He’s relaxed. He’s a good guy. I spoke with him like a father, not like a coach. ‘I understand when one player has the possibility to change teams and go to a very big team, but my work is to give the style of play and also advice for his career and his life.’ Caicedo has quickly developed into one of the Brighton’s most important players since arriving in England from Ecuadorian outfit Independiente del Valle in 2021. He has started 18 of Brighton’s 19 Premier League games this season – helping the Seagulls climb to sixth – and played in all three of Ecuador’s games at the Qatar World Cup. Premier League leaders Arsenal are keen to sign a new central midfielder to provide cover and competition for Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka.  Chelsea, meanwhile, are preparing for the likely departures of N’Golo Kante and Jorginho this summer and view Caicedo as the ideal replacement. Arsenal, currently five points clear of defending champions Manchester City at the top of the Premier League, have already signed Leandro Trossard from Brighton this month. Brighton, who have continued to impress since De Zerbi replaced Potter in September, face Liverpool in the fourth round of the FA Cup on Sunday. MORE : Patrice Evra explains why Gary Neville is wrong about Premier League title race MORE : Chris Sutton makes Man City v Arsenal prediction ahead of FA Cup clash For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 