Arsenal are set to bring in Jorginho from Chelsea on deadline day and the Italy international is the perfect signing as cover for Thomas Partey. The Gunners have reportedly agreed a £12m fee to sign the 31-year-old midfielder as they look to strengthen their bid to win the Premier League title. Mikel Arteta had been keen to secure Moises Caicedo’s signature but Brighton rejected two bids and the north London club instead turned to Jorginho, with Arsenal set to offer him a contract until 2024 with an option of a further year. As Arsenal look to complete and announce the signing of Jorginho before the January transfer window closes at 11pm, Metro.co.uk explains why the Euro 2020 winner would represent shrewd business and be a clever signing for the club… Arsenal are desperate for a midfielder given their current injuries. Thomas Partey, who missed a run of four Premier League games earlier this season due to thigh problems, suffered a fresh injury scare during Friday’s 1-0 FA Cup defeat to Manchester City after taking a blow to the ribs and was subbed at half-time. There is optimism that Partey will be fit to face Everton on Saturday but Mikel Arteta recently suggested that fellow midfielder Mohamed Elneny could be out for the rest of the season through a knee injury while Emile Smith Rowe, who has missed most of the 2022-23 campaign with a groin problem, is also still ruled out. Arsenal midfielder Albert Sambi Lokonga struggled to make an impact after replacing Partey in the FA Cup loss to City and appeared to storm down the tunnel. He has now been linked with a deadline day loan to Crystal Palace. With January deals for Moises Caicedo and Declan Rice looking highly unlikely – it is clear that the Gunners need to bring someone in – and Jorginho could fill the void as Arsenal look to win their first Premier League title since 2004. When comparing Jorginho to Thomas Partey across appearances in the Premier League this season, their statistics are surprisingly similar. Jorginho has registered 2.95 total tackles per game compared to Partey’s 2.32 and ranks higher across interceptions, making 1.48 per game while Parety makes 1.23. Partey has more completed passes, 58.24 per game, than Jorginho’s 52.48, but this could largely be down to the difference in the club’s playing styles. Jorginho also ranks above Partey in terms of ball recoveries and his forward-passing percentage, which is 8.36 and 30.97% for the Chelsea midfielder. That’s more than Partey’s 8.01 and 28.98% per game. One of the main reasons fans and pundits have argued Arsenal may not win this year’s Premier League title is due to their young squad, not enough experience and a lack of strength in depth compared to champions Manchester City. At 31 years of age with some of the biggest trophies in football already under his belt, Jorginho would provide not only strength in depth but would help cement a winning mentality in the dressing room which could be crucial in the latter stages of the season. Jorginho has won the Champions League, Europa League, Super Cup and Club World Cup during his time at Chelsea and also has experience of playing in three FA Cup finals and two Carabao Cup finals. At Napoli, he lifted the Coppa Italia. He has 46 caps for Italy and played a key role in helping them win Euro 2020, being named in the Team of the Tournament. He was also crowned UEFA Men’s Player of the Year in 2020-21. Jorginho is simply a born winner and would be a fantastic signing for Arsenal if the Gunners complete a deadline day deal for him. MORE : Arsenal target Ivan Fresneda could still leave Real Valladolid on deadline day MORE : Chris Sutton slams Arsenal target Moises Caicedo and labels his behaviour ‘downright stupid’ 