Formula One have announced that the Chinese Grand Prix won’t be replaced on the 2023 calendar. Back in September, the Shanghai International Circuit was included as one of the venues making up a record-breaking 24-race calendar. F1 had not visited China since 2019 thanks to the COVID-19 pandemic but it was hoped that it would be safe to return to the country this year, with the grand prix slated to be the fourth round of the championship in April. However, in December it was announced that the race had been yet again cancelled because of the ‘ongoing difficulties presented by the COVID-19 situation’. But keen to capitalise on F1’s popularity, the sport’s bosses were determined to replace China on the calendar, with Portugal and Turkey touted as potential destinations. However, despite their best efforts, it was announced on Tuesday that the 2023 calendar will now consist of just 23 races, which will still make it the longest F1 season in history. Every race from the 2022 season has been carried over with the exception of the French Grand Prix, while Qatar controversially returns and the Las Vegas Grand Prix also makes its debut in November. As has become custom in the past couple of years, the season will start and end in the Middle East, with Bahrain opening proceedings on March 5th, while Abu Dhabi will host the finale on November 26th. The British Grand Prix, once again at Silverstone, will be held on July 9th. For now, drivers and teams are preparing for the new season with car launches beginning at the start of February ahead of pre-season testing at the end of the month at the Sakhir circuit in Bahrain. Reigning champions Red Bull are currently slated to be the first team to unveil their 2023 challenger, the RB19, on February 3rd. MORE : Daniel Ricciardo sends advice to McLaren replacement Oscar Piastri ahead of new F1 season MORE : Mercedes boss Toto Wolff provides update on Lewis Hamilton contract talks For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 