A man has been fined £100 after throwing an egg at King Charles in Luton. Harry May, 21, appeared at Westminster Magistrates’ Court today. He admitted throwing an egg at the monarch because he thought his visit to Luton on December 6 was in ‘bad taste’. Police detained the 21-year-old after seeing him hurl a projectile towards the King, the court heard. The egg had landed, and subsequently smashed, on the ground nearby as the monarch spoke with members of the public. When officers interviewed him, May explained ‘he did this because he believed the King visiting a town like Luton, which is a deprived and poor area, was in bad taste and he wanted to make a point of this.’ May sat in the dock wearing glasses and a navy jacket as his defence lawyer, Alex Benn, told the court he ‘deeply regrets’ his actions. Mx Benn described his client as a ‘committed and family-oriented person’ who dedicates his time to caring for his elderly grandfather and sister. ‘He cares deeply about his local community, especially the poverty that exists in certain areas of Luton,’ he said, adding: ‘That is some context and some explanation.’ Addressing May, chief magistrate Paul Goldspring said: ‘Whatever disagreement you have with somebody, the way to resolve it is not to throw projectiles at them.’ He rejected a claim from May’s mother that he ‘was not really aware’ hurling an object in the direction of a public figure may cause them ‘fear’. But Mr Goldspring added: ‘She does go on, and I accept, that you expressed your regret at home. ‘I also accept you weren’t trying to hit His Majesty with the egg. But you planned it and you planned to do it again otherwise why take two? ‘You targeted somebody. It doesn’t matter the reasons why.’ May, of Moreton Road, South Luton, was fined £100 and ordered to pay £85 in costs. The King had been filmed greeting crowds in Luton’s St George’s Square when an egg sailed over his head. Security guards ushered the monarch away following the incident. The King seem undeterred by the egg-based interruption and continued to shake hands with members of the public after being moved to a different area. The incident came just weeks after 23-year-old Patrick Thelwell was arrested for throwing an egg at the King and Queen Consort during a visit to York. They had just arrived in the city on November 9 to unveil a statue in honour of the late Queen at York Minster when a figure in the crowd threw four eggs. All four missed their intended target. As part of the conditions of his bail, Mr Thelwell is banned from carrying eggs outside of his home and being within 500 metres of the couple. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.