We all get that new job buzz. Waking up in the mornings is easier, the commute doesn’t seem so bad and the day goes fairly quickly – because it’s exciting. But how long does it take for that feeling of rejuvenation and excitement to wear off in your role? According to new research by recruitment specialist Michael Page, of the 5,000 employed adults surveyed, it takes just 18 months on average before people start to ponder a new job. But why is this? What negative feelings begin to surface within those two years that mean we feel like we just have to move on? The most compelling reasons employees began to look for new jobs all revolve around the idea of feeling valued in their workplace. The number one reason was not ‘being valued for my contribution’ and the second most popular reason was the feeling of ‘being underpaid’. After all, no one wants to go the extra mile for an employer that doesn’t reward their efforts. Working conditions are another major factor when it came to people deciding to job hunt, with many claiming it was because ‘working conditions had started to deteriorate’, ‘the work was too stressful’ or they were ‘working too many hours’. Ambition comes into play, too. Some of the main points included feeling like they had hit a ceiling with how far they could progress (21%) and that ‘the work was no longer challenging’. An additional 19% were disgruntled about their current circumstances because they hadn’t received a pay rise within the last 12 months. Whatever the reason it’s clear these feelings have a real impact, because of the people who start to question their current position and go on to find new roles, only 3% regret doing so. Doug Rode, managing director at Michael Page, said: ‘Once the honeymoon period of a new job is over, it’s possible that you realise it wasn’t quite the right fit for you all along. ‘When these thoughts start to manifest, it is only a matter of time before something has to give. ‘There is nothing worse than being miserable in your job, so unhappy workers should address any concerns with their employer and attempt to find a solution. ‘If feelings of frustration or unhappiness persist, perhaps it’s the right time to take rational action and embrace a new challenge.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Top 100 most flexible companies to work for revealed – does yours make it onto the list? MORE : ‘My baby broke the sleep consultant’: Mums share what really happens when you call in the pros MORE : Anne Hathaway jumps on the baker boy hat revival with another Y2K classic: The pageboy cap