It took nearly a decade for Jessica* to find the strength to report her ex for psychological and sexual abuse – and it was only after he viciously raped her, leaving her so badly injured that she couldn’t walk – that she managed to speak out. ‘I thought I was going to die and then I was overcome with guilt that he might do something to our daughter,’ she recalls. But making that call was equally terrifying for the 43-year-old mother. Because the abuser who had forced her to endure controlling behaviour and emotional manipulation on an almost daily basis is a serving police officer – a part of the very system designed to protect survivors of domestic abuse. Jessica had to lodge a complaint with the same force her ex-partner worked for – adding to her terror. ‘He used to say that because he was a police officer, he could take my daughter off me and would threaten to call the police on me if I didn’t comply,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘This made me desperate to keep the relationship together because I was frightened of what he would do. ‘He would control me everywhere I went and feed me intelligence he’d gathered on dangerous people living in the area as a way to try and deter me from venturing outside. It was all under the guise of keeping me safe, but I was living in complete fear.’ Over the course of the couple’s relationship, the abuse intensified into a combination of gaslighting and sexual assault, culminating in Jessica’s abuser drugging and raping her in an attack so vicious it left her unable to walk. ‘Once the drugs had taken effect, I thought I was going to die,’ she recalls. ‘When I came round my legs weren’t working properly and he’d stripped the bed to remove any trace of what he’d done. ‘I was constantly aware that he was the officer that covered the area we lived. He was the boss of the officers that would respond if I made a complaint against him – in any normal case you’d call the police, but where could I go?’ Although Jessica managed to leave her ex, moving more than half a dozen times in a desperate bid to seek safety, she continues to be tormented by him, receiving threats on an almost weekly basis. ‘The police have become an extension of the abuse,’ the mum explains. ‘He used services and his training to facilitate his abuse and his position while knowing that as a part of the police he could exert the ultimate control.’ Jessica is just one of a number of women who have contacted Metro.co.uk to describe severe cases of domestic abuse perpetrated by their police officer partners, and allege that abusers used their knowledge and status to intimidate and deter them from making reports. According to responses to Freedom of Information requests submitted to the UK’s 41 police forces, close to 1,100 reports of domestic abuse have been made against serving police officers and staff in the last five years. Meanwhile, the same figures reveal nearly 1,400 allegations of sexual misconduct, including rape, were also levelled against officers during the same period as of September 2022, although the figure is likely to be higher with a number of forces still yet to respond. The findings come less than two weeks after warnings from the Home Secretary – and most recently Met Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley – that more shocking cases involving corrupt police officers may emerge following David Carrick’s ‘monstrous campaign of abuse’. Carrick, revealed as one of the country’s most prolific sex-offenders after pleading guilty to more than 48 rapes against 12 women over an 18-year period, was able to keep his job despite being reported to police on nine occasions. However, this is not the first case to raise questions over how officers accused of misconduct are investigated, with the brutal murder of Sarah Everard highlighting serious failings within the Metropolitan Police to sufficiently probe allegations. Last year, a joint inquiry comprising the College of Policing, Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services and Independent Office for Police Conduct condemned police forces for their responses to domestic abuse claims against officers. Following a ‘super-complaint’ submitted by the Centre for Women’s Justice (CWJ), the watchdog’s 135-page report found not all forces were treating cases of police perpetrated domestic abuse with ‘the gravity they deserve’ with just 9% of allegations leading to criminal charges. Ruth Davison, CEO of Refuge, says the recent spate in cases of domestic abuse and sexual assault perpetrated by police officers in the ranks highlights a number of challenges facing survivors, in particular their confidence in coming forward to report. ‘Police perpetrators will be far more aware of the investigative techniques that are used when looking into cases,’ she explains. ‘They could even use that knowledge either to conceal what they’ve done, or as a tool to further intimate their partners. ‘If you do come forward, you want to know that the person you’re reporting to, honestly, first and foremost is not a perpetrator himself. But secondly, is not part of a system that will fail you.’ Despite these concerns, Ruth, is keen to add that while not all survivors will feel comfortable in coming forward in light of the recent revelations surrounding David Carrick, there is support available. ‘Not all survivors of police perpetrated domestic abuse will feel they can report their abuse at the moment, which is completely understandable,’ she explains. ‘However, we would stress to individuals that independent and confidential support is available through the National Domestic Abuse Helpline.’ Trapped in a controlling relationship for more than a decade, it was after her then-husband joined the police that Amelie* noticed a significant increase in the scale and severity of her abuser’s coercive behaviour. ‘Although it is clear in retrospect, I didn’t realise just how abusive he was until he joined the police,’ she recalls. ‘Being in the force definitely made him worse; he used controlling behaviour throughout our relationship and would often coerce me to have sex with him.’ Having isolated her from friends and family, Amelie’s ex dramatically ramped up his coercive abuse, using his professional knowledge and police training to control her. ‘He would tell people I was an unfit parent because of my mental health diagnosis as a way to try and get my children taken away. He’d make up lies about me, knowing as a serving officer he’d be automatically believed – all to try and keep me in line.’ Over the next year the abuse worsened, with emotional manipulation a daily occurrence for the mum of two. Horrifyingly, her partner even reported Amelie to the police. ‘He reported me to his own police force for wrongdoing and then again to claim that it was him who was being abused,’ she recalls. ‘There was no substance to his claims but he really manipulated the person who was investigating which caused me and my children a lot of stress.’ Amelie was eventually contacted by her ex’s force who launched an investigation into her claims of domestic abuse and coercive behaviour. ‘I was allocated a case worker who made me feel I was believed about the abuse. ‘We spent hours drafting a statement but as soon as the investigation started, I could tell immediately they were covering for him and just going through the motions. ‘Looking back there were elements of incompetence, but mainly it felt like a complete setup,’ she recalls. ‘I felt really desperate, with no access to justice because I was reporting a serving police officer. ‘Even during the “investigation”, the force continued to invest in my then-husband by sending him on courses which I thought was bizarre given he could and should have lost his job – it was as if they’d made their minds up already to clear him.’ Horrifyingly, Amelie’s ex continues to serve as a police officer despite the serious allegations against him. ‘I can’t trust the police to protect me or my children,’ Amelie says. ‘I know that if and when my ex loses his job, because of the things that I’ve brought forward, mine and my children’s lives could be on the line.’ According to Kate, a support worker for the Women’s Aid Live Chat service, survivors of police perpetrated domestic abuse often approach the charity for support. She fears they can be at increased risk. ‘If a police officer is using their status to further abuse the survivor this could also compound the abuse they are experiencing,’ she explains. ‘This often puts women who are experiencing domestic abuse from a police officer in a dangerous situation. Real harm can be caused by a poor response or lack of investigation when dealing with allegations of police perpetrated domestic abuse.’ When Pamela’s* ex put his hands on her chest and violently shoved her to the floor following a small argument after years of coercive and psychological abuse, she knew she had to escape. A police officer herself, working in the same station as her ex, the mum of two explains the abuse escalated ever since she joined the same force, with her then partner becoming more and more controlling whenever she tried to gain independence. ‘It’s hard to describe the feeling when he first pushed me,’ the 36-year-old tells Metro.co.uk. ‘It was like he had a sense of entitlement to do it and I remember being quite scared because he’d spent years telling me how respected he was in the police. He used his position to control me.’ Despite her own role in the force, Pamela was afraid of reporting her ex who, despite being the subject of three domestic abuse investigations, continues to work with victims of sexual assault. Instead, she confided in a work colleague. ‘After filling out a statement, I got a call from my superior saying that no further action was being taken because it would be my word against his. ‘I expected them not to believe me because by that time, I had very little self-respect.’ Pamela eventually transferred to another station in a bid to escape from her abuser who continued to torment the single mum by controlling her finances and withholding money. However, after another incident forced Pamela to make a second complaint to her supervisor, her ex deliberately transferred to the same station in an attempt to further intimidate her. ‘That’s the moment I realised I was more vulnerable than ever,’ she recalls. ‘Despite me reporting him and despite him being investigated, I couldn’t understand how he was allowed to work at the same station as me. ‘I had nowhere to turn, I wasn’t safe at home, my mental health was crashing, and they really didn’t seem to care in the slightest.’ Thankfully, Pamela has since transferred to another station where her superiors are helping her overcome the effects of the abuse. But the mum of two still fears coming into work and worries her ex is starting to stalk her. ‘He’s started playing games again and I have daily nightmares and flashbacks,’ she says. ‘I dream of the day that my kids and I can move and enjoy a life away from this trauma.’ According to Nogah Ofer, a solicitor at the CWJ and author of the super complaint submitted to police forces in March 2020, a number of measures are required to protect survivors of police perpetrated domestic abuse. ‘We’re also concerned about the way that disciplinary decisions are made in that most reports of domestic abuse are made off duty. We’ve seen in some cases where forces have said an incident of abuse has not discredited the police service simply because it was a private matter. ‘One of the main suggestions we’ve raised is a bespoke reporting mechanism so that survivors don’t have to approach their local force when making a complaint,’ she explains. ‘The point of initial contact should be the Independent Office for Police Conduct who then brings in an external force to lead the investigation.’ She adds: ‘There should never be a reason to not take misconduct action because an incident took place while the officer wasn’t working.’ *Some names have been changed *Metro.co.uk has contacted The Home Office for comment Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Kimberley.Bond@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Rishi says rapist cop David Carrick’s abuse of power is ‘truly sickening’ MORE : David Carrick has proved that there is more than one bad apple in the police – how can women feel safe? MORE : Serial rapist cop David Carrick finally kicked out of the Met