Eating porridge every day can get deathly boring – but switching from sweet to savoury might just save your tastebuds. The humble oat was given a much-needed rebrand with the overnight oat craze, but even that is starting to taste a bit stale now. We can’t say we will let go of Bounty overnight oats anytime soon, but there’s a way to keep your love for porridge alive: make them savoury. It’s simple. Vegetables take centre stage over fruit, and chia seeds are swapped for grated carrots. ‘Eating rainbow savoury oats are better for your health and your budget than overnight sweet oats,’ says nutritional therapist Helen Perks. ‘Prepping savoury oats means you can use leftovers from your fridge or your Sunday roast; spinach, kale, butternut squash, peppers, sweet potato and parsnip, which means less food waste,’ she adds. It’s also cheaper than the berries and nut butter favoured in overnight oat recipes. Making savoury porridge is a great way to pack in more iron than is often lacking in vegan diets, because you can whack in lots of green leafy veg like spinach and kale. These kinds of veg also provide us with magnesium, folate and chlorophyll – which all help reduce the risk of ‘obesity, heart disease, high blood pressure and mental decline,’ Helen says. Kale, for instance, is packed with vitamins A, C, and K. It also contains antioxidants such as lutein and beta-carotene, which reduce the risk of diseases caused by oxidative stress. ‘When I talk about oxidation,’ Helen says, ‘I’m talking about the rusting of our cells, which is certainly something we don’t want, as cells make tissues and tissues from organs.’ Opting for savoury Polyphenols (a micronutrient found in plant-based foods) over sweet Polyphenols, can also help regulate blood sugar. This is beneficial for anyone with metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, Helen adds. When it comes to savoury porridge, the star of the show is the simple egg. ‘The very best thing about savoury porridge is being able to add a poached egg,’ Helen says. ‘Eggs are one of the best sources of protein we can have, as they include all 9 essential amino acids. Essential means the body cannot synthesise them so we need to get them from our diet.’ Registered nutritionist and author Rhiannon Lambert also likes adding an egg, poached or scrambled, to her brunch-style porridge and topping it with avocado. A grated carrot or courgette is a winner, too. Rhiannon says: ‘I am making a lot of these with my children at the moment. I call it carrot cake porridge and these savoury versions have been a hit in my Rhitriton clinic for years.’ ‘Grating veggies into oats helps increase the fibre content, too. Eating more veg is great for your gut health.’ However, you choose to do it, starting your day with savoury porridge should put a pep in your step. ‘Topping our savoury porridge with micro greens means adding 40 times more nutrients compared to their mature counterparts.  Some of these nutrients include vitamins C, E and K,’ Helen says. For the meat eaters, Helen advocates for adding bone broth into her oats. She says: ‘It’s a comforting addition to the start of my wintery day. ‘Bone broth can support the lining of the gut, support joint health, muscles and bones as well as overall skin, hair and nail health.’ Ingredients: Method: Ingredients: Method: Ingredients: Method: Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The (healthy) breakfast clubs to help you start the day with a nutritious meal MORE : Try these Ottolenghi’s turmeric fried eggs for a quick but impressive breakfast MORE : Baked salad is popping off on TikTok – here’s what it is and how to give it a try