After immense backlash to the lack of female nominations this year, the Brit Awards has responded. Despite the ceremony’s new approach for 2023, which saw it scrap gendered categories, fans have been left raging after no women were recognised in the coveted artist of the year category. Instead, only male nominees have been shortlisted for the honour: Central Cee, George Ezra, Harry Styles, and Stormzy. Therefore, after Adele won the gong last year and since British female solo artist and British male solo artist are no more, she will remain the only woman to have won the trophy until at least 2024. Music lovers have been voicing their anger since the news was announced, branding it ‘extremely disappointing’ and ‘a joke.’ Now, the Brits have addressed the criticism, defending their decision to Metro.co.uk. ‘While it’s disappointing there are no nominations in the artist of the year category, we also have to recognise that 2022 saw fewer high profile women artists in cycle with major releases as was the case in 2021,’ a spokesperson said. They continued: ‘Last year’s introduction of new categories aimed at making the awards even more inclusive, recognising exceptional work rather than how artists identify. It saw women artists thrive, winning 10 of the 15 awards on the night and Adele being crowned inaugural artist of the year. ‘We are pleased to see Wet Leg leading the nominations with four nods and FLO winning the Rising Star, and artists such as Nova Twins also included in this year’s shortlists, and while it’s disappointing there are no nominations in the artist of the year category, we also have to recognise that 2022 saw fewer high profile women artists in cycle with major releases as was the case in 2021.’ The spokesperson concluded that ‘these trends based around the release schedule are a feature of the music industry’ but if, over time, a pattern emerges, ‘then this puts the onus on the industry to deal with this important issue.’ They claimed the BPI is ‘already carrying out a major study to identify barriers that may inhibit more women becoming successful in music, so that there can be solutions that result in meaningful change.’ This is far from the first time the Brits has been called out for a lack of female representation. For example, to this date, Little Mix are the only girl band to have won in the best group category. The prestigious music awards have faced further criticism after failing to nominate any R&B artists in the new best pop/R&B category. Artists who did make the cut were Charli XCX, Dua Lipa and Cat Burns – all three of whom haven’t released any new original music this year – as well as As It Was hitmaker Harry and Sam Smith. Former One Direction heartthrob Harry leads this year’s noms with four to his name, while rock band Wet Leg also have four. Also nominees include Blackpink – the only Korean pop group nominated – as well as The 1975, Calvin Harris, Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Lizzo, and Becky Hill. The Brit Awards 2023 will air live on Saturday, February 11 at 8pm on ITV1 and ITVX. MORE : From The 1975 to Sugababes: Your guide to Brits Week 2023 gigs MORE : George Ezra admits he ‘doesn’t have the answer’ over lack of females in best artist category at Brit Awards but praises ‘eclectic’ representation   