A shocked dog walker has hit out after discovering 37 poo bags along her favourite pathway. Sara Truelove likes to take her eight-year-old lurcher Ziggy Stardust for walks between St Enodoc and Rock in Cornwall, but says the ‘health hazard’ has got worse over Christmas. She said it has become normal to find two or three dog poo bags hanging from trees at her eye level. ‘It’s my pet hate. I often see three or four poo bags left by the side of the path on my walk but I’ve never seen it as bad as that,’ Sara said. ‘The last couple of times I’ve done that walk I haven’t seen one bag so I think that it was Christmas traffic. ‘The number of people and dogs increases 10 times during holiday periods in this area and over the Christmas week at least 10 bags per day were being left by the path, some of them together in a group in the same distinctive red bags.’ She added: ‘The day after I picked up the 37 bags there were eight more already. It was so bad I felt I had to go back to my car to get a plastic bag to pick them all up. I felt it was a bit of a health hazard but also an eyesore.’ Sara thinks the usual culprits are involved because she spots the same distinctive red plastic bags. ‘Can people take their dog poo bags with them? There are plenty of bins down at Rock to put them in. It’s horrible for other people and often, even though the intention is to come back and pick them up, people forget,’ she said. Sara is not the only person to notice the dog poo in the area and it has become a cause for concern among locals. Commenting on the We Love Rock and Polzeath Facebook group, fellow dog walker Catherine Lambden Bond said: ‘Just been on the same route and picked up around 12 bags on the path above quarry carpark. ‘At least six were within three metres of each other and in very distinctive red bags. ‘Bizarre. It was like someone had emptied a carrier bag of full poo bags in one place.’ Pip Mayland was also not impressed. She said: ‘I’m sick to death of people leaving their disgusting bags of dog poo on paths, on rocks, wedged into walls, hanging on bushes, on stiles. ‘What is the matter with them? It’s rude, disgusting, selfish and dangerous.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.