Cher looked every inch a woman in love as she received a kiss from her boyfriend Alexander ‘AE’ Edwards to ring in the New Year. The Believe singer, 76, spent the last night of the year with her new man, music executive Alexander, 36, who she has been dating for the past couple of months. As the clock struck midnight, Alexander puckered up to the pop icon and planted a kiss on her cheek as she smiled away clearly overjoyed, while another cute snap showed the lovebirds staring sweetly into each other’s eyes. ‘Happy New Year Daddy,’ she captioned the post. In both images, Cher’s new piece of bling was clearly visible – a large diamond ring on her left hand that has sparked rumours of an engagement. She made no reference to the jewellery but instead sent a message to any haters of the couple, tweeting: ‘This should Send you Haters to The Part in Wizzard of  OZ…WHEN DOROTHY THREW WATER ON THE wicked Witch & Melted her.’ The If I Could Turn Back Time singer first pictured the diamond ring on Christmas Day, when she shared a photo of the stunning piece, which features a teardrop stone, in a jewellery box. ‘THERE R NO WORDS, ALEXANDER, A.E,’ she captioned the post. Cher’s fans rushed to ‘congratulate’ the star assuming Alexander had popped the question, but she stopped short of confirming the speculation. After being spotted on a string of dinner dates, Cher confirmed her romance with the producer in November by tweeting a photo of Alexander with a red heart emoji. However, their relationship has been shrouded in scrutiny over the 40-year age gap between them. One concerned follower previously commented: ‘I’m not sure how I feel about this. I’ve been a fan for so long that I’m immediately suspicious of his intentions towards you. WE know you are fabulous and I’m sure your inner circle will continue to have your back. Want you to be happy, but not taken advantage of!!!’ Cher swooped in to reassure the fan that there’s nothing to worry about, responding: ‘As we All Know …I WASNT BORN YESTERDAY,& What I Know For Sure…There Are No Guarantees. Anytime you make a Choice You Take a Chance.I’ve Always Taken Chances…It’s WHO I Am [sic].’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 