Vikki Thomson, 39, and partner Martin Roxburgh, 50, welcomed a son last month after nearly a decade of hoping for a second child. The couple spent eight years trying for a baby and suffered four miscarriages during this time. They had almost given up hope when they found out they were pregnant last year. Vikki – who is already a mum to 10-year-old Maizy – said: ‘I had my daughter ten years ago with my previous partner. ‘Martin and I had been trying to get pregnant for eight years. ‘We have lost four babies. ‘IVF wasn’t going to be a good option for us as our chances of it working were low. ‘We didn’t think it was going to happen and had stopped trying, but then I found out I was pregnant with Bobby. ‘He is a wee miracle.’ However, Vikki says her pregnancy was filled with anxiety and worry. Also, due to the placement of Vikki’s placenta, she couldn’t feel him kicking – so was asked to attend check-ups twice a week. She added: ‘I didn’t want to get excited in case anything happened and I didn’t believe until he arrived that he was coming.’ But, 11 days early, baby Bobby was born via emergency cesarean-section on December 12 – weighing 7lbs 1oz. The family are besotted with their ‘miracle’ baby and Maizy is adjusting to her new role as older sister – and even came up with the little one’s name. Mum-of-two Vikki, from Denny, Falkirk, said: ‘We are all enjoying having him around. ‘Maizy is loving it. She’s a great help and she loves him to bits. ‘She was one of the first visitors in to see him after he was born and she helped pick his name. ‘She used to call my bump BOB – Baby on Board – when I was pregnant and when we found out we were having a boy it became Boy on Board. ‘We didn’t want to call a wee baby Bob, but that’s how we came up with the name Bobby. ‘It’s special because Maizy helped pick it.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘I accidently married my cousin’: Couple realise they’re related when looking for a baby name MORE : I’ve spent £35,000 on unsuccessful IVF treatments – but I’m still hopeful MORE : Mum told she wouldn’t have more kids after leukaemia has ‘miracle baby’