Prince Harry’s tell-all memoir will be ‘tough on William’ but Charles will come out better than expected, reports say. The royal brothers already have a strained relationship, but Harry revealing personal details about it may end the possibility for ‘any reconciliation’, a source told The Sunday Times. ‘Generally, I think the book will be worse for them than the royal family is expecting,’ they said. ‘Everything is laid bare. Charles comes out of it better than I had expected, but it is tough on William in particular, and even Kate gets a bit of a broadside. ‘There are these minute details, and a description of the fight between the brothers. I personally can’t see how Harry and William will be able to reconcile after this.’ Harry’s book, Spare, will be released on January 10, and comes hot on the heels of his bombshell Netflix documentary, in which he claimed William ‘screamed and shouted’ at him for leaving the UK. It is set to be one of the biggest books of 2023, having reached No 1 on Amazon as soon as it was available to pre-order in October. The book also explores Harry’s grief following his mum’s death, with the source claiming it gives the impression he never recovered from Diana dying so young. It is ghostwritten by JR Moehringer, an author known for his expertise in difficult father-son relationships. Harry will read the audiobook himself and has donated some of its proceeds to various charities, including Sentebale, which was founded in memory of his mum to help young people affected by HIV/Aids. It is understood Harry’s upcoming memoir does not mark the end of Harry and Meghan’s bombshell revelations. The Sussexes struck a reported $20 million deal with Penguin Random House to publish four books. Meghan is said to be ‘contemplating getting entirely candid about her time in the Royal limelight… and leaving no stone unturned’. ‘I would find it surprising if Meghan didn’t publish her own story, to be honest,’ a Hollywood agent told The Mail on Sunday. ‘Spare is clearly Prince Harry’s chance to tell his, but hers is equally compelling. I mean, how many actresses end up marrying a Prince?’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.