On January 21st we enter Aquarius season. Aquarius is an Air sign, a fixed sign, ruled over by Uranus. Aquarians are smart, innovative, progressive, truthful, moral and globally conscious. We need more of them! They are the kind of people that are interested in inventing new ways and means to resolve humans’ problems and improve – or prolong – life on Earth. The vibe of Aquarius is invention, newness, big ideas, social conscience and justice concerns. Think beyond your own back yard. Consider your place and your contribution to this life on Earth. Reflect on your legacy. Dare to dream about how you can become a better citizen on this planet. Let the tarot guide you as to the key skill or strength you can best share with others to improve your corner of the world… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for Aquarius season: Page of Coins Meaning: You can help to teach someone, impart your knowledge, or train someone in a relevant and important skill. Pass on what you know. Be a source of wisdom. Help someone understand something they are struggling with. Whether it’s at work, in the community, the family or amongst friends, you know or get something that someone else really needs a hand with. The Page of Coins is about learning and education. Share the knowledge. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for Aquarius season: Judgment Meaning: Taurus, you are a really deep thinker and you analyse stuff way better than most people can. Judgment shows you’ve had some important revelations and epiphanies recently and they are too good to keep to yourself. Hard-earned wisdom can be shared, even if not experienced, with others. It might save someone close to you a whole heap of trouble, learning from the circumstances you’ve now overcome. Talk about your personal insights. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for Aquarius season: The High Priestess Meaning: Share your magical imagination with others – be they children in the family, friends feeling a bit blue, family members who have been poorly or lonely, or just your other half. The High Priestess reveals what amazing insights, ideas, imaginings, stories and games you’ve got going on in your head. You are a natural inventor. Invent some magical goings on this winter and share them with others. Bring light to the darkness. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for Aquarius season: Eight of Swords Meaning: You have great intuition and insight into the way things really are with others, and yourself. You understand what lies beneath, what motivates and triggers people. The Eight of Swords asks you to help someone you know, who is stuck in a rut or a repeat pattern, to see the mechanisms of their situation for themselves. With some subtle hints and nudges you can plant the seeds that will lead to a revelation for them that changes everything… This is a game-changing shift and you hold the key. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for Aquarius season: Two of Swords Meaning: Decision-making is the theme of this Aquarius season for you and yours. Lead by example and, with the cutting Two of Swords, get to the root cause or crux of the issue of the outstanding decisions you’ve been putting off. At work, be decisive and clear and help sweep up any ambiguity or chaos you uncover. At home, help loved ones make tough choices and support their outcomes. Be a light for good, informed decision-making. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for Aquarius season: King of Wands Meaning: Adventure is called for this Aquarius season – travel, exploration, new horizons and different activities you have not done before. You are kind of cautious by nature and prefer knowing what you’re doing/where you’re going… but the King of Wands wants you to be more spontaneous, wild and risk-taking. By doing so, you will free up space for new people, and bring your shrewd, practical energies to places previously unknown. You are too good to waste in the same old places, with the same old people. Branch out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for Aquarius season: The Lovers Meaning: There’s a bit of a rift or chasm in a family or friendship group that you’re close to. The Lovers shows there are conflicting feelings and head vs heart stuff going on, perhaps it’s a bit of a drama triangle, perhaps two people are closer and one is left out. You almost enjoy the gossip but it’s getting a little toxic. You can help to resolve this. Don’t stir the pot or sit back too far. Try and bring people back together. Try and get them to remember why they’re pals. Ignite a good time and hope that laughter and fun can heal these rifts. Be the ‘glue’. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for Aquarius season: Queen of Coins Meaning: Scorpio, you are a tough, independent, confident, and practical go-getter and you can mentor someone in your vicinity now to be more like you. It might be at work, or home, or community, or wider family. The Queen of Coins puts you in a leadership position, mentoring and coaching, leading by example, sharing expertise and wisdom. You can make a real, lasting difference here. Notice where guidance might be needed and be on the front foot to provide it (with patience and compassion). Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for Aquarius season: Two of Wands Meaning: Help bring a little good fortune, sparkle, and optimism to your circle (be that at work or home or amongst friends). You are ruled by Jupiter and you’re abundant in joy and enthusiasm and good fortune. Bring those happy, lucky vibes to your gatherings and interactions. Be the voice of positivity. Look on the bright side. Compliment others. Tell them the good news. The Two of Wands asks you to do what you do best this Aquarius season – be your most joyful self. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for Aquarius season: The Emperor Meaning: A project, situation or activity in your realm is drifting along, going nowhere, and is in danger of fizzling into the ether if someone doesn’t grab a hold of it and make a plan and kick it off again. That’ll be you, then, Cap! The Emperor sees you taking the initiative and doing what needs to be done to get this ambition moving again, on a good course, with proper checks and milestones in place. You actually enjoy this sort of thing, really, so it’s no hardship. Others just aren’t as organised and practical as you are – share your skill. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for Aquarius season: The Hierophant Meaning: Get involved in a local charity, campaign, group, forum or circle that does good in the community. The Hierophant always asks us to join in, contribute, bring our personal time and energy to a bigger cause that does good. And doing good feels good, so it’s a win/win. You are so smart and innovative, we all need to use your ideas and schemes. You can make such a difference if you pick the thing that moves you the most. Lend them your time. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for Aquarius season: Four of Wands Meaning: This Aquarius season, look to work and what you can personally help to improve in your workplace culture, facilities, mood, or output. The Four of Wands has you making a positive contribution that is appreciated and also, side bonus, gets you noticed and maybe even earmarked for something positive down the line. Don’t sit and moan or listen to others… do something inventive about fixing it. The effort will be noticed. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 15 to January 21 MORE : Cosmic financial helper rituals to bring magic to your money in 2023 MORE : What’s in store for the year ahead? Your star sign’s 2023 tarot horoscope for love, work, money and more