Molly-Mae Hague has given the biggest hint yet to her due date as she counts down the days until she gives birth to her first child with boyfriend Tommy Fury. The 23-year-old previously insisted she wouldn’t share her exact due date with fans, but has now revealed that she is ‘two weeks away from giving birth’. Love Island star Molly-Mae showed off her blossoming baby bump in a new YouTube video, explaining that it may be her final update before her daughter’s arrival. Baring her bump to fans, she said: ‘Here I am. Here is baby girl, full term. I am now nine months pregnant.’ She revealed that she thought her bump would be bigger than it is, although she recently bumped into builders who worked on renovating her and boxer Tommy’s home during her pregnancy, with them asking her: ‘Bloomin’ heck have you not had that baby yet? It looks like you’re carrying twins.’ Molly-Mae told her fans: ‘All bumps, all different shaped and sized bumps are amazing.’ However, during the video, Molly-Mae then became surprised at how quickly the bump had grown in the final days of her pregnancy, admitting it was a good thing as she is ‘literally two weeks away from giving birth’. Earlier this month, Molly-Mae got ‘choked up’ on camera as she admitted that, while she can’t wait to meet her firstborn, she will miss being pregnant. She said: ‘I think I’ll really miss the feeling of having a little person inside me that survives off me and it sounds really, really cringy and I will literally end on this but when you’re pregnant, you never feel lonely. ‘Like you literally never feel alone. Why am I getting choked up saying that? What the hell? You never feel lonely like you’re always with someone. ‘And that is like such a special feeling like when I’m at the house by myself or like when I’m here and I’m home alone or whatever or Tommy’s nipped out or whatever, I never ever feel lonely or by myself.’ Fans of the PrettyLittleThing creative director are convinced they have worked out the name of Molly-Mae and Tommy’s baby, guessing she will be named Halo. A home interiors company has recently uploaded an image of a baby’s nursery they had designed which looks very similar to the rest of Molly-Mae’s home. Neo Home UK’s upload saw a white open-plan wardrobe filled with white dresses hanging from a gold bar and clothes neatly folded in piles. Above the cot, a cloud-themed design is seen on the wall, with the name Halo lit up in white lights. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague teases TV return following successful Love Island stint MORE : Heavily pregnant Molly-Mae Hague refuses to let bump cramp her style as she coordinates chic outfit with £193,000 ‘mom car’ 