Conor Benn has taunted Chris Eubank Jr following his rival’s stunning defeat to Liam Smith. Eubank Jr was shellshocked in Manchester on Saturday night after being floored with a devastating uppercut in the fourth round, hitting the mat for a second time shortly before the referee waved off the contest. The Brighton fighter was fighting for the first time since his grudge match with Benn was called off in October after the latter’s failed drug test. And just minutes after Eubank Jr climbed off the canvas, Benn mocked his rival on social media. ‘Oh man, Chris Eubank Jr it is a good job you didn’t fight me. You’d last two rounds at 160,’ Benn wrote on Twitter. Alongside the message, Benn also shared a clip of British boxing legend Naseem Hamed calling for Eubank Jr to ‘finish before he gets hurt’ in the wake of his 2018 to George Groves. Benn also shared a clip on Instagram of him watching the aftermath of the fight alongside his legendary father Nigel Benn. Benn asked, ‘What you saying dad, he wouldn’t have got passed two, would he?’ with the former middleweight and super-middleweight champion laughing in response. Smith, a former light-middleweight world champion, moved up in weight to middleweight [160lbs] to beat Eubank Jr. Eubank’s proposed fight with Benn was scheduled to be fought at a catchweight of 157lbs, with the Ilford fighter moving up from welterweight. Eubank Jr has now lost three of his 35 professional fights with Billy Joe Saunders, the first man to beat him back in 2014, also taking the opportunity to pile on the defeated fighter. Eubank Jr had persistently mocked Smith in the build-up to the fight, insisting he would only need to be operating at 50 per cent of his powers to beat the Liverpudlian. Saunders, who has not fought since suffering a broken eye socket up against Saul ‘Canelo’ Alvarez in 2021, shared an image of Eubank Jr staggering across the ring after being knocked down on Saturday night, tagging the fighter with the message ’50 per cent’ alongside a laughing emoji. MORE : Liam Smith secures stunning victory over Chris Eubank Jr with fourth round stoppage in Manchester MORE : Chris Eubank Jr wears rainbow armband at weigh-in in response to Liam Smith’s homophobic slurs For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 