Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez is now pushing to join Chelsea before the end of the January transfer window, according to reports in Portugal. Chelsea have been negotiating with Benfica for several weeks but have been unable to agree a deal with the Portuguese club for Argentina’s World Cup winner. Benfica have been adamant that Chelsea must pay Fernandez’s €120 million (£105.4m) release clause and the Premier League club’s attempt to meet that figure by offering the fee in instalments has been rejected. Fernandez, meanwhile, was disciplined by Benfica earlier this month as he attempted to force his move to Chelsea by missing two training sessions and returning to Argentina for New Year celebrations without permission. The midfielder then appeared to signal that he wanted to stay with his celebration in front of Benfica’s supporters after scoring in their Portuguese Cup win over Varzim. However, Record reports that Fernandez has had another change of heart and has indicated to Benfica that he wants to join Chelsea before the window closes on Tuesday evening. The report also claims that members of Chelsea’s hierarchy are now travelling to Lisbon in order to negotiate directly with Benfica, similar to how they secured a deal ahead of Arsenal for Mykhailo Mudryk earlier this month. Meanwhile, The Telegraph reports that Chelsea believe they can reach an agreement with Benfica before Tuesday’s deadline. When asked last week if he believes Fernandez will remain at Benfica, head coach Roger Schmidt said: ‘Yes, of course. ‘When you see Enzo playing you can tell he’s in shape and happy. He’s not thinking about anything else. ‘I’m not expecting to lose any of the starters. I see the players concentrated and I hope this continues.’ MORE : How much have Chelsea spent in the January transfer window? MORE : Chelsea sign Malo Gusto from Lyon in €40m deal but agree loan return For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 