The trial of a rapist who targeted women online for sex must be a ‘wake- up call’ for people using dating apps, a judge has said. Lewis Vanmeer-Sheridan, 28, lured his victims after they ‘swiped right’ when he contacted them online. After striking up conversations he travelled from his Milton Keynes home to meet them. On one occasion he attempted to rape a teenager in 2020. Months later he met another woman and raped her twice. Jailing him for eight years and four months, Judge Rupert Mayo said the evidence given in court showed the potential risks of online dating. Vanmeer-Sheridan had decided that ‘if someone swipes right and you have a match, then you have the green light to have sex with them’, said the judge,  adding: ‘That is not right because, at any stage, anyone can withdraw consent and you have to be sure that – when you do attempt to have sex with them – you have their consent. It is quite simple.’ The court heard the woman that Vanmeer-Sheridan raped suffered a broken rib. Ben Gow, prosecuting, said: ‘She went from being an outgoing, confident young woman to doubting herself all the time.’ And his teenage victim said in an impact statement: ‘You thought it was okay to violate my body and affect my life with complete disregard for my choice.’ Judge Rupert Mayo said: ‘I hope this trial has been a wake up call for you and all people who decide to use hook-up apps to meet people because the extent of your evidence was that, if someone swipes right and you have a match, then you have the green light to have sex with them. ‘That is not right because, at any stage, anyone can withdraw consent and you have to be sure that – when you do attempt to have sex with them – you have their consent. It is quite simple.’ Vanmeer-Sheridan was found guilty of two counts of rape and one of attempted rape at his trial at Northampton crown court. He was also handed a sexual harm prevention order and will be placed on the sex offenders’ register for life. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.