Whoopi Goldberg has taken being called an ‘old broad’ by a heckler on The View in her stride. As the filming of Wednesday’s episode of the panel show began, Whoopi was walking to her seat when an enthusiastic audience member could be heard shouting at her. Taking their seats, Whoopi, who moderates the panel, started to introduce the show but quickly stopped, turned and asked: ‘Did you just call me an old broad?’ Looking at a group of women sitting near the stage, the camera then cut to one wearing a large fur hat. The rest of the panel burst out into laughter, while the audience were also amused by what was playing out. Whoopi, 67, then added: ’She said, “You old broad,” and I was like, hey, it’s Wednesday, and I am an old broad, and happy about it.’ Her co-host Sunny Hostin then told Whoopi that being an ‘old broad’ is better than ‘the alternative’. ‘The alternative is not attractive to any of us,’ the Oscar award-winning actress then said. ‘We all want to be old broads and old dudes, you know?’ However, the heckler seems to have done it in jest, and was perhaps referencing Whoopi’s book Two Old Broads: Stuff You Need to Know That You Didn’t Know You Needed to Know, co-authored with M.E. Hecht, MD, which was released three months ago. This wasn’t the first time Whoopi confronted hecklers on set though. In October last year she started yelling out ‘excuse me’ to a rowdy audience when Senator Ted Cruz was appearing as a guest. Climate change protestors started shouting inside the studio as the conservative politician was speaking, leading Whoopi to step in and ask them to stop. ‘Excuse me, ladies. Excuse us, let us do our job. We hear what you have to say, but you’ve got to go,’ she said. ‘You’ve got to go; you’ve got to let us do our jobs.’ The View airs on ABC in the United States. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Whoopi Goldberg begs Dame Maggie Smith to appear in Sister Act 3: ‘Please do it, I love you’ MORE : Whoopi Goldberg is determined to bring Loose Women to the US and The View to the UK  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 