The Wire actor Al Brown has died at the age of 83 after a battle with Alzheimer’s, his daughter has confirmed. The actor was best known for playing Col. Stan Valchek on the hit show from 2002 to 2008. Brown’s character was recurred in all five seasons of the US drama, playing a major part in the second season. The character was the Polish-American commander of the Baltimore Police Department in the Southeastern district, home to many of the remaining ethnic white neighbourhoods in Baltimore. His daughter, Jenny, said that Brown had died in Las Vegas on January 13 and ‘loved fans of his and was happy to stop and chat with anyone who might’ve recognized him from the show over the years’. She added that he ‘loved his job’, telling TMZ how he had been a 29-year-old Air Force veteran who served two tours in Vietnam before getting into acting in the 1990s. He had many connections to Democratic organisations close to City Hall which helped him climb the ranks quickly. Aside from his work on The Wire, Brown had also starred in The Hustler, Commander in Chief, and Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. On his LinkedIn page, Brown wrote: ‘Have learned almost everything the hard way. But, have never quit or stopped trying. ‘Believe “honor” is a way of life and should be cherished. Have always wanted to be an actor. ‘Gave it up for family, the military, and obvious responsibilities for 30+ years. Back at it. Thank God for my TV Show The Wire!!!’ Fans have flooded social media with tributes to Brown, with one writing on Twitter that The Wire was ‘still my personal pick for best show of all time’. Another said: ‘RIP Al Brown. I’ll talk to the priest about getting a stained glass in his honor for the nave.’ Meanwhile, another tweeter wrote: ‘RIP the brilliant Al Brown who passed away recently. Al played Valchek in the Wire and he did it so extremely well.’ He is survived by his children and extended family. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is The Last Of Us Ellie actor Bella Ramsey? What you need to know about former Game of Thrones star MORE : How to watch The Last of Us in the UK and how many episodes will there be?  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 