The nominations have been announced for the Oscars 2023, with Top Gun: Maverick, Elvis, Avatar: The Way of Water and the Banshees of Inisherin all mentioned in the top categories. The 95th Academy Awards will be taking place on Sunday, March 12, in LA, with some of the biggest names in the industry piling up to walk the red carpet. M3GAN actress Allison Williams and Mogul Mowgli actor Riz Ahmed served as nominations presenters, from the Samuel Goldwyn Theater. It was a big moment for Paul Mescal, Bill Nighy and Colin Farrell, who earned their first Oscar nominations for best actor, thanks to their stints in Aftersun, Living and The Banshees of Inisherin. They will be battling it out beside Elvis star Austin Butler and Brendan Fraser for the Whale. While Tom Cruise was snubbed in the acting categories, his Top Gun: Maverick sequel has been mentioned in the best film category. It might be a tough selection as the action flick is up against All Quiet on the Western Front, James Cameron’s epic Avatar: The Way of Water, The Banshees of Inisherin, Elvis and Tar. Everything Everywhere All at Once, The Fabelmans, Triangle of Sadness and Women Talking are also in the mix for the top gong. Ana de Armas will have all eyes on her at the upcoming ceremony, landing a best actress nomination for Blonde beside Cate Blanchett in Tar, Andrea Riseborough for To Leslie, The Fabelmans’ Michelle Williams and Michelle Yeoh in Everything Everywhere All At Once. Everything Everywhere All At Once co-stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Stephanie Hsu have been nominated for best supporting actress at the ceremony, with Angela Bassett mentioned for Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, beside Hong Chau in The Whale and Kerry Condon for the Banshees of Inisherin. Causeway star Brian Tyree Henry, The Fabelmans’ Judd Hirsch, Everything Everywhere All At Once star Ke Huy Quan and the Banshees of Inisherin’s Brendan Gleeson and Barry Keoghan make up the best supporting actor category. The best director category is made up of Martin McDonagh for The Banshees of Inisherin, Everything Everywhere All At Once filmmakers Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert, Steven Spielberg for the Fabelmans, Todd Field for Tar and Ruben Ostlund’s Triangle of Sadness. Jimmy Kimmel will be on hand to host the awards ceremony in March and is no stranger to the stage, having already helmed proceedings in 2017 and 2018. ‘Being invited to host the Oscars for a third time is either a great honor or a trap,’ the late-night talk show presenter said of the news at the time. ‘Either way, I am grateful to the Academy for asking me so quickly after everyone good said no.’ In a chat with Extra about what viewers can expect on the night, he insisted that he wouldn’t be shying away from making jokes about last year’s event – when Will Smith stormed on stage to slap Chris Rock, in scenes that left everyone reeling. ‘It’s got to come up in some way,’ he admitted to the publication. ‘You know, I don’t want to really make light of it necessarily, because it wasn’t [funny] to comedians. ‘You know, comedians are mad about it…it’s one of those things that for a group of people that find everything funny, it’s not funny, you know?’ The 95th Academy Awards are due to take place in Los Angeles on March 12. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cheryl’s 2:22 A Ghost Story run gets off to chaotic start as co-star withdraws due to illness MORE : The original Mr Blobby costume is now being sold for over £61,000 on eBay with plenty of time to go  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 