Former Love Island star Priya Gopaldas has slammed the show’s lack of diversity and ‘token representation’ as the new cast for the 2023 winter series has been unveiled. Medical student Priya, who starred in the 2021 series and was coupled up with Brett Stanilad shared her thoughts on Instagram, questioning representation on the reality dating show. Taking to Instagram, the 25-year-old penned over a picture of the newest batch of sexy singletons: ‘Love Island, where is the South Asian representation?’ ‘P.S. No, dropping someone in a week before the final is tokenism, it doesn’t count,’ she added – referring to her own time on the show, where she only lasted a week in the villa and was dropped in as a bombshell towards the end. In another story, Priya wrote: ‘It’s impossible to represent every ethnicity.’ Sharing Census 2021 data, she added: ‘Asians make up the 2nd highest proportion of the UK population so should be represented appropriately.’ Priya’s comments echo those made by Sharron Gaffka last year, who said she believed she was ‘scapegoated’ to tick a diversity box. The 25-year-old reality star participated in the hit dating show in 2021, however, she has claimed she and other islanders including Shannon Singh, Priya, and AJ Bunker, were not given ‘an equal chance’ due to their race. Speaking on the Secure the Insecure podcast, she said: ‘I feel like Asian women were taken as a token or a tick box in this series. ‘I felt like I was scapegoated for a tick box 95 percent of the time I was in the villa.’ She continued saying: ‘It was so nice to have me and another Asian contestant, Shannon, there for the first couple of days but she was booted off within 24 hours and then AJ, I don’t know how long AJ was in there for but Priya wasn’t in there for very long either.’ ‘I don’t feel like any of us were given an equal chance at anything. It’s all well and good having a diverse line-up but if there isn’t diversity in what people find attractive then you’ve completely missed the mark and kind of wasted everyone’s time.’ Metro.co.uk has approached ITV for comment. Love Island returns on Monday, January 16 at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Ron Hall details horror football injury that made him lose his sight MORE : Love Island’s Will Young defended by parents after death threats over farming videos 