Most women will say that dry shampoo is up top on their list of products they can’t live without. Washing one’s mane is a step-filled and tiring task and also strips strands of natural oils, meaning it can’t be done everyday. And so, for those in-between days, a workaround is a must. Dry shampoo is a simple product. You simply spray, rub through and brush out. Or so we thought anyway. Posting on Instagram, beauty influencer Rachel Bowling shared the common mistake she believes people make: waiting until hair is greasy before taking action. Rachel argues dry shampoo should only be used on freshly washed hair and not later in the week, going for prevention rather than cure. ‘The biggest piece of advice I can give you and dry shampoo is to use it as soon as you wash and dry it,’ she explained. ‘This will help absorb the oils as they happen rather than using it to try and cover them up.’ Is this shocking revelation correct? According to experts, not necessarily. Tyler Moore, expert hairstylist at Live True London, tells Metro.co.uk that this technique will work on some hair types, but others might find it too heavy. ‘Dry shampoo works by using either starch or alcohol to absorb excess oils and provide a cleaner appearance,’ she explains. ‘No one is necessarily “using it incorrectly” if the method is working for them, but by spraying it into clean hair you can provide some protection against gathering grease. ‘This might be a great method for those with oiler scalps wanting to wash their hair less. ‘However, this might not necessarily be great for your scalp – causing follicles to become clogged with product and oil – which can affect hair health.’ Tyler notes that dry shampoo can be used in many different ways and experimentation can help you find the correct method for you. She says: ‘If you find spraying it on clean hair means the product is more effective for you, then that’s the best method of using it on your hair. ‘To get that fresh feeling and to add volume, part the top layer of hair, spray on dry shampoo where oil has gathered and leave for a few moments before massaging it in with your fingertips. ‘Not only will this avoid any excess residue showing on roots, but will also add bounce and volume to hair.’ Finally, Tyler has some tips on what not to do when it comes to dry shampoo usage. ‘Using dry shampoo on wet or damp hair isn’t recommended, for example, if your hair is sweaty after the gym,’ she advises. ‘We recommend waiting until your hair is fully dry before applying the dry shampoo to prevent clumping and so the product can work effectively.’ MORE : ‘Your colour but better’ is the new big hair trend of 2023 MORE : Mum left with green Asda logo on her head after using plastic bag to help dye hair MORE : L’Oréal’s new makeup applicator uses AR to give you the perfect brows