West Ham skipper Declan Rice has hit back at a supporter who claimed he had ‘given up’ and insists he is as committed to the club as ever despite continued links with Chelsea and Manchester United. The Hammers have endured a difficult campaign and currently lie in 17th place in the Premier League table, just two points above bottom-placed Southampton and only out of the relegation zone on goal difference. It marks a massive drop-off compared to the last two seasons, when they finished sixth and seventh and reached the semi-final of the Europa League where they lost to eventual winners Frankfurt. Rice’s form has also dipped this season, though he remains highly sought after and continues to be linked with a summer move to either Old Trafford or Stamford Bridge – with both clubs eager to bolster their midfields. That has prompted some fans to turn on their captain, with one supporter writing on Instagram that Rice’s body language suggested he had ‘given up’ on West Ham. But Rice was livid with the accusation and responded directly to the supporter on social media, labelling his remark ‘complete nonsense’, and insists he is only focused on playing well and performing for the Hammers. ‘I keep reading little comments like these that are 1) funny and 2) complete nonsense,’ wrote the England international on Instagram. ‘I would never ever give up, for the fans or for the club. Of course times on a football pitch get tough! But especially as captain and wearing this shirt, I know exactly what it means to play for West Ham.’ That did not satisfy the fan in question, however, who responded: ‘We all know you’re leaving at the end of the season. ‘As for the past two games, I have not seen the Declan Rice we all know. I see a Declan Rice who can’t wait for the transfer window.’ West Ham boss David Moyes was even asked about the social media criticism his skipper has faced following the east London club’s 2-0 defeat to Brentford on Friday, with the Scot defending Rice. ‘People can have their opinions, but Declan played fantastically well in midweek and he has done for nearly all the time I’ve been here,’ said Moyes. ‘He’s tried to drive us on and he did everything he could in midweek. I don’t see it [his body language].’ MORE : David Moyes issues Declan Rice transfer update amid Chelsea and Manchester United interest MORE : Michael Owen expects Chelsea to beat Man Utd to Declan Rice transfer but identifies Graham Potter’s priority signing For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 