Gerard Butler has revealed that he accidentally hospitalized co-star Hilary Swank while on the set of PS I Love You. The pair starred opposite each other in the iconic rom-com, which hit the big screen in 2007. Reflecting on the flick during an appearance on the Drew Barrymore Show, the action hero confessed that it was a lot less romantic behind the scenes. ‘She’s so cool and so great to work that I almost killed her,’ the 53-year-old laughed. ‘The scene where I’m dancing and I have the suspenders – I literally shot that scene for a day and a half and I had to dance like an idiot in the suspenders. ‘At one point, the clip, which was a crocodile clip, got stuck in the television as I’m crawling towards her and she’s right in front of me, and she’s laughing hysterically. ‘The camera people had these plastic fronts to protect themselves from this [crocodile clip], it was so dangerous.’ Revealing the moment it all went horribly wrong, he continued: ‘I had to ping it, and it would go past my face. This time I’m crawling towards the bed, it gets stuck. ‘It releases, flies over my head, hits her in the head, slashes her head. I cut her open. ‘She has to get taken to hospital. Imagine a studio and in three seconds everybody’s gone, and I’m just sitting there in my boxer shorts and my boots, and a pair of socks. ‘I just started crying, ”I just scarred Hilary Swank! I almost took her eye out and I just made a fool of myself for two days and this is what I have to show for it. She’s off to the hospital. There’s nobody on set.”’ ‘Talk about imposter syndrome!’ Seriously painful! Gerard was on the receiving end of a head injury himself during the shooting of his new flick, Plane – when he performed a stunt that didn’t quite go to plan. During a chat with Metro.co.uk ahead of the movie release, talk turned to sequences that went wrong on set. The 300 actor confessed that there was a gruesome moment that ended up making it into the final product. ‘I had to do this silly stunt. Basically, I’m walking along the plane, the plane is shaking – this is when I’m in the back of the plane and I’ve gone to check on the passengers,’ he told us. ‘There’s one bit that I’m supposed to hit but I’ve just got to walk along and the plane is shaking, and then I have to pretend to be thrown. It’s like, “Make your head hit up there on the overhead compartments and hit the side of it. You’ve just got to hit this little bit here, but you can’t look because you can’t make it obvious.” ‘I’m walking along and the first [take] I did, I didn’t really hit it right. So, the second one I’m like, “Okay, I’m just going for this.” I walk along, I fly up, basically headbutt the thing, miss the soft part and split my head open.’ ‘That’s the one they used, because it looked real,’ he continued. ‘I did whack my head on this thing. ‘That was a tough stunt. Sometimes, the easiest looking stunts are actually the most difficult and they’re just not fun. “Make that look natural, you can’t look and then you’ve got to go there and whack your head against this thing, but make it look like it was an accident”.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Sopranos star John Ventimiglia’s daughter Odele dies aged 25 months after giving birth to baby girl MORE : Britney Spears says ‘privacy was invaded’ as she speaks out after fans ‘call police for welfare check’: ‘This felt like I was being gaslit and bullied’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 