A musician was killed in an ambush just yards from his home in west London in the early hours of this morning. Fernando Johnson, 23, was attacked as he was getting out of his car in Acton, near the busy A40, at about 2.15am. Metropolitan Police officers rushed to Rosebank Way after reports of a man with ‘significant injuries’. Emergency services tried to save the Mr Johnson’s life, but he was declared dead at the scene. His family paid tribute to the trainee electrician and aspiring rapper, whose stage name was Fdot. His cousin told the Evening Standard two people ‘jumped him and knifed him’ as he got out of his car. ‘He lived on the road where he was stabbed. He had just popped out,’ they said. ‘It is a tragedy – we are all devastated. He was such a lovely person who will be sadly missed. ‘This isn’t gang-related, as far as we know. He was doing so well with his music and going places. ‘He was going to be a big name. He was so positive and a lovely person. He had two brothers. No one can believe it.’ A family statement issued by the cousin described Mr Johnson as ‘a loving family man’ who was ‘passionate about achieving his ambitions’. ‘He was greatly loved by family and friends and well known to the community he always had a smile on his face and greeted everyone with a big smile and hug, it read. ‘He wanted the world to hear his story through his music. ‘He was a talented footballer and played for QPR as a youngster. He was very polite and brilliant with people of all ages. ‘It’s a great loss to the family and community, we will make sure his memory lives on. ‘His mother, father, grandmother and two elder brothers are devastated like all of us. He was the apple of their eye.’ The Met confirmed a murder investigation has been launched, but no arrests have yet been made. Police are currently unable to determine whether the victim was shot or stabbed to death. A large cordon has been put in place, which extends from Rosebank Way along to the end of York Road. A spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Police were called at about 2.15am on Thursday to reports of a man injured in Rosebank Way, W3. ‘Officers and London Ambulance Service attended and found a man, aged in his 20s, suffering a significant injury. ‘Despite the best efforts of the emergency services, he died at the scene. A crime scene remains in place at the location. ‘His next of kin have been informed. A post-mortem examination will be scheduled in due course. No arrests; enquiries continue.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.