There are always some saucy scenes on Love Island, but viewers got a little more than they bargained for, or wanted, last night when Shaq Muhammad got a little too enthusiastic faking an orgasm. During the second episode of the series, the Islanders were given an ice-breaker game to allow them to really get to know each other. One of the challenges included Lana Jenkins having to give a lap dance, but ending up with a split skirt, while Will Young wrapped up a foot massage by licking Olivia Hawkins’ feet. But it was Shaq, 24, taking on the task of re-enacting an orgasm for 10 seconds in front of the Islander he ‘fancied the most’ that left jaws dropped. While Shaq didn’t cause too much drama by choosing his partner Tanya Manhenga, 22, he made sure to show his interest by letting her know what she might expect in the bedroom if they took their relationship further at any point. His groaning and moaning instantly had the whole group shocked watching on, and it clearly made for an awkward experience for all. Looking Tanya right in the eye throughout, she was trying to hold it together and not laugh as the clock counted down. After the re-enactment Shaq said in the Beach Hut that he got caught up in the moment. ‘I just went for it and it just kind of came out at the same time,’ he laughed. Not unlike the rest of the Islanders, those watching on at home were left cringing. ‘Shaq pretending to orgasm has ruined my week,’ one person posted on Twitter. Others quickly realised their mistake of watching the reality show with their parents. Later in the evening Shaq continued to try and woo Tanya, asking her for a kiss while they discussed his efforts in the game. However, she shut him down and said he would have to wait, so he might have to try a little harder to capture her attention. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island bosses ‘want to secure Maya Jama for multi series deal’ after impressing on launch night MORE : Love Island fans predict Will Young will be dumped first after bombshell Tom Clare swoops in to recouple with Olivia Hawkins 