When hitchhiker Kai Lawrence began telling a news crew how he had rescued a woman under attack at the scene of a California car crash in 2013, reporter Jessob Reisbeck knew he had struck TV gold. With a cheeky grin, unruly curls tied in a scarf and a message of love to all, fresh-faced Kai lit up the screen as he recounted his daring intervention. The 20-something told how he’d hitched a lift with a man called Jett Simmons McBride, who then crashed into a pedestrian, pinning him against the back of a parked truck and yelling racist abuse. Kai said that when he jumped out to assist the injured man, a woman also stepped in to help, but McBride grabbed her. Worried that the car driver might snap her neck ‘like a pencil stick’, he then jumped into action, taking a hatchet out of his backpack and repeatedly hitting the driver on the head. In his retelling, Kai even punctuated his demonstration of the blows with the words: ‘smash, smash, smash’. The exclusive news interview made the homeless Kai – real name Caleb McGillvary – an instant hero. And when Reisbeck put their conversation on YouTube, Kai became a viral sensation, known everywhere as ‘the hatchet-wielding hitchhiker’. Reisbeck, thrilled to have landed a media coup, then got a second exclusive with Kai, showcasing his guitar and singing talent as well his Robin Hood lifestyle – living on the move, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor. So the frenzy continued. As producers around the world begged for interviews, the young hitchhiker appeared on the Jimmy Kimmel show and was pursued by Keeping Up With The Kardashians’ creators for his own reality programme. However, it soon transpired that the ‘loveable traveller’ had demons of his own. Within months of his rise to fame he was accused of killing 73-year-old New Jersey lawyer Joseph Galfy by beating him to death. In a newly released Netflix documentary exploring Kai’s meteoric rise and downfall, Reisbeck reflects: ‘In a matter of three months he went from being this amazing, heroic, beautiful person to being wanted by the authorities for murder. So it’s a f***ed up story.’ According to the producers working with their ‘difficult’ new talent at the time, the cracks began to show early. Kai had a habit of peeing in public, bingeing on booze and giving strange or random answers to questions. A musician recalled Kai telling how he had smoked marijuana, which he laced with something stronger in the car with McBride before the crash (toxicology reports showed only marijuana). And the ‘free spirit’ also spoke of a horrific childhood where he had been locked away, as well as how he had been raped while on the open road. Meanwhile, online fame had made Kai welcome in any neighbourhood, so he continued travelling – stopping for parties and being backslapped everywhere for his ‘smash, smash, smash’ ethos. One comedian joked it was the first time US residents had ever been gleeful that a hitchhiker carried an axe with him. However, it was in May 2013 when the party ended for Kai, when he hit the headlines again – this time with reports of his name and phone number being found near the body of Galfy. Kai told police he had acted in self-defence after the lawyer drugged and raped him, but investigators said the crime scene suggested the pensioner was stomped on and beaten to death. In 2019, six years after his arrest, Kai, then 30, was found guilty of the murder and sentenced to 57 years in a maximum-security jail for murder by Judge Robert Kirsch, who called him ‘a powder keg of explosive rage’. The judge said: ‘You are crafty, you are cunning, you are disingenuous and you are manipulative.’ He ruled Kai must serve at least 85% of his time behind bars, adding: ‘When you become eligible for parole, you will still be younger than Mr Galfy was when you murdered him.’ The verdict – which Kai has tried to appeal – left the Kardashians producer who hosted him alone at her own house wondering if she had been reckless. And the Jimmy Kimmel producer admitted he had ‘been wrong’ about the hitchhiker, not seeing a darker side to him. A friend of the murdered lawyer accused the media of creating a celebrity monster, warning: ‘If you’re going to glorify someone, you better know who you’re glorifying.’ Today, Reisbeck is still in touch with Kai in prison. ‘I can sit here and say I tried to do everything the right way,’ the reporter told Netflix. ‘I tried to do everything for him and have him be successful and happy and… I don’t know… expose the good in him and hide the bad and I just couldn’t, I guess. No-one could, I guess.’ The Hatchet Wielding Hitchhiker is available to watch on Netflix now. MORE : Police had a recording of Keith Hall saying he ‘killed’ his wife, Pat – so why did he leave court a free man? MORE : The most shocking series coming to your screens in 2023 MORE : Brian MacKinnon was 31 when he fooled his old school into thinking he was a new teen pupil – but how?