‘Thank god you are with him so we are safe.’ That was the comment from one woman under a viral TikTok video, in which a girlfriend reveals her boyfriend doesn’t wash with soap. The man in question laughs at the camera and tells his girlfriend he uses ‘water’ – just water – to clean himself in the shower. No soap, no shower gel. Cue a lot of horrified comments and more than one million views. Who knows if he’s joking or if this was a one-off stinky wash, but it’s still ignited a debate about the right way to shower. Do most people use soap? And should we be? We asked an expert to weigh in. Dr Ross Perry, medical director of Cosmedics skin clinics, says water isn’t enough to get clean. ‘Unfortunately, just using water for washing won’t remove dirt, bacteria and germs from our skin,’ he explains. ‘That’s because water alone can’t lift off the invisible oil where the germs are hiding, often tucked into tiny creases in the skin. ‘Our hand, faces and bodies have natural oils and germs stick to our oils, meaning that water alone just won’t remove them. ‘However, soap likes both water and oil, and that’s because soap molecules are a type of surfactant which means one end is water loving and one end is oil loving. ‘So when we wash with soap, the molecules act as a mediator between the water and oil molecules and work together so that when you rinse the soap takes away the germs and bacteria on our skin.’ It seems the debate is over: you need to use soap when cleaning your skin, not just water, as water can only achieve so much. Ross adds: ‘Ultimately, as soap is an emulsifier meaning it allows water and oil to mix which allows it to remove dirt, for most of us it’s a good way of maintaining good health every day and keeping viruses and germs at bay.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These 10-minute cleaning hacks will fool your guests into thinking you’re actually a tidy person MORE : Mouthguard-style device cleans your teeth in 10 seconds