A man secretly converted his fiancee’s empty house into a £15,000 cannabis factory to pay off drug debts, a court heard. Kevin Rowlands, 30, refitted Simone Kenyon’s spare bedroom with lights and heating to grow 3kg of weed. But the farm was discovered when officials from an energy company arrived to fit a gas meter and found 60 plants growing. The electricity supply had been bypassed to grow the drugs, inquiries revealed. Rowlands, of Eccles in Greater Manchester, claimed not to know of the drugs but later pleaded guilty to producing cannabis on the orders of local drug gangs. He was sentenced to 19 months in jail suspended for two years after a judge said he had ‘caring responsibilities’ for Kenyon, their daughter now aged eight, and his mum who suffers from COPD. Andrew McIntosh, prosecuting, said: ‘Examinations of the factory found fingerprints on one of the lights above the plants. ‘These fingerprints belonged to Rowlands, who was in the house at the time, and he was subsequently arrested for the production of cannabis. ‘Kenyon was later arrested under the same charges.’ Kenyon, 29, was charged with abstracting electricity and producing cannabis but the allegations against her were dropped after prosecutors offered no evidence. Rowlands has three previous convictions for four offences, including an assault on a constable in 2011 and possession of cannabis in 2009. His counsel Neil Ronan said: ‘He accepts the burden of criminality for both of them and has expressed remorse for his actions. ‘The dealers would repeatedly knock at the front and back doors to try and retrieve their debt. He was stuck between a rock and a hard place and he took to growing plants at his girlfriend’s address to get them off his back. ‘What is clear is that he is somebody who has appalling decision-making skills.’ Rowlands was also ordered to complete 180 hours of unpaid work and 20 hours of a rehabilitation activity. Judge Elizabeth Nicholls said: ‘I accept that you were caught between a rock and a hard place but both those places were created solely by you, your association with criminal gangs was a product of your conduct and as a result, you have brought potential harm to your family and your young daughter. ‘There was a level of financial reward in it for you and you would have known its nexus to criminal gangs. ‘However, you are of somewhat good character considering the age of your previous offences and you did provide a guilty plea. Furthermore, your caring obligations would mean that any immediate custodial would be likely to cause harm to those around you. ‘I hope you consider yourself lucky that you are walking free out of that door today.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.