S Club 7’s Hannah Spearritt has revealed she and her family had to move into an office over Christmas and New Year, after being forced of their home by a landlord. The well-known 90s pop star said she had lived in four temporary homes in the last six months, adding ‘it was stressful, but you deal with it’. The 41-year-old, who shares daughters Tea, four, and Tora, three, with fitness instructor Adam Thomas, explained that the public perception of her and fellow bandmates, including Jo O’Meara and Rachel Stevens, as ‘millionaires’ was ‘just not true’. She went on: ‘Our landlord needed the money and the property sold so fast. We ended up with under two days to leave. ‘What screwed us is we didn’t have time to find another place. We had somewhere over Christmas but ran out of time before we could move in. It was just a couple of weeks.’ Hannah continued to The Sun: ‘We were allowed to stay in our friend’s office. We just used it as our living room. ‘It was extra space. The kids’ beds were there and we had the crayons out. The climbing frame was up; it was fun for them. ‘It was stressful but you deal with it, don’t you? Especially with the kids.’ She added: ‘People think we must all be millionaires but sadly it’s just not true. It was what it was and we enjoyed ourselves at the time.’ Hannah also told the publication she had come down with an illness that had left her bedbound, while her and her partner’s new cafe venture had also stalled. S Club 7 were formed in 1998 and consisted of Hannah, Rachel, Jo, Bradley McIntosh, Jon Lee, Paul Cattermole, and Tina Barrett. Their hits included Don’t Stop Movin’, Bring It All Back, and Never Had A Dream Come True. Hannah is the only original group member not to sign up for S Club’s reunion gigs, including shows at London’s O2 Arena, this autumn. She recently told Metro.co.uk: ‘Do I miss it? I’m grateful for it, but no, I’m very much living the next chapter of life. ‘I do look back fondly. Life has changed completely, and I have changed completely. I have children and all that, sort of, stuff, so it wouldn’t work.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘I felt like I was dying’: S Club 7’s Hannah Spearritt reveals breast implant hell after feeling pressured to ‘fix’ herself MORE : Bring S Club 7 all back? No thanks, says Hannah Spearritt 