Rishi Sunak has said he ‘deeply regrets’ failing to wear a seatbelt in the back seat of a moving car last week after the incident landed him in hot water with the police. The prime minister was fined on Friday after being reported over an Instagram video in which he was seen leaning forward without his belt on while on a visit to Lancashire a day earlier. He spoke out publicly on the incident for the first time on Monday, having previously let Downing Street apologise on his behalf. Asked during a visit to a hospital in Northampton whether he would personally apologise, he said: ‘Yes, I regret not wearing a seatbelt. It was a mistake and that is why I apologised straight away.’ The incident made Mr Sunak the second prime minister in history to be issued with a police fine while in office after Boris Johnson, who paid one for breaking Covid restrictions. It’s also the second such fine he has received while working in government, having paid one while Chancellor for attending a birthday gathering for Mr Johnson. Asked whether he could be trusted to follow the ‘laws of the land’, Mr Sunak replied: ‘Of course I do [follow the law]. ‘In this instance, I made a mistake which I regret deeply and that’s why I apologised straight away.’ Lancashire Constabulary, which isued the fixed penalty notice, did not reveal how much Mr Sunak had to pay. Fines for seatbelt offences are usually around £100, rising to up to £500 if unsuccessfully disputed in court. Labour’s Angela Rayner said the incident showed Mr Sunak is a ‘total liability’, while the Lib Dems accused him of acting ‘as though it’s one rule for [the Tories] and another for everyone else’. Defending the PM, Tory MP Scott Benton said ‘everybody makes mistkes’, adding: ‘Let’s keep this in proportion here. Every single year millions of Britons receive similar fixed penalty notices.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.