When Tim Sunderland’s girlfriend decided to stop drinking, it made him reflect on his own alcohol intake. But rather than going tee total, like his partner, the 34-year-old adopted what’s been dubbed as a ‘damp’ lifestyle. Yes, it sounds weird, but going ‘damp’ is the slightly less intense cousin of going ‘dry’ – when you give up alcohol all together. Instead, it’s about cutting back and being more mindful of your intake. Tim, who runs financial start up Mitto Markets, says: ‘Too many drinks on a weeknight meant I wasn’t go to the gym the next day. ‘I’d lie in and then there’s a good likelihood I’d end up eating junk food – a triple whammy,’ he says. ‘Seeing my girlfriend reap all the benefits from giving up booze, like better sleep and a general happier mood, also came at a time when I started to notice more online awareness about the benefits of not drinking. ‘I realised drinking was stopping healthier habits which I didn’t like. We were coming out of lockdown and I hated feeling bloated and unfit.’ So, Tim placed himself under a strict ‘three drink’ rule. He could go out, enjoy the taste and buzz of a drink – without going too far. Tim said: ‘Once I cut out the big sessions during the week, I was in a better mood, getting more done with my business and feeling healthier#. ‘If I have a mid-week drink, then it’s a strict three beer rule. It’s helped me tremendously in keeping a healthy routine. I’m generally a happier person for it, too.’ Tim says giving up alcohol has meant he takes his exercise routine more seriously. He says: ‘I was motivated to get in shape, which is just not possible if you’re drinking three times a week. ‘The regret of feeling hungover is replaced with a positive feeling having done a great day of work and going to the gym. ‘And I enjoy the smug feeling of waking up bright and bushy-tailed on a Monday morning!’ Tim isn’t the only one who is re-evaluating his relationship with alcohol. In fact, nearly half of all Brits surveyed between the ages 18 and 34 by Princes said they’re making a conscious decision to reduce their intake throughout this month. Even when looking longer term, nearly one in three of all Brits said they planned on drinking less alcohol in 2023, compared to 2022 – instead opting for more ‘no and low’ options. What Damp January looks like for you may be different to someone else. Perhaps it’s as simple as swapping to a low-alcohol beer, swapping wine for water with your dinner, or just giving yourself a drinks limit. But whatever way you choose to approach it, going damp allows you to be sober-curious, without setting unrealistic expectations – and feeling like a failure if you don’t meet them. Julia Gifford, 33, works in PR. She said doing Dry January led to her hardly drinking the rest of the year. She won’t completely cut alcohol out because sometimes she really enjoys a glass of wine or a tangy IPA – but makes sure she’s conservative with what she drinks. Julia said: ‘It’s a pleasure I want to have in my life, but one that I want to have control over.’ She’s been doing Dry January for three years, and this will be her fourth, but in the following months she doesn’t drink much at all. ‘I think it’s good to re-learn socialising and coping habits that don’t include alcohol every once in a while,’ said Julia. ‘During the pandemic my Dry January turned into Dry Half Year, as I only imbibed well into May. It was one of the first warm days, the beer gardens were open, and it was truly a celebration of life.’ Despite Julia’s ‘damp lifestyle’ being drier than most, she says that resisting the urge to drink can help build new habits. ‘It’s at these moments where you get to build those new habits or coping mechanisms. You break that neural pathway that says party equals drinking.’ Like Tim, mum-of-one, Krista Kru, also follows a ‘three drink rule’ when drinking to help moderate her intake. She said: ‘I follow my “three drink rule”, which means I allow myself to have no more than three drinks a night, and they all must be the same kind, such three glasses of wine or three gin-and-tonics. ‘Sticking to this limit allows me to enjoy the party, then still be able to fully function the next day. ‘This has become especially important to me since I became a mum, as no one cancels my parenting responsibilities the next day. ‘I haven’t had hangovers for over three years now – without fully cutting alcohol. So it works for me.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 3 best apps to help you go alcohol-free for Dry January 2023 MORE : Dry January 2023: Seven new alcohol-free drinks to enjoy sober MORE : Doing Dry January could help you drink less the rest of the year, studies show