Lady Susan Hussey has been seen out in public with the royal family for the first time since she resigned in a racism row. The 83-year-old former lady-in-waiting joined King Charles and Princess Anne at a church service in Sandringham today. She stepped down from an honorary role after repeatedly asking Ngozi Fulani, a black British domestic violence campaigner, where she ‘really came from’ at a Buckingham Palace event in December. Wearing a dark-coloured coat and hat, Lady Susan grinned and clutched a white rose as people looked on at the royal estate in Norfolk. She later apologised in person to Ms Fulani, who founded the charity Sistah Space, after she expressed shock at her treatment by Prince William’s godmother. The two women met at the palace again, with an official statement saying: ‘At this meeting, filled with warmth and understanding, Lady Susan offered her sincere apologies for the comments that were made and the distress they caused to Ms Fulani. ‘Lady Susan has pledged to deepen her awareness of the sensitivities involved and is grateful for the opportunity to learn more about the issues in this area. ‘Ms Fulani, who has unfairly received the most appalling torrent of abuse on social media and elsewhere, has accepted this apology and appreciates that no malice was intended.’ It added: ‘The Royal Households will continue their focus on inclusion and diversity, with an enhanced programme of work which will extend knowledge and training programmes, examining what can be learnt from Sistah Space, and ensuring these reach all members of their communities. ‘Both Ms Fulani and Lady Susan ask now that they be left in peace to rebuild their lives in the wake of an immensely distressing period for them both. ‘They hope that their example shows a path to resolution can be found with kindness, co-operation and the condemnation of discrimination wherever it takes root.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.