Kanye West has reportedly got ‘married’ in a private ceremony to celebrate his love with Bianca Censori. The 45-year-old rapper, whose divorce from Kim Kardashian was finalised two months ago, has been spotted with the mystery blonde this week, and it turns out she has worked for Yeezy as an architectural designer for a number of years. As reported by TMZ, the apparently loved up couple held some kind of wedding ceremony to take their relationship to the next level. However, it’s noted they don’t seem to have filed a marriage certificate to make their nuptials legal. Ye was spotted wearing a wedding ring as the pair arrived at the Warldorf Astoria in Beverly Hills, and the jewellery is said to symbolise his commitment after the ceremony. Bianca joined Kanye’s company in November 2020, but it’s not known how long they have known each other. In new song Censori Overload, the star appeared to pay tribute to his ‘wife’, and even references marriage in the lyrics as he sings: ‘And The Bible said, I can’t have any more sex till marriage.’ Kanye was married to ex wife Kim from 2014 until November 2022, and the former couple have kids North, nine, Saint, six, Chi, four, and Psalm, three, together. Kim and Kanye went public with their romance in April 2012, and got married in a lavish ceremony in Italy two years later, just months after the birth of their eldest daughter, North. The 42-year-old reality star filed for divorce in February 2021 after seven years of marriage and was declared legally single earlier in 2022. Following their split, the Skims businesswoman went on to date Saturday Night Live comedian Pete Davidson for 10 months, with their romance ending in August. She is now single, while Kanye embarked on a whirlwind romance with actress Julia Fox and was later in a relationship with social media star Chaney Jones, 25, having compared his split from Kim to the death of Queen Elizabeth II. Posting on Twitter in all caps, he wrote: ‘London, I know how you feel, I lost my queen too.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Kanye West’s representative for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian’s daughter North, nine, transforms into dad Kanye West using makeup MORE : Julia Fox faces grilling over Kanye West romance and denies being his dominatrix: ‘He would have liked it’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 