Chris Evans and Alba Baptista have taken a big step in their relationship in finally becoming Instagram Official. The Marvel actor, 41, has been linked with up-and-coming actress Alba, 25, for several months after being spotted holding hands. However reports later emerged that the pair have been quietly dating for over a year, with one source declaring Chris had ‘never been happier.’ Now it appears the Captain America star has put a stop to the rumour mill by confirming that yes, they are together, with a ridiculously cute video shared to Instagram. On Friday the actor posted a video montage of what his 2022 looked like, and it turns out it was all Alba – or to be more precise, he and Alba scaring each other. The clip sees Chris and Alba take turns at jumping out and shouting at each other to give one another a fright, with Chris rolling on the floor in laughter multiple times. At one point Alba, delighted after scaring him to the point where he dropped to the ground, cuddled up with him and laughed as he recovered. The actor captioned the video with the words: ‘A look back at 2022,’ along with a series of heart emojis. As the rumour mill whirled over the pair’s potential relationship last year, one source told People Magazine that the rumoured couple had been together for over a year and it was ‘serious.’ They added: ‘They are in love and Chris has never been happier. His family and friends all adore her.’ Alba, a Portugese-Brazilian actress, began her career in her native Portugal as a teenager, with multiple roles in films and TV shows, and has since branched out to English-language roles, starting with a leading part in Netflix’s Warrior Nun. She also recently appeared in Mrs Harris Goes to Paris, alongside The Crown star Leslie Manning. Chris, meanwhile, is one of the biggest names in Hollywood, having most recently starred as the voice of Buzz in Disney’s Lightyear. In November he was named People’s Sexiest Man Alive 2022, taking the baton from last year’s winner Paul Rudd. Metro.co.uk has previously reached out to reps for Chris and Alba for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chris Evans, 41, snapped holdng hands with rumoured ‘serious’ girlfriend Alba Baptista, 25 MORE : Chris Evans, 41, ‘in serious relationship with Alba Baptista, 25, for over a year’ and ‘he’s never been happier’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 