Brewers have warned the price of a pint could soon hit £10 as the government plans to scale back support for the hospitality industry. Charlene Lyons, chief executive of Black Sheep Brewery, said ‘we’ve got to be really careful about price increases’. She told BBC Radio 4’s Today Programme: ‘If we were to push all of the price increase over to the consumer, across the board, whether it be energy and everything else, input costs of raw materials… you’d be talking about over £10 a pint which is clearly not sustainable.’ The current energy support scheme for businesses caps the price of electricity and gas at £211 per megawatt hour and £75 per MWh. From April these caps are replaced by discounts of £19.61 per MWh for electricity and £6.97 per MWh for gas when wholesale prices breach a level of £302 per MWh for electricity and £107 per MWh for gas. Manufacturing firms will receive more generous discounts of £89.10 per MWh for electricity and £40 per MWh for gas. Breweries are eligible for the higher discount but pubs will only receive the lowest – a blow for an industry shattered by the pandemic. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said continuing the scheme is unsustainable, but the new package provides firms with ‘greater certainty’. With 400 pubs closing across England and Wales last year, bosses have warned smaller firms will face financial ruin. Ms Lyons was asked about the new scheme and said: ‘I think on balance it’s fairly disappointing. I think as a brewery we benefit because we are high level but our pubs clearly miss out massively. ‘Energy prices will still absolutely soar for us and everybody else as well. You’re talking about best part of £200,000 per annum and that’s not sustainable for many businesses. including our own.’ The government hopes wholesale gas prices, which increased following Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, will continue to drop. Business secretary Grant Shapps, told LBC his priority was to bring interest rates down by reducing borrowing to subsidise businesses with energy bills. ‘If you borrow that money, inflation, inflationary pressures will have to be dealt with through higher interest rates,’ he said. ‘And higher interest rates for businesses means higher borrowing costs and for costs for homes. It means higher mortgage rates.’ But Martin McTague, from the Federation of Small Businesses, said it was ‘crazy’ to abandon smaller firms having propped them up through the winter. ‘They have to have a realistic timetable in which they can adapt to the new much higher prices otherwise you are eventually leaving them to the mercy of Putin,’ he said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.