Jesy Nelson has shared a refreshing message of body positivity after working through her own struggles, and she’s now happy to embrace what previously were hang-ups. The former Little Mix singer has been open about her insecurity battle in the past, having been trolled about her weight since the beginning of her career on The X Factor, a topic which was heavily featured in her award-winning BBC documentary. However, Jesy, 31, pulled back from the spotlight last year to regroup and recharge, and she’s now in a better mental space regarding her body image. Opening up to fans in her Instagram stories, the Boyz singer said: ‘In this past year I have been focusing on my music, doing the things that I love, I have really learnt to love myself and I have just noticed traits in me that I never thought would happen.’ She then joked: ‘Like little things, I used to wear my trousers up here like Simon Cowell and now they are down here and I am embracing the little pot chubs belly and I just love it. I don’t care anymore.’ Offering encouraging words for her followers, Jesy continued: ‘What I wanted to say is whether you are chubby or skinny or big or whatever, just bloody embrace it because life is far too short to give a s**t what anyone thinks. ‘And I know it’s easier said than done, but the day you stop caring is the day you start living.’ Before 2022 came to an end, Jesy gave fans an update on her solo music and confirmed she’ll release new songs early this year. After the release of her controversial debut song Boyz, it was reported that Jesy had scrapped her album and gone back to the drawing board. Jesy’s former record company then confirmed the Essex-based star parted ways with label Polydor after they ‘failed to agree on new music’. She later teased: ‘Thank you to all my amazing fans for being so loyal and patient I promise you there will be music soon but wanted to make sure it was perfect. Keep your eyes out for some clues but it is coming early next year.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 