Newcastle have edged closer to reaching the 2023 Carabao Cup final after beating 10-man Southampton 1-0 in the first leg of their semi-final clash. There was plenty of late drama at St. Mary’s but ultimately a goal from Joelinton in the 73rd minute was enough to give Eddie Howe’s team the win. Adam Armstrong had equalised just moments after but his goal was somewhat controversially ruled out by VAR for handball. And the Saints’ night went from bad to worse after Duje Caleta-Car was sent off for cynically bringing down Allan Saint-Maximin when the Magpies forward was through on goal. The first-half was a largely dull affair as both sides struggled to generate meaningful chances, with Newcastle controlling possession and Southampton countering when possible. Things did liven up towards the break, with Joelinton finding the back of the net after reacting quickest when Joe Willock’s shot was parried by Gavin Bazunu, only for the visitors’ goal to be disallowed for handball. Newcastle keeper Nick Pope could have seen red just moments later after colliding with Moussa Djenepo when clearing the ball, but escaped punishment as the attacking midfielder was subbed off with concussion. Both sides significantly upped their game in the second-half but still lacked a clinical edge with Joelinton wasting an incredible chance by blazing over from just six yards out. Down the other end, Che Adams had two great opportunities to open the scoring saved well by Pope, before Joelinton finally broke deadlock, firing home after some great play from substitute Alexander Isak. Southampton looked to have snatched a well-earned equaliser just minutes later when Armstrong bundled an effort past the impressive Pope, only for VAR to reveal that the ball hit his hand just before going in. While Newcastle controlled possession, Southampton never looked out of the game until the going down a man, and the Magpies will be frustrated they weren’t able to extend their advantage with both Isak and Jacob Murphy hitting the side netting in the final minutes. The second leg of the semi-final takes place next Tuesday at St. James’ Park. The other semi-final tie between Manchester United and Nottingham Forest gets underway on Wednesday. MORE : Brighton star Moises Caicedo responds to Chelsea, Liverpool and Arsenal transfer links MORE : Arsenal star Granit Xhaka names Mikel Arteta as the best manager he’s ever played under For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 