Harry Styles is surrounding himself with pals following his rumoured split from Olivia Wilde. The One Direction star, 28, was photographed with events manager Sofia Krunic outside The Chiltern Firehouse in London. Keeping it casual yet remaining as cool as ever, the As It Was hitmaker looked cosy in a black North Face puffer coat, layering a grey hoodie and a scarf underneath amid the January chill. Attempting to go somewhat incognito, the Grammy-winning star threw on a pair of shades, sweeping his famous curly locks out of his face with a claw clip. Forever representing, he carried his belongings in a Pleasing beach bag from his own brand, taking a coffee to go as he climbed into a black cab, but not before bidding his friend goodbye. Harry and Sofia shared a sweet hug before parting ways, with Sofia flashing Harry a smile before he went on his way, probably to do more superstar things or conjure up ways to be more of a fashion icon. The Adore You singer’s outing in the capital follows reports he’s on a ‘break’ from his romance with Olivia, 38, whom he met while she was directing Don’t Worry Darling, in which Harry played the male lead. Reports surfaced in November that they were cooling things off after two years together, citing hectic schedules as the reason. A source previously told People: ‘He’s still touring and is now going abroad. She is focusing on her kids and her work in LA. It’s a very amicable decision.’ There isn’t thought to be any bad blood between the pair, though, with a second insider assuring to Page Six that there most likely won’t be any public slanging matches anytime soon. ‘There is no bad blood between them. Harry didn’t dump Olivia, or vice versa,’ they said. ‘This is the longest relationship Harry’s ever had, so clearly they have a special bond.’ Harry’s past relationships include model Camille Rowe, whom he dated for a year from 2017 until 2018, as well as Kendall Jenner, with whom he has also remained close friends. The Watermelon Sugar hitmaker also famously dated Taylor Swift and has been linked to Victoria’s Secret models such as Georgia Fowler and Sara Sampaio. Meanwhile, Olivia split from partner and father to her children Jason Sudeikis after meeting in 2011 and getting engaged. Following the separation, Harry has enjoyed time off at home, spending the festive season with his mum and sister. But, as ever, things in Harry’s life won’t stay calm for long, as he’s due to return to the spotlight next month with a performance at the 2023 Brit Awards, having also been nominated for four gongs. Later this year, the much-loved star will hit the road again with more gigs for his sell-out Love On Tour show, playing stadiums in the UK this summer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles sues online sellers of fake merchandise in a sign of the times MORE : Harry Styles set to make Marvel return as Starfox confirms producer: ‘There are more stories with that character’ 