Dana White says there are no excuses after a video emerged of him slapping his wife Anne at a New Year’s Eve party in Mexico. The footage from a nightclub in Cabo, published by TMZ, shows Anne slapping the UFC president first and him hitting her back before they are separated. The 53-year-old has commented on the situation, saying that there are no excuses for his actions. White told TMZ: ‘You’ve heard me say over the years, “There is never, ever an excuse for a guy to put his hands on a woman,” and now here I am on TMZ talking about it.’ ‘My wife and I have been married for almost 30 years. We’ve known each other since we were 12 years old. We’ve obviously been through some s*** together. We’ve got three kids. ‘This is one of those situations that’s horrible, I’m embarrassed, but it’s also one of those situations that right now we’re more concerned about our kids. We have three kids and obviously, since the video popped up, we’ve shown the kids the video and we’re more focused on our family right now. ‘There was definitely a lot of alcohol involved, but that’s no excuse. I’m literally making no excuses for this thing at all. It’s never happened before. It’s the first time it’s ever happened. People are going to say what they’re going to say and it is what is. Whatever people say is deserved. I deserve it.’ Anne also spoke to TMZ about the incident, saying: ‘Dana and I have been married for almost 30 years. ‘To say this is out of character for him is an understatement. Nothing like this has ever happened before. Unfortunately, we were both drinking too much on New Year’s Eve and things got out of control, on both sides. ‘We’ve talked this through as a family and apologized to each other. I just hope people will respect our privacy for the sake of our kids.’ MORE : Tyson Fury trolls Anthony Joshua, Dillian Whyte, David Haye and Deontay Wilder in Christmas snap MORE : ‘I have proved a lot of people wrong’ – PFL star Stevie Ray opens up on UFC exit and fight to become Scotland’s first MMA world champion For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 