Several people tuning in to watch new Netflix series Kaleidoscope have spotted a subtitles blunder, which features a mention of the late Queen Elizabeth II. The heist drama – which stars Giancarlo Esposito, Rufus Sewell, Tati Gabrielle, Jai Courtney, Paz Vega, Rosaline Elbay and Peter Mark Kendall in the cast – has a unique format, encouraging viewers to watch the majority of the episodes in any order. The idea is that each episode is a piece of the puzzle, with ‘Black’ serving as an introduction to the concept and ‘White’ always intended as the grand finale. The other episodes are also named by colours, including ‘Green’, ‘Violet’ and ‘Blue’, but it’s in ‘Yellow’ where a subtitles error was spotted by those watching with captions on. Around 10 minutes into the episode, a voiceover introduces a character named Suzanne Grosvenor, who works as the lead banker at Duncan-Welsh. As Suzanne’s phone rings, the voiceover adds: ‘Word is the King’s got her on speed dial,’ but the subtitles read: ‘Word is the Queen’s got her on speed dial.’ The late Queen Elizabeth II died on September 8 2022 at the age of 96, resulting in her eldest child succeeding her on the throne as King Charles III. Filming for Kaleidoscope began in September 2021 and wrapped in March 2022, meaning that the change in dialogue would have presumably been made in post-production ahead of the launch of the series. Several people spotted the slip-up, with one tweeting: ‘Oh my god they changed “Queen” to “King” in #KALEIDOSCOPE but they didn’t change the closed captions.’ ‘Funny to see the subtitles say Queen but hear King in the audio. The editors are FAST,’ another remarked. Someone else described the gaffe as a ‘huge subtitle mess up’, saying that while it was a ‘nice last minute edit’, it’s a ‘shame you left the clues’. Another viewer pointed out that there may be several instances of TV shows or films where ‘obvious references to the Queen in the subtitles or background’ if the projects were made before her death. During the New Year’s Day episode of Celebrity MasterChef, former Strictly Come Dancing professional dancer AJ Pritchard referenced the Queen when he spoke about his festive traditions. The 28-year-old said: ‘The thing is, I always watch the Queen do her speech. She always goes to Balmoral in Scotland and I feel like that kind of festive meal that she would definitely enjoy is what I will be cooking for John and Gregg.’ Some fans of the BBC programme suggested that the line should have been removed in the final edit, with one person tweeting: ‘Maybe AJ’s speech about the Queen should have been left on the cutting room floor.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Netflix for comment. Kaleidoscope is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : 1899 axed by Netflix after just one season and fans are fuming: ‘I already hate this year’ MORE : Wednesday on Netflix could move to another streaming platform for season 2  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 