The huge fee Matt Hancock has earnt for swapping Westminster for I’m A Celebrity and how much he will donate to charity has been revealed. The MP appeared on last year’s juggernaut series, alongside the likes of radio DJ Chris Moyles, popstar Boy George and Strictly Come Dancing star Seann Walsh. While the disgraced politician’s decision to sign up for the show and given the opportunity for a ‘redemption arc’ by ITV was slammed by the nation, it came as a surprise when he made it to the final, coming in third place. Among the criticism leveled at him was opting to leave his constituents during the cost-of-living crisis to appear on telly and the continued fallout from his stint as health secretary during the coronavirus pandemic. The Conservative Party even suspended Hancock while he was on I’m A Celeb, while his several of his fellow campmates, including Charlene White, grilled him over his lockdown mistakes. It has been previously reported that Hancock, 44, was going to earn £400,000 for his time, which amounted to a couple of weeks, on the ITV reality series. And according to the financial register published by the UK government, that rumour was not far off the truth at all. The Register of Members’ Financial Interests reveals that Lifted Entertainment, the producers of the show, paid him a whooping £320,000 for 30 days work. According to the latest government’s UK House Prince Index from November 2022, that is more than the cost of the average property, which is £294, 910. It was previously reported Hancock would be donating a portion of the fee to support St Nicholas Hospice Care. A rep told Metro.co.uk Hancock has donated £10,000 to the Suffolk-based hospice They added: ‘As well as raising the profile of his dyslexia campaign in front of 11-million viewers, Matt’s donated £10,000 to St Nicholas Hospice in Suffolk and the British Dyslexia Association, off the back of his appearance on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here.’ Hancock also raked in £45,000 to take part in Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins, for which he spent 80 hours filming. It comes after the MP was assaulted on the London Underground with video showing him being called a ‘murderer’ as shocked commuters watch on. Geza Tarjanyi, 61, from Leyland in Lancashire, was charged following the incident, accused of common assault and two public order offences. He will appear in court next month. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Man charged with assaulting Matt Hancock on the Tube MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins star teases Matt Hancock was ‘given special treatment’ during brutal training 