Vladimir Putin is believed to have ordered a ceasefire in Ukraine set to last 36 hours to celebrate Russian Orthodox Christmas. Russian troops have been told to stand down from noon on January 6 to midnight on January 7. The war despot has instructed his defence minister, Sergei Shoigu, to introduce a ceasefire regime along the entire line of contact, the Kremlin announced. He also called on Ukraine to mirror the ceasefire and allow combatants to attend Christmas services in what has already been branded ‘hypocrisy’. His orders come as major new supplies of Russian armoured vehicles along with troops and weaponry have been moved to Belarus. Videos show Russian BTR-80K amphibious armoured personnel carriers and BTR-82A APCs moved by train. It is believed the Kremlin is planning new offensives against Ukraine from the north. But Belarus claimed the weaponry was being supplied to its forces for defensive purposes. ‘The decision to create a regional grouping of troops on the territory of Belarus was made and is being implemented solely in the interests of strengthening the protection and defence of the US, based on the situation near our borders,’ said the country’s defence ministry. ‘Personnel, weapons, military and special equipment of the armed forces of the Russian Federation will continue to arrive in the Republic of Belarus.’ The ministry said ‘combat coordination activities’ were planned as well as air force drills. A statement added: ‘Joint training of the Belarusian and Russian components of the regional grouping of troops is complex in nature and covers not only the combat component, but also all supporting systems.’ Ukraine is yet to officially respond to Putin’s orders for the 36-hour ceasefire. Mykhailo Podolyak, adviser to Volodymyr Zelensky, stressed that Russia ‘must leave occupied territories’, and only then will it have a ‘temporary truce’. ‘Keep hypocrisy to yourself,’ he wrote on Twitter. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan urged Putin to implement a ‘unilateral ceasefire’, according to a statement from his office. Erdogan also told Zelensky later by telephone that Turkey was ready to mediate a ‘lasting peace’ – an offer he has made frequently. It has already helped broker a deal allowing Ukraine to export millions of tons of grain, and it has facilitated a prisoner swap. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.