Selena Gomez is reported to be dating The Chainsmokers musician Drew Taggart. The Wolves singer, 30, has been linked to the Closer star, 33, for several weeks, with the pair seemingly going on low-key dates to the cinema and bowling. It comes after musician Drew was said to be dating – and then split from – Steve Jobs’ daughter Eve Jobs. A source told Us Weekly about the new rumoured couple, insisting that while it is ‘very casual and low-key’ they are ‘having a lot of fun together.’ The musical duo ‘go bowling and to the movies on their dates rather than ‘trying to hide their romance by sneaking around at members-only clubs,’ the source went on. They claimed that Selena is ‘so affectionate’ with the Don’t Let Me Down star and can ‘hardly keep her hands off him.’ The rumours about the Chainsmokers star’s love life comes after he and bandmate Alex Pall gave some very clear insight into their sex lives, revealing on a recent Call her Daddy podcast that the pair had had threesomes before. They explained it was more common when they were in Europe as their hotel rooms tend not to have separate beds, joking it was ‘almost by force’ that they had to have threesomes together. Selena, meanwhile, recently joked she’s in a ‘throuple’ with Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz, with the trio spending lots of time together in recent weeks. She made the joke after spending Thanksgiving with the married couple, as well as ringing in the New Year together with a sunkissed trip to Mexico. Sharing a series of picture of them together on Instagram, she quipped: ‘Fine calls us a throuple #foreverplusone (sic)’. Nicola certainly saw the funny side, as she commented: ‘Facts.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Drew and Selena for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Chainsmokers confess to threesomes while touring: ‘We were forced into these scenarios’ MORE : Selena Gomez is total mood in smiling snap after hitting back at Golden Globes bodyshamers 