Traffic on a busy motorway came to a halt after drivers were hit with rather unusual weather – it was ‘raining banknotes’. Payday came early for Costa del Sol motorists knocking back coffee and honking their car horns after a car crash sent countless €50 notes flying in the air. The ‘rain of banknotes’ happened yesterday morning after a car crash on the A7 towards Cadiz by the La Cañada shopping centre in Marbella, Málaga, police said. Two drivers carrying €20,000 in €50 notes in a bag were involved in the collision, sending the bag flying out the window and its contents littering the tarmac. Commuters stopped to stuff as many handfuls of cash as they could into their car glove compartments, leading to a major traffic jam at around 11:30am. Footage shows several vehicles pulling up onto the motorway with drivers running to grab the money, which is a pretty good excuse to be late for work. One bus passenger pocketed more than €500 in €50 notes, according to the Spanish social media network SocialDrive. People were, for once, wishing it was them stuck in a traffic jam. ‘I wish all the traffic jams I’ve gotten into had been because the car in front of me was throwing wads of 50 bills out the window,’ one Twitter user said. Another joked: ‘If movies have taught me anything it’s that if this happens, it’s most likely that the money will explode.’ A third user said: ‘The only thing I come across on the road are a**holes who don’t know how to use the indicator.’ According to Sur, a southern Spanish news outlet, the Civil Guard, the National Police and local police, as well as the road maintenance service of the General Directorate of Traffic (DGT) were all mobilised after the outpour. The amount of cash someone can carry on them in Spain is heavily regulated. Per Law 10/2010 of the Laundering Of Capital And Financing Of Terrorism, people can have on them no more than €100,000 in bills. The two men involved in the car crash were not arrested, it was reported, as their €20,000 fell well below this limit. How much of their money they managed to get back is unclear. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.