Carol Vorderman appeared taken aback when quizzed about her sex life live on This Morning, bashfully saying that she ‘couldn’t possibly comment’ on her private left. On Friday’s edition of the ITV programme, Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary spoke to guests Gyles Brandreth and Carol about the latest headlines in the news. However, they couldn’t help but bring up a newspaper article that was recently published that referred to the former Countdown star, with the piece titled: ‘They’re glamorous, ageless and British – the rise of the high-end hun.’ Alison listed off various attributes that were said to qualify someone to be a ‘high-end hun’, before turning to Carol as she read: ‘Maintains a great sex life. Is that true?’ ‘I can’t possibly comment!’ the 62-year-old answered, looking thoroughly embarrassed. Gyles, 74, who’s close friends with Carol, quipped that he reckoned ‘half a dozen people would vouch for that one’. Dermot, 49, appeared to jokingly shake his hand while taking a sip from his glass of water, while Carol playfully pushed Gyles over his remark. Alison, 47, then added: ‘So Carol, how do you feel to be honoured in this manner?’ ‘Well I saw this yesterday, somebody sent it to me, and then I was filming yesterday, so someone went out to get the newspaper,’ Carol recalled. ‘You know the bit that I particularly cried laughing about – it said, Carol Vorderman recently said she has five lovers, said, “It’s a little bit of icing on the cake.”’ The panel all burst into laughter, with Carol gasping while admitting that she realised she had actually said that line. The exact quote in the article published in The Telegraph about ‘high-end huns’ read: ‘They are also into Carol Vorderman, the 62 year-old, Cambridge-educated former Countdown host who recently confessed she has five lovers, a situation she described as “a little bit of icing on the cake”. ‘Spoken like a true hun – as was her rule that her sexual arrangements should “do no harm” to any others (a true hun puts “sisters before misters” all the way).’ While speaking on This Morning earlier this month, Carol said: ‘I don’t want to settle with anybody. My life is a cake. It’s got fantastic friends, I love my job, I love the business of education, I have people who love me, and this busy home. ‘The sort of male/female relationships are the icing on the cake rather than the fundamental basis of it. ‘I don’t know! Just kind of other people who don’t want one partner – everyone’s single, by the way. That’s a critical part of it.’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Carol Vorderman admits she takes a no strings attached attitude to romance with ‘special friends’ MORE : Carol Vorderman speaks candidly about busy love life with her five ‘special friends’ 