A mum-of-four died after waiting 11 hours for an ambulance, despite being promised a ‘blue light response’. Hannah Houghton, 36, suffered from cystic fibrosis and was struggling to breathe on December 18 at home in Kings Norton, Birmingham. Her fiancé James Jackman dialled 999 at 7.20pm, but first responders didn’t arrive until 6.15am the next morning. Hannah was then rushed to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham where she was treated for dangerously low blood pressure. She died three days later, on December 22, after suffering from fatal heart attack. James said: ‘Who knows really but I think that if treatment had started 11 hours previously then we could be facing a different situation. Instead we have four children without a mother. ‘I sat up with her until paramedics turned up, I couldn’t believe the day. I sat with her for ten minutes and told her I loved her and then she went.’ Grief-stricken James is now demanding action from government and health bosses. He added: ‘When the paramedics did turn up, you could tell they were all exhausted. ‘They did a great job and got Hannah to hospital on a blue light as quickly as possible. ‘I know you can’t predict what would have happened if she was seen to earlier, but it could have made all the difference.’ West Midlands Ambulance Service were contacted to provide an explanation for the ambulance delay. A spokesperson said: ‘Firstly, we would like to apologise to the family of Miss Houghton for the delayed response and offer our condolences. ‘If there are long hospital handover delays, with our crews left caring for patients that need admitting to hospital, they are simply unable to respond to the next call, which can impact on the care of the patient in the community.’ Healthcare staff have joined James in demanding better support for the NHS. Patients have been treated in ambulances because hospitals have been so ‘overburdened’ with patients. One healthcare worker also described how crews could even spend entire 12-hour shifts waiting outside crowded A&E departments. Metro.co.uk has contacted University Hospitals Birmingham for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.