A large group of fans were forced to exit from a venue in Leeds during Paul Chowdhry’s comedy gig after reports of a suspected gas leak. It is believed the fire alarm went off at around 8:30pm on Monday evening at Leeds City Varieties. The show was cancelled and people were led away from the building towards the nearby Briggate area. An eyewitness said people were warned not to go near the area as there was a strong smell of gas coming from the cellar. The gig was reportedly meant to take place last April. It has already been rescheduled twice before the evacuation tonight. Hundreds of people were seen gathered outside the venue with people claiming the situation was ‘ridiculous.’ The comedian, 48, took to Twitter to address his frustration over tonight’s events. ‘So gutted for my Leeds @CityVarieties audience that my show was cancelled after the first half,’ he penned. ‘Cancel culture has gone too far. I’ll be back, the matrix can’t stop us.’ Paul is a regular on panel shows and the stand-up circuit in the UK, and previously presented Stand Up for the Week. Last year, the much-loved comic was involved in a terrifying incident earlier which led a fan to intervene. He confirmed he was attacked while ‘in his car’ after the witness messaged him to check whether he was okay. He told his followers on social media: ‘I was attacked in my car yesterday in London. I’m fine and I will update you as soon as I can.’ Fans of the star quickly sent their love, and were relieved to hear Paul was doing okay. It comes after Paul, who is of Indian Punjabi Sikh descent, told Gaby Roslin he had been the victim of racially motivated attacks in the past. ‘I’ve been attacked, lots of stuff has happened to me,’ he told the TV star, on her That Gaby Roslin Podcast. ‘But you can’t let it affect you, you know it’s a part of human nature, some of the darker sides.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Julian Sands’ family praise ‘heroic’ efforts of Californian authorities as search for missing actor enters day 11 MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins recruit heartbreakingly opens up about sexual assault as he undertakes mission to ‘find himself’: ‘I felt like a waste’