Lily Allen and David Harbour opted to ring in the New Year with a loved-up display on the beach in St Barts. The chat-topping singer and stage actress was spotted ahead of the end of the year frolicking in the ocean with her Stranger Things star husband as they soaked up the enviably warm weather. The 37-year-old was giving us Little Mermaid vibes with her purple bikini top and green bottoms seemingly echoing Ariel’s fashion as she splashed around in the waves with David, 47. The Violent Night actor was also seen wearing a mask and snorkel as they enjoyed the shallow reefs that that fully encircle the Caribbean island. David and Lily, who recently got involved with the raging ‘nepo baby’ debate, emerged from the sea with their arms wrapped around one another while laughing during their trip to the beach, while loving wife Lily also took the time to help her husband apply his all-important SPF. At one point the couple, who married in Las Vegas in 2020, also shared a tender kiss while enjoying their time together. It’s Not Fair singer Lily shared snaps from their winter sun holiday on her Instagram too, revealing it was a family affair as they were also joined by her two daughters, Ethel, 11, and nine-year-old Marnie, who she shares with ex-husband Sam Cooper. ‘Having a jolly good time,’ she captioned one set of shots, which included a selfie of herself on a sun lounger and a shot looking the other way that showed David in the pool playing with the girls as his wife got some reading time in. The star then shared a New Year’s message on Instagram with her fans, alongside video and snaps of the family relaxing together in St Barts. ‘Happy New Year everyone,’ she wrote on Sunday. ‘My goals are to inhale as much art and culture as I possibly can, be better at spending less time on my phone, and eat more Nutella. See you on the other side!’ Lily and Marnie were seen in the upload enjoying a quiet beach walk together, while Ethel got stuck into some Nutella on toast. There was also a snapshot of an in-progress game of Uno, a staple of any family holiday, alongside David posing on the bed wearing a miniature face mask. Lily will be busy in 2023 as she is set to return to the West End stage in Martin McDonagh’s play The Pillowman, after garnering a prestigious Olivier Award nomination for her debut in 2:22 – A Ghost Story alongside Encanto’s Stephanie Beatriz and Inbetweeners actor James Buckley in 2021. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicole Scherzinger literally twerks her way into 2023 at glamorous Great Gatsby party with beau Thom Evans MORE : Robbie Williams reveals daughter Teddy, 10, has dyslexia like him 