Captain Lee Rosbach has voiced his upset at the way Captain Sandy Yawn fired Camille Lamb on the most recent episode of Below Deck. The Below Deck Mediterranean star replaced the OG icon on board midway through season 10 of the Bravo show, while he recovered after a recent surgery. However, her arrival ruffled more than a few feathers in the crew, with chief stew Fraser Olender and chef Rachel Hargrove among those feeling her wrath so far. She also made the decision to sack Camille after watching the stewardess repeatedly struggle with her duties. In the latest instalment, Captain Sandy could be seen dialing her predecessor to talk through her decision, however Lee has criticized her for not letting him know first. Live-tweeting Monday’s episode, he penned: ‘So I found out after the fact that she fired one of my crew, not before. Ok?’ In further interactions with fans, the ‘Stud of the Sea’ insisted that he didn’t have an issue with Camille being let go, but rather the way his co-star went about it. When one viewer replied: ‘I think you would have done the same. She needed to go. Bad for the team,’ he agreed, but shared: ‘I would have fired her. But prior to that I would have notified the Captain who I was repalacing what I was doing and why, not after the fact [sic].’ ‘Then why contact me after and tell me at all? Plenty of time to call me after, but not before,’ he questioned to another. ‘She made the right call. But lacked in procedure and respect. Just the way I roll.’ Clarifying his stance to a confused follower, he said: ‘Had I been replacing Capt Sandy on her boat temporarily and felt the necessity to fire one of her crew, I would have called her first to let her know what I was doing and why. ‘I agree with her decision, just not how she went about it.’ Captain Lee also revealed he had been in a similar position in the past, and went straight to the person he had replaced before taking action with their crew. ‘As I have done in the past with other Captains I have filled in for, if there was one of their crew that I had to terminate, I did so, but only after letting the Captain that I was filling in for what I was doing and why and before I did it. Its called respect [sic],’ he fumed. Fans have seen Camille struggle throughout season 10, amid growing tension with castmate Alissa Humber. After their yelling became loud enough for guests to hear during one argument, it was decided that something needed to change. ‘To me, I’m tired of hearing about Camille,’ Captain Sandy told Fraser. ‘She’s the common denominator in all of this. ‘Great girl, great personality, but at the same time, we have to do what’s best for the boat.’ Speaking about her exit in a new chat with Entertainment Tonight, Fraser teased that it was actually the start of all the drama. ‘I always remember this season back as Camille not even being the drama,’ he said. ‘There’s a lot to come. I’m a bit worried about it, but there’s a hell of a lot of coming our way, and if people thought Camille was a big deal, then they’ve got a whole a lot of surprises.’ Below Deck season 10 airs on Mondays on Bravo in the US, with new episodes available to stream on hayu in the UK on the same day. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island stars Haris Namani and Anna-May Robey dumped from villa following surprise twist MORE : Tom Parker’s wife Kelsey reveals The Wanted star ate ‘exact same’ lunch every day – and it was a classic  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 