Cardi B has reflected on the moment she learned of Takeoff’s death, revealing husband Offset’s emotional reaction to the news. The musician, real name Kirshnick Khari Ball, was shot and killed in November, at the age of 28, following an incident at a party in Houston. Tributes quickly poured in for the Migos rapper on social media, with police officers launching an investigation into his death. Speaking publicly about their heartache during a new interview, the Bodak Yellow star explained that it was a ‘sensitive time’ in their home. Appearing on Jason Lee’s new podcast, she revealed that they were enjoying a night in when they heard the news. ‘We were in bed,’ she told the host. ‘We were supposed to go to LaLa [Anthony]’s party in New York, and my daughter threw up all over my costume. ‘Halloween was over because it was just so much throw-up on the costume and I didn’t have nothing to wear. ‘So we just fell asleep and out of nowhere, Offset’s phone kept ringing, my phone kept ringing. Offset picked up the phone and he was just like, “No!” ‘He’s screaming and screaming. He’s screaming like, “No! No! No! No!” “I’m like, “What’s going on?” And he’s like, “TakeOff is dead.” I smacked him and said, “Don’t say that!” And he’s just screaming and throwing things, throwing up, running all over. And I was so scared, I was crying so much. It was terrible.’ The mom-of-two added: ‘It was just such a sensitive time in my home. ‘I just feel like everything was so triggering, any little bad thing, any little diss, any little whatever the crap to me was just so triggering. It was a lot.’ Cardi previously revealed that she felt ‘so hopeless’ trying to comfort her partner, who was in a ‘dark place’ after their loss. ‘No lie, I have been feeling so hopeless trying to make my husband happy, trying to make him to crack a smile,’ she said in a now-deleted audio clip that was obtained by Neighborhood Talk. ‘F**king seeing him randomly cry, seeing him trying to distract his mind, completely f**king schedule been changing, trying to keep up with work after everything that he’s been going through these past couple of weeks.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez reveals bombshell she was meant to be part of Madonna and Britney Spears’ iconic VMAs kiss MORE : BBC hits back at viewers angry over The Papers being axed after decision was labelled ‘tragic and stupid’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 