The UK will send Challenger 2 tanks to Ukraine to aid in the war against Russia. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak confirmed the commitment during a call with President Volodymyr Zelensky. He vowed to ‘seize the moment’ and help ‘push Russian troops back’. Ukraine’s military currently operates older Soviet-era tanks, such as the T-72 model. Russia’s military has also largely been relying on tanks manufactured during the Cold War. A No 10 spokesperson said: ‘The leaders reflected on the current state of Russia’s war in Ukraine, with successive Ukrainian victories pushing Russian troops back and compounding their military and morale issues. ‘They agreed on the need to seize on this moment with an acceleration of global military and diplomatic support to Ukraine. ‘The Prime Minister outlined the UK’s ambition to intensify our support to Ukraine, including through the provision of Challenger 2 tanks and additional artillery systems.’ Poland has also offered to provide a company of Leopard tanks to Ukraine. No 10 added: ‘The Prime Minister stressed that he and the whole UK Government would be working intensively with international partners to deliver rapidly the kind of support which will allow Ukraine to press their advantage, win this war and secure a lasting peace.’ President Zelensky thanked the UK for making decisions ‘that will not only strengthen us on the battlefield, but also send the right signal to other partners’. He tweeted: ‘Always strong support of the UK is now impenetrable and ready for challenges. ‘In a conversation with the Prime Minister, I thanked for the decisions that will not only strengthen us on the battlefield, but also send the right signal to other partners.’ The shadow defence secretary said Labour backed the Prime Minister’s decision to provide Ukraine with tanks to help in its fight against Russia. John Healey said: ‘Modern tanks are crucial to Ukraine’s efforts to win its battle against Russian aggression. ‘The Government has Labour’s fullest backing for military assistance to Ukraine. ‘But ministers must move beyond ad hoc announcements and set out a plan for military, economic and diplomatic support through 2023 and beyond. ‘As the first anniversary of Russia’s invasion approaches, this will help reassure Ukrainians that Britain will stand with them for as long as it takes and signal to Putin that things will get worse not better for Russia.’ Russia’s military has also largely been relying on tanks manufactured during the Cold War. Mr Sunak previously described the tanks as having ‘game-changing capability.’ His official spokesman had said: ‘It’s clear that battle tanks could provide a game-changing capability to the Ukrainians. ‘The prime minister told President [Volodymyr] Zelenskyy last week the U.K. will provide whatever we can. ‘The prime minister has asked the defence secretary to work with partners in the coming weeks to discuss how we can go even further and faster on our support to Ukraine including the provision of tanks.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.