This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. We all know about dry shampoo, but have you tried dry conditioner? Dry conditioner isn’t new to the market, but unlike dry shampoo, it’s an area that premium beauty brands have championed (like Kevin Murphy). More affordable brands have been slower on the uptake, and we’re shocked it’s taken this long for Batiste, one of the leading dry shampoo brands, to create one. But, it’s finally here. Instead of being a mist, it comes in the form of a foam, and promises to add shine, detangle and soften hair. We tried it out on day-old hair and this is how it went. Foams make us think of hard, crusty hair – so our expectations were low. This foam however, dries quickly onto dry hair, disappearing without leaving any residue or white marks. There’s no crusty feeling at all. The result was as promised: sleeker, shiny hair. My hair looks lightly more uniform after applying, and didn’t feel weighed down. I have thick hair, so those with fine strands might want to apply less liberally to avoid heaviness. The first time I used it, I applied too much – it was easy to tell because the foam struggled to dry down and my hair was left slightly damp looking. On a second go with a more conservative amount of product, my hair lapped it up no problem, with it fully drying down in a minute or so. Compared to some of the conditioning mists on the market, this offers more thorough hydration as the foam formula makes it easier to coat hairs. For days when you’re in a hurry, this does the trick quickly and buys you a little more time between washes. The Tropical scented version was fun too, as it helped mask any odour and was mood-boosting without being overpowering. For as little as £4.59, it’s a handy product have around and delivers exactly as you’d hope. The best thing for me as someone with dark hair is that there’s no fear of leaving dusty white marks in your hair. Apply and a few minutes later, you’re good to go. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : We tried the Shark FlexStyle hair tool – how does it match up to Dyson’s AirWrap? MORE : Why your hair might change during pregnancy, just like Molly-Mae’s