Dating Sunday is nearly upon us. Are you ready to get back out there? After the Christmas quiet comes Dating Sunday – the busiest day of the year on the apps. Typically, it falls on the first Sunday of the New Year, but since that was New Year’s Day 2023, and hangovers were likely rife, we’re expecting to get it a week later on 8 January. It makes a lot of sense given the pervasive ‘new year, new me’ energy that goes around this time of year. Dating app Inner Circle predicts matches and conversations will increase by 30% on Sunday, and the number of new members is set to rise by 40%. Thanks to the increase in activity that day, experts at the app are also expecting users’ chances of getting a date to be 30% higher. Masha Kodden, CEO of Inner Circle, calls it ‘the Super Bowl of the dating world’, adding: ‘2022 has been a tough year for singles. With rising inflation and higher costs, we’ve seen toxic trends like winter coating emerge, where singles go back to a familiar ex for cuffing season rather than dating new people, and ditch them when the weather turns. ‘But with so many rushing to the apps on Dating Sunday, it’s the best time for daters to break this cycle, put their best foot forward and meet someone new.’ If you want to get your profile ready for the big day, here are some top tips from the app’s in-house dating expert, Crystal Cansdale… Crystal said it’s important to make sure you take what you say on your profile seriously. ‘While we always preach quality over quantity when it comes to conversations your dating app profile requires both,’ she explains. ‘Make sure your profile is completely filled out with great photos and well-considered prompts – a proven way to get 20% more engagement. It’s simple: it gives others more to work with. ‘Try adding your favourite restaurant, an activity you’ve always wanted to do or a bucket list holiday destination, as much as possible to spark the chat.’ It’s a simple principle, but it bears repeating – the more you try, the more you’re likely to get out of it. That doesn’t mean you have to let the apps consume you, but if something is worth having, it’s worth the effort. ‘The data shows that the more active you are, the more engagement you’ll get and the more times you’ll appear to other daters,’ said Crystal. ‘Make sure to send out a few likes every day and put yourself out there to those you have things in common with.’ There’s a difference between putting your best foot forward and trying to be someone you’re not. ‘Over half of singles (53%) say an authentic, filter-free photo is top of their list in terms of what they want to see from others,’ said Crystal. ‘So, make sure you’re putting your authentic self forward in your photos and add some natural shots showing your personality and what you’re like day to day.’ Getting out there, experimenting and having fun is great, but it’s still a good idea to have an idea of what you’re looking for – whether it’s something serious or something low-key. ‘Setting out your dating intentions is important,’ said Crystal. ‘Want to meet someone who wants to explore the new city you’re in for a few days? Trying to get back into dating after some time off? Looking for something a bit more long-term? ‘It’s all fine, as long as you’re upfront. Be clear about what you’re looking for in your bio and when you get chatting – it’ll help you attract the right people and the best matches for you.’ When Dating Sunday rolls around, the best time of day to start swiping is the evening. ‘It turns out 7pm to 10pm is the best slot to swipe,’ said Crystal. ‘Get online in the evening if you want to strike while others are scrolling too.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : I didn’t realise I was dating one of the worst men on the planet – until he ghosted me MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Capricorn MORE : How to tell if they actually mean it when they say ‘let’s do this again’ – and other common dating lies