Wait, have Guns N’ Roses confirmed that they’re playing Glastonbury 2023? It appears bassist Duff McKagan made a bit of a slip up, seemingly announcing their slot at the Somerset-based festival before their name was officially, well, announced. Glastonbury 2023 is due to begin on Wednesday, June 21 and will conclude in spectacular fashion, no doubt, on Sunday, June 25. While most music acts are yet to be confirmed, that doesn’t mean there hasn’t been rumours, with names like Taylor Swift, Harry Styles, Arctic Monkeys, Eminem, Beyoncé and more all potential headliners. But we should add Guns N’ Roses to the mix as well, if we’re to believe Duff. The current line-up for the American hard rock band consists of vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, guitarist Richard Fortus, drummer Frank Ferrer and keyboardists Dizzy Reed and Melissa Reese, as well as Duff. Speaking on his radio show on Sirius XM, the music star, 58, appeared to reveal that he and his fellow rockers will be taking to the stage, which can be heard in audio shared onto Reddit and as quoted by UK media. ‘Maybe some of those Iggy shows we’re going to do,’ he began. When it was declared that the band’s BST Hyde Park set would be iconic, he added: ‘And Glastonbury’s going to be iconic for us. ‘We’re going to be announcing some shows soon, guys.’ So far, only Sir Elton John has been announced as a Glasto headliner. The Your Song hitmaker will play the famous Pyramid Stage on the last night of the festival, closing out in style. Announcing the exciting news on Twitter before Christmas, Glastonbury’s official Twitter account wrote: ‘We are incredibly excited to announce that the one and only @EltonOfficial will headline the Pyramid Stage on Sunday night at Glastonbury 2023, for what will be the final UK show of his last ever tour.’ Sir Elton himself said there was ‘no more fitting way’ to say goodbye to his UK fans. He said: ‘As the end of my Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour comes into view, there is no more fitting way to say goodbye to my British fans. ‘They have been beyond brilliant, and have supported me through all the highs and lows of my career. ‘Every week I speak to new artists on my radio show and Glastonbury is often cited as a pivotal moment in launching their careers – the festival’s genuine, enthusiastic support for the best emerging talent is something I’ve long admired.’ He added he had been in talks with Glastonbury co-owner Emily Eavis for ‘weeks’ and is ready to ’embrace the spirit of the greatest festival in the world.’ Reps for Guns N’ Roses and Glastonbury have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Acts confirmed for festival season 2023: From Sir Elton John at Glastonbury to Bruce Springsteen at BST Hyde Park MORE : Gaz Coombes claims Billie Eilish is a big Supergrass fan through iconic Glastonbury story  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 