Joey Essex didn’t do much to silence the dating rumours between him and Vanessa Bauer after appearing to confirm they are secretly together. The Towie star, 32, and his professional skating partner, 26, hit the ice to skate to The One That I Want from Grease, with the pair dressed as Danny Zuko and Sandy Olsson, earning them a score of 29. As they shimmied and cruised along the ice, Joey and Vanessa’s electrifying chemistry certainly didn’t go unnoticed by presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield, who took charge of interrogating the pair about the mounting speculation that they’re dating. After being asked about the nature of their relationship by Holly, Joey replied coyly: Danny and Sandy are getting on pretty well.’ ‘Is it going steady?’ the This Morning presenter than pressed, to which Joey replied: ‘I’m not confirming anything.’ Judge Christopher Dean told the pair: ‘Guys, whatever’s going on it’s working,’ while Ashley Banjo told Joey: ‘You’re one to watch.’ Joey did all the talking when it came to addressing the dating rumours but Vanessa didn’t drop her two pence in, instead laughing as they were quizzed about the speculation. It comes after Joey recently teased the rumours, saying: ‘There’s a bit of flirting going on. Vanessa’s single, I’m single…’ Joining Good Morning Britain on Tuesday to address the gossip surrounding himself and Vanessa, Joey appeared to confirm reports by stating both parties are ‘taking it slow’. He explained: ‘The truth is, I’m single, Vanessa’s single, we go to the ice rink every day. It’s cold, you’ve got to keep each other warm, so that’s it really.’ Dancing On Ice airs Sundays on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michelle Heaton eliminated on Dancing On Ice leaving viewers devastated over ‘ridiculous’ vote: ‘She was robbed’ MORE : Ekin-Su Culculoglu impresses Dancing On Ice judges despite ‘wobbles’ during skate after Ofcom backlash 