Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has reaffirmed the UK’s support for Ukraine with a new year’s phone call to President Volodymyr Zelensky. The two leaders spoke after a Ukrainian rocket attack killed dozens of Russian soldiers in a town in the Donetsk region. Russia has terrorised Ukrainians with a fresh round of drone strikes as it seeks to destroy the country’s infrastructure and brutalise the population into submission. During their phone call, Mr Sunak told the Ukrainian president his country could ‘count on the UK to continue to support it for the long term’, and pledged more military aid in 2023. A Downing Street spokesperson said: ‘The leaders discussed the abhorrent drone attacks on Ukraine in recent day, and the Prime Minister said the thoughts of the UK were with the Ukrainian people as they continued to live under such bombardment. ‘The Prime Minister said Ukraine could count on the UK to continue to support it for the long term, as demonstrated by the recent delivery of more than 1,000 anti-air missiles. ‘Work was also under way to provide further equipment in the coming weeks and months to secure Ukraine’s victory on the battlefield,’ the PM added. Mr Sunak stressed the UK and Joint Expeditionary Force partners were ‘working closely to provide the vital equipment requested’ by Kyiv. The two leaders agreed to stay in touch and are due to speak again in coming weeks. In a tweet, Mr Zelensky spoke of hopes to ‘bring victory closer’ in 2023, with the support of the UK. He tweeted that together with Mr Sunak, ‘we discussed further defence cooperation’. ‘We agreed to intensify our efforts to bring victory closer this year already. We already have concrete decisions for this.’ The Ukrainian leader appears to be starting the new year with a round of phone calls to European leaders and allies, including European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. He also spoke with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte on Tuesday. According to Mr Zelensky, Russia is preparing to step up its attacks on Ukraine using exploding drones, as Moscow looks for ways to hit back after a Ukrainian rocket attack killed dozens of enemy soldiers in a town in the Donetsk region. ‘We have information that Russia is planning a prolonged attack by Shaheds (Iranian-made exploding drones),’ Mr Zelensky said in his nightly video address on Monday. He said the goal is to break Ukraine’s resistance by ‘exhausting our people, (our) air defence, our energy’, more than 10 months after the invasion. On New Year’s Day Russia suffered one of the biggest losses in the war to date when scores of Russian troops were killed in a missile attack on an ammunition dump in the town of Makiivka in Donetsk. In Sunday’s attack, Ukrainian forces fired six rockets from a HIMARS launch system and two were shot down, a Russian Defence Ministry statement said. However, the Strategic Communications Directorate of Ukraine’s Armed Forces claimed that around 400 mobilised Russian soldiers were killed in a vocational school building in Makiivka and about 300 more were wounded. The Kremlin downplayed the scale of the attack and said 63 soldiers had been killed in the blast, although neither side’s claims have been independently verified. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.