Annie Wersching has died at the age of 45, it has been confirmed. The actress, best known for her array of appearances in TV programmes such as 24, The Vampire Diaries and Frasier, had battled cancer before her death. Sharing the news, her husband Stephen Full paid tribute in a statement, which said: ‘There is a cavernous hole in the soul of this family today. But she left us the tools to fill it. ‘She found wonder in the simplest moment. She didn’t require music to dance. She taught us not to wait for adventure to find you. “Go find it. It’s everywhere”. And find it we shall.’ Full continued according to Deadline: ‘As I drove our boys, the true loves of her life, down the winding driveway and street, she would yell BYE! until we were out of earshot and into the world. I can still hear it ringing. Bye my Buddie. “I love you little family…”‘ Wersching was diagnosed with cancer in 2020 but continued to work. Jon Cassar, director and producer of 24, also paid tribute and wrote in a statement: ‘My heart is broken in more pieces than I can count. Annie came into my world with an open heart and a contagious smile. Brandishing such talent, she took my breath away. ‘Annie became more than a workmate, she became a real friend to me, my family and every cast and crew member that worked with her. She’ll be truly missed by them and the fans she always found time to interact with.’ He concluded: ‘Annie you’ll be missed, you left your mark, and we’re all the better for it.’ Wersching was perhaps best known for starring in hit TV drama 24, in which she played Renee Walker for 35 episodes. However, she boasted several other credits including The Vampire Diaries, Frasier, Bosch, Timeless, Runaways, Dallas, General Hospital and Extant. The actress also had roles in Charmed, Angel, Supernatural, CSI, NCIS and Hawaii Five-0. Fans of the popular video game The Last Of Us will recognise her voice as the character Tess. The game has since been turned into a Sky Atlantic series debuting earlier this month. She has also starred in Star Trek: Enterprise and, more recently, Star Trek: Picard. Wersching is survived by husband Full and children Freddie, 12, and Ozzie and Archie, four. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.