Judge Judy branded Prince Harry ‘selfish’ following his bombshell revelations about his experience within the Royal Family. The Duke Of Sussex has conducted multiple interviews while promoting his latest memoir Spare, and shocking claims have come to light including an alleged physical altercation between Prince Harry and Prince William. During Tuesday’s Good Morning Britain, US correspondent Noel Phillips spoke to the TV personality – real name Judith Sheindlin – about the 38-year-old’s recent statements. Choosing not to mince her words, the 80-year-old said: ‘I will tell you that I would be furious, and I would think that child or that grandchild was a selfish, spoiled, ungrateful one. ‘That’s what I would feel. I’d be really hurt, I think anybody with a brain would see that it’s disingenuous, it’s biting the hand that fed you, it’s unseemly.’ The camera later turned to a shocked Richard Madeley saying: ‘Judge Judy doesn’t hold back on her verdict does she… blimey!’ Co-host Susanna Reid added: ‘She said she wouldn’t specifically talk about what she thought about… blimey. I think we were left in no doubt.’ In his recent sit-down with ITV journalist Tom Bradby, the Prince defended his decision to bring his family’s affairs into the public domain and launched accusation after accusation at members of the famous royal dynasty. Tackling topics such as the British press, the ‘Meghan vs Kate’ matter, and concerns over race, little was left untouched by the anchor as he joined the former monarch in California. Fellow celebrities have voiced their opinions on Prince Harry’s UK and US interviews, with Location Location Location presenter Kirstie Allsopp writing: ‘So far there has been no concessions from Prince Harry that any of this is fault. He & his wife have seemingly done nothing wrong and everything is everyone else’s fault. That’s not how life works. [sic]’ She went on to virtually yell: ‘What work?! Your book, this interview, it isn’t about service or charity this is about you, you, you.’ Echoing her anger at the piece of television, broadcaster Julia Hartley-Brewer wrote: It’s really obvious that Prince Harry is not used to people disagreeing with him or even gently questioning him. ‘He’s a damaged and angry young man, yes, but he also oozes the arrogance and entitlement of his wealth and royal status.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan unleashes fury at Prince Harry’s public ‘self-destruction’ in explosive return to TalkTV MORE : Prince Harry slammed as ‘absolutely gross’ by Caroline Flack’s former agent for speaking about her in new book Spare 