Britney Spears’ sister Jamie Lynn struggled to contain her emotions as she decided to leave Special Forces: World’s Toughest Test. The 31-year-old, who has daughters Maddie, 14, and Ivey, four, was among the 16 stars, including Spice Girl Mel B, put through their paces in a series of grueling military challenges. Former Marine Rudy Reyes hosts the survival series, which airs on Fox in the US, alongside elite ex-Special Forces agents Mark ‘Billy’ Billingham, Jason ‘Foxy’ Fox and Remi Adeleke. On Wednesday’s instalment, having competed in terrifying challenges including jumping out of a helicopter in the sea, the former Zoey 101 actor had enough, wanting to return home to her family. Jamie Lynn burst into tears before she handed back her armband, revealing how she felt like a ‘crap mom’ for leaving her two children to appear on Special Forces: World’s Toughest Challenge. Mel B, 47, who bonded with the child star on the programme, tried to talk her out of her decision but Jamie Lynn was having none of it, telling her: ‘Like, I just can’t do it one more night. I can’t do it.’ ‘You sure?’ the pop icon said, to which Jamie Lynn replied: ‘Yes.’ Speaking in a confessional, Jamie Lynn explained as she cried: ‘I miss my children when I’m away from them for a couple of hours. ‘Not only do I love them and want to be with them, but being away from them like this, even if it’s something for myself, makes me feel like a cr*p mom. They didn’t ask for their mom to be gone.’ Jamie Lynn then cried again as she spoke to Remi, who asked for her armband, with the All That star saying: ‘Thank you so much’ before she left the show. The Talk host wasn’t the only celeb to call time on Special Forces, with Nastia Liukin deciding to step away from the competition show after some co-stars questioned if she received special treatment during a task where they had to hold their breath underwater for 20 seconds. At first the Olympic athlete didn’t want to do the challenge, claiming she couldn’t breathe properly after smashing her facing during a gymnastic routine 10 years earlier. But she ended up with Remi sitting next to her as the jeep was submerged in the water, passing the test, but got fed up with her fellow stars picking on her so she quit. Mel B was the third celeb to depart the series, telling Foxy that, despite also passing the test with flying colours, a past abusive relationship still makes her sometimes doubt herself to this day. She said: ‘This for me is just about taking back my own power, my own control. That’s why I’m not going to beat myself up if I don’t stay any longer than this. I came out of a really abusive relationship, 10 years I was in that and I’ve been out of it for seven years. ‘I dealt with it in bits and pieces, but then the reminder of the self-worthlessness and being called so many names day after day for 10 years, it comes back when I get told, for example, that you’ve done really well because when that happened.’ Jamie Lynn previously opened up about how she suffered from low self-esteem after growing up in the Toxic singer’s limelight. She explained: ‘‘Growing up, my sister became famous, worldwide famous, when I was very young… I’m so proud of her, love her to death, but I don’t know. Sometimes I feel like I don’t really have anything for myself.’ However, the Oops I Did It Again hitmaker raged against her lil sis on Instagram, saying as she was not allowed to join her friends at the spa during her time at the Las Vegas residency, and asked: ‘Are we gonna say it was hard being my sister ???? Hmmmmmmmmmmm…. really ???’ Special Forces: World’s Toughest Test will return next Wednesday on Fox. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears shares throwback from the day she ‘married herself’ because she was ‘bored’ MORE : Paris Hilton seemingly shuts down ‘ridiculous conspiracy theories’ about photoshopping Britney Spears into picture  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 