Rita Ora has responded to the ‘absurd’ idea of a ‘throuple’ with her man Taika Waititi and their friend Tessa Thompson. Back in May last year – earlier in the now-married couple’s romance – the Let You Love Me hitmaker was snapped looking looking very cosy with her partner and their pal, and now she’s addressed speculation about the nature of their friendships. Speaking to GQ Hype, she said: ‘I just chose to not acknowledge that because it’s ridiculous. I think when some things are so absurd, and it’s hard to fathom any sense of it, you just have to ignore it. ‘I’ve taken that approach for a lot of things, because you don’t want to put energy towards something that’s nonexistent. It’s like trying to explain something that didn’t happen means you’re feeding into nothing.’ Reflecting on the photos of her and Tessa snuggled up to Taika as they shared a kiss, she described the whole situation as ‘a bunch of friends having a good time’. She explained: ‘Have you ever been in a situation where you’ve had a lot of drinks and everyone’s your best friend? And then the next day you’re like, “I was talking to this person in the smoking area for four hours and I’ve got no idea who they are?” ‘Literally – that [photo] was just a bunch of friends having a good time. They [Taika and Tessa] had a crazy schedule and everyone was letting loose. I love that. Each to their own.’ She pointed to one positive, which was the way her LGBTQIA+ fanbase felt seen by the photos, regardless of whether or not that interpretation was accurate. ‘The good news though, is that when I was on Twitter talking to my fans, all of my incredible LGBTQIA+ fanbases were like, actually – whether this is true or not – I’m so inspired that this is being normalised publicly. That made me really happy. You don’t know who it’s touching,’ she said. Rita also reflected on her romance with Taika, and the moment she realised he was The One for her. She added: ‘When I didn’t feel a change, like my life just became better. We were really good friends for six years, and I went to Australia and we both had separate jobs, and we didn’t really know that many people out there. It was nice to see a familiar face and our universes just collided. That was it.’ Read the full feature online at GQ Hype now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rita Ora and Taika Waititi look so good it hurts at Unicef Winter Gala in St Barts MORE : Rita Ora spills details on first date with Taika Waititi: ‘That’s when everything clicked’