A man in his 50s had a sexual relationship with his daughter, who had grown up believing he had died in violent circumstances, it was reported. Swansea Crown Court heard the victim had grown up believing her biological dad was no longer alive. Eventually learning the truth in her teenage years, she found him on social media. The pair later met, and they subsequently began a consensual sexual relationship when the woman was an adult. The court was told intercourse usually happened under the influence of alcohol. Tom Scapens, prosecuting, said police became involved after the woman made disclosures about what was happening to a person in a pub. The defendant was arrested, questioned, and released on bail on condition that he never contacts his daughter. But the two later reconnected, and the woman later began staying over in his flat in Carmarthenshire, and the sexual relationship resumed. Mr Scapens said though she had initially supported the prosecution against her parent, she had subsequently written a withdrawn statement. She said she loved her dad and wanted a ‘normal’ relationship with him. She also blamed the ‘genetic attraction’ between them for what happened. The defendant had previously pleaded guilty to having sex with an adult relative when he appeared in the dock via video link for sentencing. Jon Tarrant said client’s remorse was palpable and he ‘very much understands what has gone wrong here’. Judge Paul Thomas KC said the prosecution accepted the sexual activity between the two had been consensual. But he stressed that the defendant had done something that was ‘illegal, wholly immoral, and exploitative’. ‘You were the dominant figure – you should have stopped this happening,’ the judge said, adding that the man was aware of his daughter’s ‘vulnerabilities’. Mr Thomas sentenced the defendant to a three-year community order. He will also have to complete the Maps for Change sex offenders course and a rehabilitation programme. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.