Life will flow more smoothly and surely after Mars soon turns direct from its retrograde position. For Aries, this means any stalled projects may gain momentum and Libra could have more confidence in trusting their instincts. Meanwhile, Sagittarius may need to exercise some patience over the coming days and Aquarius is advised to wait before making a commitment. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 9, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 You’ll find it easier to get along with others, especially one person who you might have had a difference with. The coming days could be a turning point, as Mars prepares to turn direct in a few days. With Venus helping things along, you’ll feel moved to reach out and start a conversation. And if a collaboration or team effort has stalled, it can soon pick up again, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Ready to roll? A positive Venus/Mars tie can see a discussion going well if it’s linked with work or a professional matter, and this could lead to a pleasing outcome. Even so, with the Sun making a nebulous link, you may need to spend time sorting out a matter that has nothing to do with you. Don’t be dragged in too deep, as you have more important things to attend to. Be strong, Taurus! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Have feelings for someone? The realisation of how they have grown could affect you over coming days. And yet you might prefer to keep things under wraps for now, especially if you’re worried they won’t reciprocate. Trust your intuition in this regard, as it can guide you to do the right thing. Ready to explore an opportunity? Don’t let those old fears hold you back, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Have you made the right decision regards a situation you’ve been trying to resolve? The positive link between Venus and Mars retro suggests that you’re on the right track, even if you don’t think so. In a week or so you’ll see proof of this. For now, you just need to trust your instincts and know that step by step you’re accomplishing exactly what you hoped for. You’ll be fine, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If you’ve had second thoughts about a group or club you’re a member of, you’ll soon be ready to make a decision. The question is, do the good points outweigh the bad? If you’ve been more aware of all the negatives over recent weeks, this can shift. If you’re keen to connect with kindred spirits, there may be other ways to make such friendships that are just as rewarding. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 It seems you’re ready to go after whatever you want, but in a way that isn’t too pushy. A spirit of co-operation can assist you in getting along with others, even those you don’t know very well. Concerning you goals and ambitions, it might have seemed that everything was working against you over past weeks. It may be all a matter of timing, as soon everything will slot into place. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Have you and another been flirting for a while? If you’ve hesitated to make a move, this was likely down to feisty Mars in its retro phase causing doubts. Soon you’ll feel more confident about trusting your instincts, and can take it from there. In fact, any relationship issue or creative matter that needs a decision could benefit soon. You’ll be ready to forge ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Feeling powerless in your current situation? You may be tempted to do nothing. And yet you might have much more leeway here than you think, and this is important for you to know. Today’s Venus/Mars angle highlights the need to talk to someone who will give you advice. As Mars prepares to turn direct, putting it into action could see you making steady progress, and fast! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Collaboration and communication are enhanced, making this a great time for teamwork, one-to-one encounters and for a romantic date night too. The lively Venus/Mars alignment can be excellent for liaising with others. The only issue is that with Mars slowing prior to turning direct in a few days, you may encounter some uncertainty. A little patience will work wonders, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You know what you need to do, but doing it seems to be another matter. If you’ve been bitten by the procrastination bug recently, then it’s likely due to Mars’s retro phase. With the red planet about to forge ahead in a few days and with Venus in the mix, your desire for something could begin to outweigh any doubts or complacency. Wanting it can be the catalyst to getting it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Although a relationship may be following a pleasant path, it might be just as well to wait a few days before making a commitment. With Mars retro on the verge of changing direction, your feelings could fluctuate, so this isn’t the best time to take the plunge. However, things will soon be different. You’ll know how you really feel in a week or so. No need to rush this, Aquarius! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may be happy about something, but not ready to let everyone know. For now, it’s a secret that you’ll prefer to keep to yourself, perhaps because nothing is confirmed. As Mars turns direct in a few days, things can start to shape up over coming weeks, and you’ll know when it’s time to speak out. Plus, your social life continues to blossom, with a key reunion on the cards, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2022 MORE : All the key astrological dates in January – and what they mean for you