Love Island star Ron Hall has just become the first contestant to have his head turned by a bombshell – and he’s completely smitten. The financial advisor has been coupled up with Lana Jenkins since day one but was selected to go on a date with Jane-of-all-trades Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown in Wednesday night’s episode. Since entering the South African villa, Ron, 25, has made his feelings about Lana, also 25, pretty clear and seemed to have little interest in any other islander. Well, that all changed when he was whisked on a romantic sun-kissed date by Zara, a dancer and real estate agent (among many other things). It’s safe to say the date went pretty well as Ron and Zara bonded over their shared interests. When reporting back to the boys after the date, he wasted no time in admitting his head was definitely turning. ‘Me and Lana get on well but… that girl, Zara, i’m kinda lost for words,’ Ron told the boys, almost speechless. ‘She was ticking boxes, everything she was saying was stuff she wanted to hear.’ Listing all his favourite attributes about the bombshell, he told them: ‘She’s from London, got a lot about her, but at same time she’s a home girl, done with all the games. ‘She’s a singer, actress, dancer, she’s a model, she does it all.’ He’s not wrong, she really does do it all. ‘I’m sitting there, we’re chatting, we’re vibing, locking eyes,’ he told the boys, adding in the Beach Hut: ‘Now it’s proper on swivel.’ Zara was feeling the same vibes as Ron and told the girls – awkwardly in front of Lana: ‘Really nice [date], I cant fault him.’ Turning to Lana – who struggled to raise a smile – the bombshell acknowledged: ‘I know he’s coupled up with yourself.’ However, in the Beach Hut she stated of the fact Ron is already coupled up: ‘That’s not really an issue for me. ‘It’s Love Island, we’re gonna be dropping bombshells in here all the time.’ Ron did hail Lana as a ‘sort’, but admitted about Zara: ‘She’s got everything. The head’s swivelling.’ Love Island airs each night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 