Love Island has dropped its first real bombshells of the series and, erm, they’re blooming gorgeous. Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown, 25, and David Salako, 24, will both enter the villa on Wednesday night when the games will most certainly begin. Model and property developer Zara says she will bring ‘sass, vibes and good energy’ to the villa. She adds: ‘I’m a massive hype girl, I’m very complimentary so I hope to keep the vibes up in the villa. ‘I’ll also bring spice, I’m a bit different and I don’t think there’s anyone in there that’s like me so I reckon I’ll keep things interesting.’ Zara says she is single because she has ‘very high standards’, but blames the industry she works in for that. But she also says: ‘My parents have a great relationship, I’ve got an amazing mother and father and I know what works in a relationship.’ She say she gets the ick from ‘players and if someone’s boring and doesn’t have any aspirations or ambition. Also guys that aren’t into their fitness and health.’ We’re sure she’ll be fine, then. Meanwhile, Essex boy David says he’s excited to enter the villa as he’ll be ‘potentially meeting someone I’ve never met that I could bond with’. The money advisor promises to bring ‘good vibes and energy’ the show, adding: ‘I’m very personable. I’m actually excited to meet new people, aside from a partner, friends as well.’ Like Zara, David admits he is ‘very picky’ when it comes to potential partners, saying: ‘The person you’re going to meet is nevergoing to be perfect, but I’ve got my standards, yeah.’ Admitting he can sing but doesn’t because he hasn’t ‘got the confidence to do it,’ he says girls singing can be a turn off. ‘When girls sing-along all messy to songs like ‘Wonderwall’ in the bar,’ he said when asked what gives him the ick. Love Island continues nightly at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 