Gwyneth Paltrow’s lookalike daughter Apple Martin stepped out in Paris on Tuesday for Chanel’s haute couture show. Apple, 18, sat front row at the star-studded bash and teamed one of the coveted fashion house’s checked dresses with a matching blazer. Sitting next to Lucy Boynton, Apple posed for photographers before the show kicked into full swing, showcasing her dramatic winged eyeliner. Mum would be proud! Apple teamed her look with chunky black loafers à la Hailey Baldwin and wore her glossy blonde hair loose. Lucy, meanwhile, opted for an all-cream ensemble and beamed before heading inside for the show. Gwyneth and her ex-Chris Martin welcomed Apple in May 2004 and two years later her brother Moses was born. In August, it was revealed that a party thrown by the A-listers’ oldest child became so raucous that it was investigated by police. It was claimed that Apple invited a large group of people to her mother’s estate in Amagansett, New York on Saturday August 13, prompting neighbours to complain about the levels of noise. A source said that ‘things got out of hand’ when Apple ‘invited too many friends to her mum’s house’. They told PageSix that ‘they were partying like rock stars’, and ‘making so much noise that multiple neighbours were furious’. ‘Staff from the town clerk’s office also attended to see if the party was a code violation. You can’t have more than 50 people at a gathering in the area without a permit,’ they said. It’s believed that Iron Man star Gwyneth and her husband Brad Falchuk, weren’t at the estate at the time. A spokesperson for the East Hampton Town Ordinance Enforcement Department, which issues permits for events in the area, confirmed they went to Gwyneth’s house ‘following complaints about noise’. ‘When we got there, we found there to be less than 50 people there, so they were within code,’ they told the publication. Meanwhile, in May, Gwyneth marked Apple’s 18th birthday with a rare photo of the teenager and a heartfelt post, writing on Instagram: ’18. I’m a bit of a loss for words this morning. ‘I could not be more proud of the woman you are. You are everything I could have dreamed of and so much more. Proud doesn’t cover it, my heart swells with feelings I can’t put in to words.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Penny Lancaster ‘deflated’ after Government rejects menopause leave trial amid ‘life-changing’ HRT journey MORE : This Morning’s Dr Scott reports live from Ukraine as he helps ‘to give animals a voice’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 