Looking for a little solitude following a busy festive period? You can rent an entire private island in the Bahamas – if you have a considerable amount of money tucked away for a rainy day, that is. Musha Cay, located in the 120-mile-long Exuma Chain in the southern Bahamas, is a tropical oasis of palm trees and white beaches surrounded by crystal-clear waters. As if more than one private villa on an unspoiled tropical paradise was needed, there are five to choose from on Musha Cay – which forms just part of the 11 islands of Copperfield Bay’s 700 acres and 40 beaches. There’s the 10,000 square-foot mansion on a hill perched above the sea, a five-bedroom home across the way, a charming guest villa, the beach house and the pier house. With 12 bedrooms and 13 bathrooms all in all, this is made for a family or friends affair – but even if you take guests, you can escape back to your own private villa. There’s a gym, too, for the fitness fanatics. Each home is decorated to bring the tropical island indoors with leafy plants, statues and masks, crown mouldings and high ceilings. Whether guests fancy a dip into the steel baths overlooking the beachfront, lounging in the billard room, snoozing on the day bed or playing a bit of tennies on a private court surrounded by stunning rainforest, there’s endless ways to fill the days. When evening rolls in, there’s ‘The Landing’ – Musha Cay’s main activity centre with a central dining room, bar, lounge, and most importantly, a viewing dock for spectacular sunsets. There are 30 staff members, daily housekeeping, cook service, butlers, gardeners and a boatman to help with guests’ every need. But retreating to your own private paradise doesn’t come cheap – of course. The island, listed on Airbnb Luxe, costs £49,700 a night for a typical stay – depending on the season. A seven-night stay, with hospitality fees and taxes on top, will set you back £443,195. There’s even a private airstrip on the island, with the beautiful island of Nassau just one hour away. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Globe-trotting couple say 800 Wetherspoon visits are just as exciting as travelling world MORE : Couple quit jobs to travel the world in a campercar – now they’re raising funds to bring a rescue dog home MORE : From Jordan to Albania: The top travel destinations and trends for 2023