A teenager suspected of a fatal shooting at the Mall of America was arrested over 1,000 miles away on Tuesday in Georgia. Just two days before Christmas, a fight broke out between a group of people in the mall’s Nordstrom department store. The fight became deadly when at least two teenagers pulled out guns and began shooting. The shootout put the mall on lockdown and sent customers running for safety. Johntae Raymon Hudson, 19, was shot and killed during the altercation. Another bystander was also grazed by a bullet. One suspect, Taeshawn Adams-Wright, 18, was arrested immediately after the shooting. He charged with second-degree murder and second-degree assault. However, the second teenager who police said stood over Hudson and fired multiple rounds into his body eluded capture for weeks. On Tuesday, Levon Semaj Longstreet was found hiding out in Decatur, Georgia. Longstreet, 17, was also charged with second-degree murder and second degree assault. Police in Minnesota also arrested Longstreet’s mother, Erica McMillan, and charged her with aiding and abetting his escape. ‘On the 23rd, after they murdered Mr Hudson, she drove Mr Longstreet to Georgia,’ Bloomington Police Chief Booker Hodges said. ‘You cannot drive somebody who murdered somebody out of state, even if it’s your son.’ Meanwhile, police in Bloomington expect more arrests to come from the incident. ‘Anybody that we can determine helped any of these folks – they’re going to jail,’ Hodges said. ‘I fully expected that there will be more arrests that are going to come out of this.’ The police chief also said that some of the individuals involved in the shootout could be connected to more crimes in the area. ‘Labs came back that these casings match those that have been found in several shooting crime scenes in Minneapolis and St Paul in the last year and a half,’ Hodges said. He declined to comment any further, as the investigations are still active. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.