An eleven-year-old schoolboy has made £1,000 by selling nut-free pick-and-mix sweets. Luke Scotney, who has a severe nut allergy, has long been frustrated at the lack of sweets available for those with his condition. He decided to fill this gap in the market by launching his own bespoke brand. Luke’s company is now up and running – and he is making a remarkable £500 a month. He said: ‘I have a severe nut allergy, and it’s been impossible to find pick-n-mix sweets that are safe to eat. ‘I pitched the idea to mum and we looked and couldn’t find anyone doing something similar – so we launched the idea ourselves. ‘We’re currently on our third restock of sweets having sold out twice before. We’ve made about £1,000 – but we are on track to make more.’ Luke’s mum, Michelle, helps him to run the business from their family home in Peterborough. She said: ‘Luke’s ideas up to this point had always been great – just a bit out there. ‘But the nut-free pick-and-mix business was genius and, more importantly, very feasible. ‘He’s allergic to peanuts and tree nuts so he knows what it’s like not to be able to have pick and mix. ‘So I lent him the money and together we launched Sweets4mysweet.com. ‘The expense of using a website builder was huge, so we did some research and built our own. ‘It took about a month of trial and error – but when we found the format we wanted, we got it up and running in a day.’ Mother and son are 50-50 partners in the business, and most of their profits go directly back into the company – which aims to expand further by selling sweets free from other allergens. Luke would like to buy a warehouse space and then eventually hire staff to open his own shop. The young entrepreneur said: ‘Mum’s in charge of the finances and I’m the creative one – although I’m learning all the time. ‘75% of all profit goes back into the business, 12.5% goes in my savings and 12.5% goes to repaying my mum and dad for the loan. ‘Obviously, the money is great, but it’s just as much about providing people with sweets that they can trust and enjoy. ‘Me and Mum work great as a team and so far there’s been no hiccups – but we’re always prepared for the future. ‘It doesn’t matter I’m young now, I plan to expand this business right through to adulthood – I can’t wait.’ MORE : Lord Sugar: Maybe next year’s candidates on The Apprentice can design my coffin MORE : The Apprentice candidate Denisha Kaur Bharj announces pregnancy after shock elimination: ‘Everything happens for a reason’