A feeling of restlessness is in the air as the Moon in Scorpio clashes with rebellious zany Uranus. Taurus may think up eccentric ideas, but should be aware that others could attempt to shoot them down, and Gemini could revel in being more daring. Sagittarius may get the urge to break free from mundane tasks, while Pisces could be ready to embrace new opportunities. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 16, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 You may be in two minds as to whether to share news or information, or to keep it to yourself. As knowledge is power, the desire to keep it a secret could seem the better option. If you do speak out the news can travel fast. This is no problem if you don’t mind but, if you have a plan that needs the element of surprise to make it a success, it might be wise to stay quiet for now. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Your ideas may seem eccentric to some. But to you they can make perfect sense, so don’t let others’ doubts put you off. What you are considering could be something different and a move out of your comfort zone that might be both exciting and nerve-wracking. However, once the important people in your life see that your plan works, they’ll rally to your cause, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Need to recharge? This may be one of those days when doing something completely different on a whim, could re-energise you like nothing else. If you’ve felt bogged down by recent events or need a break from an intense situation, this might be it. And if involves moving your body, so much the better. This is one of those times when you can revel in being a bit of a daredevil. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 People may be in a demanding mood over coming days, and with the Sun linking to Pluto, you might feel annoyed about this. Can you adopt a philosophical approach, even if their attitude is irritating? If all fails, the Moon’s angle to Venus suggests a little something to boost your mood. Consider investing in a pampering spa session or makeover, as this could do it for you, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may be ready to tap into your creative side by exploring situations where you can be an influence on others. The Moon in Scorpio and its link to electric Uranus, could stir up desires and push you to explore new platforms for self-expression. With a practical focus ongoing, you’ll also be aware that becoming well known does have a price. Be sure you want to pay it, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The notion that someone may be quietly taking advantage can begin to dawn. With the Moon in Scorpio making an awkward aspect to asteroid Chiron, it could seem as though you’ve made one too many sacrifices, even though they were done with a willing heart. As it turns out, you might be the winner here. A chat may reveal this person has always had your interests in mind. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Money could run through your fingers like water, as an impulsive lunar tie hints that spending can be your chosen way to generate some excitement in your life today. And it wouldn’t be fun if you played it safe, which means you might splurge on something that’s expensive. If it’s an investment, then you’ll get a return further down the line. If not, stop before you go too far. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The conversations you hold over the days ahead, could set a friendship in motion or encourage you to collaborate on an idea. And although you may be fizzing with excitement, the Sun’s link with Pluto might work to your benefit by encouraging you to slow down and do more research. Eager to showcase your skills? Think about how you can stand out from the crowd, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A face-off between the Moon and Uranus, suggests some restlessness around mundane tasks. What you really want is more variety and stimulation, and following an intuitive nudge could be the answer. Get an urge to call a friend, try a new form of exercise or go for a walk or jog, to burn off some steam. Anything that breaks your routine can leave you refreshed and eager for more. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A social event could be quite an occasion, Capricorn. Someone you meet can make it extra special, mainly because they are so different to your usual crowd. You’ll appreciate their unique take on life and the intense but revealing way in which they talk about key issues. Want to know more about them? Don’t leave it to fate. Be sure to get their details so you can connect again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Someone’s opinion could cause a dip in confidence, if you let it, Aquarius. The key to making progress may be to ignore them and make a start anyway. Your best outcome might prove them wrong. Plus, with the Moon in Scorpio opposing Uranus your guide planet, it pays to reveal more about how you really feel, even if this proves a bit of a shock to the person involved. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Although you may be keen to collaborate with someone on a ground-breaking idea, awkward aspects suggest some caution. Make sure you’re both on the same wavelength before you get overtaken by the excitement of it all. Still, the Moon’s face-off with Uranus, suggests you’re more than ready to embrace new opportunities, even if there’s a learning curve involved. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2023