This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Make way for mushrooms, as it seems we’ll be seeing a lot more of them in the world of interiors over the coming months. So cue the fungi puns. Over recent years, mushrooms have been praised for their immune-boosting and sustainable properties – but mainly in relation to food. Now the ingredient is taking the interior world by storm – as we’re seeing mushroom motifs pop up all over the place. Following the rise of cabincore, dopamine decor and the whimsigoth asthetic in 2022, mushroom-inspired homeware – be it duvet covers, posters, cushions or plates – is now predicted to be prominent in a big way this year. And we are already seeing it take place, as the retro mushroom lamps that were popular in the 60s and 70s are now – just like Y2K fashion – having a revival with Gen Z. The 2023 fungi update sees them not only as lamps but as paperweights too, in a whole host of designs – from subtle neutrals to glistening disco-ball inspired varieties. And with them being such an interesting talking point in a room, it’s not hard to see why. While it may seem a little random, experts are saying this mushroom surge is pegged to the growing ‘weirdcore decor’ trend – AKA, people turning to maximalism as a form of self-expression. In fact, many say this will only continue to rise in the year ahead – so expect more to come. We’ve collated some of our favourite mushroom buys on the high street – whether you want to go all out, or simply dip your toe in the trend. Feast on some of our top picks below… Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Move over Hoxton: Where to buy a house in 2023… if you’re a Millennial MORE : The interior design trends you’ll be seeing more of in 2023 MORE : It’s not all doom and gloom – 2023 really could be a good year to buy a property