The first trailer for Succession season 4 has landed and the Roy children are up to their old tricks. The last season of the HBO drama, created by Jesse Armstrong, saw the Roy family implode when Shiv (Sarah Snook), Roman (Kieran Culkin) and Kendall (Jeremy Strong) teamed up. The siblings decided to double-cross their father Logan (Brian Cox) and take over the family empire without his knowledge, but, unfortunately for them, the mogul was one step ahead. Logan had been tipped off by Tom Wambsgans (Matthew Macfadyen) about their plot and instead made the savage decision to cut them out of the company entirely. Will this backstabbing family ever learn from their mistakes and, you know, try setting some healthy boundaries? According to the first trailer for season 4, the answer to that is a resounding no. The one-minute-and-a-half-long clip suggests the trio are feuding with Logan again and clearly haven’t learned their lesson. Gerri (J Smith-Cameron) asks: ‘Would you consider giving your father a call,’ as Shiv, Roman and Kendall stroll up to a private jet. Sporting shades and interrupting a phone call, Roman turns to his siblings and asks: ‘Would we consider at least a call?’ Shiv jumps in and retorts: ‘Well, is he apologising?’, as Kendall adds his voice to the mix and says: ‘I mean, did he ask?’ Roman advises Logan’s assistant and lover the trio would be open to a call from their dad, on the condition he makes the first steps, adding: ‘Then we would see.’ After being told Logan could send a text to request a call, Roman backtracks, remarking: ‘We’re going to need to hear that voice.’ The trailer then cuts to Tom and his wife Shiv, looking distressed, who seem to not be (understandably) on the best term after he betrayed her. In a later conversation with Logan, Tom ponders about their relationship, with the patriarch commenting: ‘What if you and Shiv were to bust up?’ ‘We’ll always be good right,’ Tom asks for assurance from the mogul, with a non-committal Logan replying: ‘If we’re good, we’re good.’ Shiv is then heard explaining that she and her siblings ‘wanted to do something together’, qualifying it with: ‘This is not about getting back at Dad.’ ‘But if it hurts him it doesn’t bother me,’ she remarks coldly while sitting around a boardroom table. Their mysterious plans are then branded as a ‘tightrope walking on a straight razor’ as Kendall, sporting a beanie, meets up with his brother in a dark park. Gerri then warns the Roy siblings: ‘You cannot win. Your dad will wash you away,’ although in a happier scene, Connor Roy (Alan Ruck) and Willa Ferryera (Justine Lupe) are seen tying the knot. ‘This is a chessboard and every move is crucial,’ Tom states as the trailer draws to a close, adding: ‘But harder and much more important.’ We are now officially counting down the days until season 4 launches. Who do you think will be victorious in the never-ending battle for the Roy empire? Succession returns to HBO Max in the US and NOW in the UK on March 26. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Succession’s Brian Cox believes Harry and Meghan’s racism claims should have been ‘rectified’: ‘Something clearly traumatic went on’ MORE : Succession’s Brian Cox and Professor Brian Cox finally come face to face on BBC Breakfast and it’s pretty delightful  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 