A woman has been left stunned after making an extremely rare discovery that some believe ‘could be worth a fortune’. Care assistant Erin Leonard found her multi-pack of Really Cheesy Wotsits contained bright pink packets – not once but twice. The 22-year-old, from Bristol, thought she had won some sort of mystery prize when she made the unusual discovery, which has also left Facebook and TikTok users puzzled. She said: ‘I bought the first packet at a Co-Op in Bristol after working a 12-hour shift and feeling a bit peckish. ‘I was a bit confused for a second and then I realised that it was a pink version of the usual blue pack. ‘Then my mum went to the shops to get some the next day, opened the packet and they were all blue. ‘I finished another 12-hour shift and went to the shop, bought another pack randomly and as I was paying for them I opened them up and they were pink again! ‘It’s just madness how two times I picked up packets that were pink and all of the bags are the same pink colour inside – there were no blue ones in there at all.’ Wotsits used to be sold in pink packets when there was a prawn cocktail flavour of the crisp. But these were discontinued 20 years ago before they returned in ‘giant’ form last year in special over-sized packets. Erin’s pink pack had the normal-sized original Really Cheesy flavour so she was left even more confused. She tried Googling what the pink theme means but the internet provided no answers. Erin’s family have been left equally shocked and all of them said they had never seen anything like it before. She shared her discovery on TikTok and Facebook and it has sparked a host of theories about the significance of the pink packaging. Some even believe these packets ‘could be worth a fortune’ while others thought it could be a machine malfunction and ‘the ink has run out’. Another social media user believes the pink theme could be something to do with Cancer Research UK. Wotsits manufacturer Pepsico/Walkers has been contacted for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.