It’s no secret that it’s been freezing in the UK this week – but temperatures are about to climb in some spots. The Met Office says the cold spell will come to an end later this week and through the weekend across western areas. Unfortunately, that still doesn’t mean good weather overall is guaranteed – with some rain and wind expected alongside milder temperatures. Meanwhile, people across eastern and south-eastern parts of the UK will have to hang on longer for temperatures to rise. ‘Sharp overnight frosts’ are expected throughout the rest of this week. According to forecasters’ long-range weather predictions, temperatures between January 23 and February 1 are ‘likely to be close to or slightly above average overall, especially further northwest.’ ‘Colder days and nights are more likely further south given settled conditions and clearer skies, along with the risk of fog or freezing fog’, the Met Office said today. In the meantime, a number of severe weather warnings for snow and ice are in place across the nation. A Level 3 Cold Weather Alert, issued by the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA), is in force for all of England until 9am on Friday. It comes after lows of -9.8C were recorded in the village of Topcliffe in North Yorkshire yesterday. Met Office Chief Meteorologist, Paul Gundersen, said; ‘Cold air is continuing to push across the UK from the north and many areas have seen some snow, wintry conditions, and overnight frosts. ‘National Severe Weather Warnings have been issued across parts of western England, Wales, Northern Ireland, and Scotland with more warnings likely to be issued over the coming days.’ National Highways has warned that travelling may be dangerous over the next few days. ‘Freezing conditions bring so many hazards such as ice and snow and take every possible step to understand your journey in advance and allow lots of extra time when travelling to prepare for the unexpected’, Dale Hipkiss, National Network Manager at National Highways, said. Meanwhile, pet owners have been reminded to take extra precautions to protect their animals during the freeze. British Veterinary Association Senior Vice President, Justine Shotton, said: ‘Outdoor rabbit or guinea pig hutches should be protected from snow, rain and cold winds, whilst dogs and cats will need easy access to a cosy shelter indoors. ‘Consider a coat for older dogs or those with thin fur to keep them warm during walks and always wipe your dog’s paws and belly on returning home to remove any grit, as it can be toxic if ingested. ‘Antifreeze is a huge hazard for cats, so keep an eye out for signs of poisoning such as vomiting, depression, lack of coordination, seizures and difficulty breathing.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.