Take a journey with us over the past 10 years of drinking, if you will. Around a decade ago, gin hit the mainstream – and then some. Now, you only have to walk into a supermarket to be greeted in the alcohol aisle with an overwhelming number of varieties – from London Dry and Old Tom, to fruity and glittery options. Then, aesthetically-pleasing Aperol fast-became the go-to order, followed by frosé (that’s frozen rosé for those not clued-up), as well as tequila and mezcal – which also had their moment in the spotlight. There’s also been a recent revival of the Negroni – both the classic and Sbagliato with prosecco in it (the latter thanks to TikTok). So, what’s set to be the next drink of choice? According to drinks experts, rum is predicted to have a huge comeback in 2023 – particularly in the cocktail scene. Firstly, you’d be right to be sceptical. Rum? In Cocktails? It’s hardly groundbreaking stuff. It also goes without saying that rum plays a huge part in daily life around the world, not only as a drink but as an ingredient, too – particularly in the Caribbean, where the spirit is deeply anchored in the culture and history of the islands. Likewise in India, with previous reports suggesting around 400 million litres of rum are consumed every year – twice the number of the United States in second place. Drinking rum is nothing new. But experts predict this rum revival to take place in the UK, in particular, this year – and it’s already happening. In 2022, rum sales in the UK outpaced whisky for the first time, becoming a £1 billion market – the third largest market for rum in the world. Bartender, beverage consultant and author of The Tipsy Traveler Tyler Zielinski tells Metro.co.uk: ‘With rum eclipsing whisky sales in the UK for the first time in modern history and prominent retailers – such as The Whisky Exchange and Waitrose – seeing a sales lift in various styles of rum, the proof is in the pudding – so to say. ‘Not only are ultra-premium aged rums selling among enthusiasts and collectors, but general consumers have also turned their heads to the category, embracing cocktail-friendly, lightly aged and botanical rums. ‘I think between the renewed consumer interest in rum cocktails and the collector market growing steadily year over year, rum’s rise to the top was only a matter of time.’ So, why rum? And why now? There’s no denying rum is certainly having a moment and experts and mixologists say it will continue to surge. And it seems this is mainly down to rum’s versatility – particularly in cocktails. So we should expect more orders of rum cocktails this year. Tyler adds: ‘Drinks writers and rum lovers have been saying rum’s having a comeback for years now, but in the UK it’s finally reached the point where it has at scale, beyond just the serious enthusiasts. ‘What drove rum sales past whisky sales likely comes down to its popularity in cocktails. ‘When bars and pubs are stocking more types of rum, putting rum cocktails on menus, and simultaneously educating consumers about the spirit and turning them on to rum, that’s where the volume (in terms of sales) comes from. ‘Compared to Scotch whisky, rum has many more favorable cocktails. Sure, the Bobby Burns, Penicillin and Whisky Highball are tasty, but when you stack those cocktails against a Daiquiri or Mai Tai, it’s a no-brainer which drink the average consumer will choose.’ And it seems drinks experts across London are also welcoming this revival. ‘Bartenders are always looking to for a point of difference and this year it looks like rum,’ confirms Will Rogers, the head of beverage at Kricket and SOMA. From light and dark to sweet and spiced, rum comes in so many forms – and can be sipped neat but also act as the star attraction in cocktails. ‘I think rum is a fascinating category, with so many different expressions,’ says Andrea Costanzo, the bar manager at The Suffolk. ‘There are some interesting developments in cask aging, for example. I am really excited to see how the flavoured rum market develops – a bartender’s dream is to have a base spirit that can be taken in multiple directions. ‘With so many different gins and vodkas on offer, the emerging rum market is an exciting one to explore.’ ‘Rum is predicted to be big this year, especially in the cocktail scene,’ says Markus Bosel, the bar manager at Fallow. ‘Rum brands are setting new standards for amazing classics, such as an Old Cuban. Rum is also a way to prolong and enjoy the summer throughout the year.’ Whether it’s enjoying a Piña Colada (also predicted to be huge in 2023) on a sunny beach, or sipping a spiced rum at Christmas, it’s clear the drink works as a year-round option. ‘Rum is my favorite spirit because of its diversity,’ adds Tyler. ‘I can have an unaged or lightly aged rum in a Daiquiri, a Jamaican rum blend in a Mai Tai, a heavily-aged rum to sip on or in an Old Fashioned – no matter what type of cocktail that I’m looking for, there’s a rum that fits the bill. ‘Aside from that, rum is produced in so many countries and places around the world, that I enjoy learning about other cultures through the lens of rum – what role it plays in daily life, cooking, celebrations, medicine, and so on. ‘I could wax poetic about my love for rum for days, but it’s just an amazing spirit that imbibers will only continue to learn more about over the years.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Not doing Dry Jan? These are the drinks expected to be popular in 2023 MORE : From seaweed to snails – experts say these are the top food trend predictions for 2023 MORE : ‘Main character energy’ is the new baby name trend for 2023 – but experts warn to choose wisely