Priscilla Presley has paid tribute to her daughter, Lisa Marie Presley, in the public memorial for the late star. Presley died aged 54 on January 12, after being rushed to hospital in cardiac arrest, just two days after attending the Golden Globes. The only daughter of Elvis Presley will be buried at Graceland – her birthplace and the sprawling estate she inherited from her famous father after his death. She was just nine at the time. Her son, Benjamin Keough, is also buried at Graceland, who died after taking his own life in 2020 at the age of 27. Hundreds of mourners gathered at the estate to pay their respects in a public service, which was live-streamed online for fans to tune in. Speaking to the crowd on the front law, Priscilla, 77, became incredibly tearful as she said ‘a broken heart was the doing of her death’ in a poem, adding: ‘Now, she is home where she always belonged, but my heart is missing her love.’ Priscilla also thanked everyone for coming to honour her daughter. ‘I’m blown away by how many people are here today,’ she began. She read out a poem written by her granddaughter, which said: ‘I have no idea how to put my mother into words, the truth is there are too many. ‘Lisa Marie Presley was an icon, a role model, a superhero to many people all over the world. ‘But Mama was my icon, my role model, my superhero, and much more ways than one.’ A poem by Presley’s daughter Riley was also read out, which said: ‘I hope I can love my daughter that way you loved me. The way you love my brother and my sisters. Thank you for giving me strength, my heart, my empathy, my courage, my sense of humour. ‘My manners, my temper, my wildness, my tenacity. I’m a product of your heart. My sisters are a product of your heart. My brother is a product of your heart. ‘We are you. You are us, my eternal love. I hope you finally know how loved you were here. Thank you for trying so hard for us. If I didn’t tell you every day, thank you.’ Also in attendance at the memorial service was Elvis actor Austin Butler, and director Baz Luhrmann. Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York delivered, was amongst those giving speeches. She spoke fondly of her ‘sissie’ and offered her support to the late singer’s children. Guns N’ Roses singer Axl Rose spoke about his friend before performing the band’s song November Rain. He was followed by Pastor Dwayne Hunt who delivered a prayer in which he said the singer will be buried alongside her son and near to her father. When announcing the ‘devastating’ news of her daughter’s death earlier this month, Priscilla released a statement. ‘It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us,’ she said. ‘She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known. ‘We ask for privacy as we try to deal with this profound loss.’ The grey marble sarcophagus that Presley will be buried beside is the exact same as her son Benjamin’s. It’s believed his resting place was moved slightly to make space for his mother. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mourners gather in their hundreds to pay respects to Lisa Marie Presley at memorial service at Graceland MORE : Michael Lockwood to get ‘full custody’ of Lisa Marie Presley’s twins, 14, after her sudden death aged 54  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 