If you’re not on the property ladder yet, you may want to look away now. There was a time when £100,000 could afford you a stunning family home. Now, however, it barely gets you a 120 square foot garage. This single garage, situated close to Porthmeor Beach in St Ives, Cornwall, is up for sale for a whopping £99,950. Measuring just 15 feet by 8 feet, it comes with an additional service charge of £400 a year, although this fee may change depending on any work carried out. According to estate agents Harding Laity, the parking space (which is leased for 999 years from 1999) has been on the market for the last 16 months. You may see the eyewatering price tag and think that’s to blame, but the seaside region has seen property prices skyrocket in recent years. The average home bought in St Ives sits at £516,124 – almost as much as a London flat (figures via Zoopla). The full listing for the building reads: ‘This under cover parking space is situated in The Digey, right in the heart of the popular fishing quarter known as “Downlong”. ‘The parking space is accessed through the electronic wooden doors as shown in the photograph. Porthmeor Beach, The Tate Gallery, Fore Street and The Harbour Beach are all in easy walking distance making this a highly prized acquisition.’ It has a light switch inside if needed, and despite appearances suggesting it’s a standard lock-up, it’s described as an ‘ideal under cover parking space’ within a ‘highly sought after area.’ Parking is at a premium in many towns in Cornwall and with only a select number of short and long stay spaces in and around St Ives, a park-and-ride system has to operate in tourist-heavy months. Demand is high, and garages in St Ives and nearby Port Isaac have sold for as much as £80,000, drawing criticism from locals who feel priced out of homeownership. View the parking spot’s listing on Rightmove. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best skincare for prepping your face before makeup MORE : What to expect when buying a property: Make sure to do your homework