Liverpool have been forced into an FA Cup replay after goalkeeper Alisson made two key errors in a 2-2 third-round draw against Wolves at Anfield. The Brazil international ‘keeper handed the visitors a 1-0 lead as he attempted to play a pass out from the back – but it did not even make it out of the penalty area and went straight to Wolves’ Goncalo Guedes to slot home after 26 minutes. Goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohammed Salah turned the game on its head but Alisson once again let his side down as Wolves made it 2-2 through Hwang Hee-chan on 67 minutes – with the ball somehow bobbling past the 30-year-old – who should have done better. Things could have got even worse for Jurgen Klopp’s side with VAR controversially denying Wolves a late winner despite Toti scrambling the ball over the line. The disallowed goal was due to an alleged offside in the build-up, despite ITV reporting that video official Mike Dean did not have a camera angle of the apparent offence, with viewers at home also left in the dark. The Reds have now failed to pick up a victory in their last two matches following Monday’s 3-1 Premier League defeat at Brentford and will look to turn their fortunes around when they travel to face Brighton in the top-flight on January 14. ‘It was a good start, a dominant start,’ Liverpool boss Klopp told ITV after the game. ‘We played really good football moments and then we concede. The goal should not happen, but we all know how often Ali [Alisson] saves our backsides. ‘They had counter-attacks before then, it is always dangerous when [Adama] Traore gets the ball. We could see that. ‘We came back with a fantastic equaliser, everything was clear at half-time what we wanted to improve and change to cause them more problems. ‘Then it was a dominant performance before they got a foot in the game and we didn’t win enough challenges from there. ‘They caused us massive problems. We kept the problems in the game. The equaliser was unlucky, but he should not be able to work into our box.’ MORE : Graeme Souness names four Liverpool players who should be concerning Jurgen Klopp MORE : Jurgen Klopp sets timeframe for Virgil van Dijk return after 'big injury blow' 