A growing number of potentially dangerous individuals have come to the attention of a police team dealing with threats to royals and other high-profile figures. Stalkers and people who believe they have a claim to the throne after the death of Queen Elizabeth II are said to be among those on the radar of the Royalty and Specialist Protection (RaSP) team. The Metropolitan Police command last year referred 170 individual cases to the multi-agency Fixated Threat Assessment Centre (FTAC), which monitors risks to royals, politicians and other prominent figures. Of these, 10 were judged to pose the highest threat, while 117 were ‘medium’ and 43 ‘low’, according to data released under the Freedom of Information Act. The figures have been revealed ahead of the Coronation of King Charles III, where a massive security operation will again be implemented after the Queen’s funeral passed without serious incident on September 19. RaSP has around 400 officers and protects people of ‘rank and importance’, including royals, government ministers and visiting heads of state. The number of cases the team recorded in the year up to October 2022 was the same as for the whole of 2021 and a rise on 2020, when 141 referrals were made according to the Met Police data. The number of the highest threats rose from five in 2020 to 10 in the past two years. The disclosure gave an insight into the nature of some of the cases, which included harassment, stalking and sending letters with intent to cause distress or anxiety. None of the four incidents recorded by RaSP between January and April 2020 resulted in criminal charges. While the force did not reveal details of more recent cases, fixated people who believe they are the rightful heirs to the throne are among those said to pose a threat to royals. The number of referrals may be bigger, as the Met only released details of cases which were taken on by the FTAC. Philip Grindell, a former Metropolitan Police Counter-Terrorism Security Co-Ordinator, gave an insight into the type of individuals who will be on the authorities’ radar. Mr Grindell, who is now CEO and founder of Defuse, a threat and risk management consultancy, said: ‘These individuals will include people who think they are the rightful heir to the throne as the illegitimate descendants of various historical royal figures. ‘They claim that after the Queen’s death they are the legitimate king or queen and should be involved in these major royal events, where they will show up on the day. ‘The highest risk individuals will include people with significant mental health issues, and that might mean being delusional or having a personality disorder. ‘Some of these people will fly in from across the world and they will crave proximity to the royals and might want to gain access to places like Buckingham Palace or Balmoral. ‘They may pose a physical threat to the royals, the police and to themselves, with the risk that they will be shot by armed officers. The FTAC will liaise with mental health professionals, including GPs, which might include getting a person into secure accommodation or making sure they take their medication. ‘This intervention method is about keeping these individuals safe from themselves as much as anything else.’ A demonstration of the type of incident that could arise came in December 2021, when a man allegedly carrying a crossbow was arrested in the grounds of Windsor Castle. He was said at the time to have used a rope ladder to scale a metal fence while the Queen was in residence on Christmas morning. Jaswant Singh Chail, 20, is provisionally due to stand trial in March over three related charges, including an offence under the Treason Act. The issue of royal security has also arisen after the Home Office cut Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s police protection in the UK. The duke, who relocated to California with his wife after their break with Buckingham Palace, is pursuing a long-running legal battle against the decision. Britain’s former head of counter-terrorism said last year that Meghan had faced credible threats to her life while the couple lived in the UK. Neil Basu, speaking as he stepped down as the Met’s assistant commissioner, described the plots as ‘very real’ and said they had been investigated by teams at Scotland Yard. The prince has previously said through his legal team that he ‘inherited a security threat at birth’, with his young family subjected to ‘well-documented neo-Nazi and extremist threats’. The security arrangements for the Coronation of King Charles at Westminster Abbey on May 6 will now be the main focus for the agencies’ event planning. The ceremony follows the Queen’s state funeral, where the security bill was estimated to have been £5.4 million in the biggest operation of its type in history. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page. 