Lisa Marie Presley was joined by Austin Butler and Baz Luhrmann in LA on Sunday when they attended a birthday bash for Lisa’s late father, Elvis Presley. Baz and Austin flanked Lisa as they arrived at the Formosa Café in West Hollywood, one of Elvis’ favourite haunts when he was alive. Lisa’s daughter Riley Keough also stepped out for the party, as did Rita Ora and her rumoured husband Taika Waititi. Elvis would have turned 88 on January 8 had he not died in 1977, aged 42, from cardiac arrhythmia. Lisa, 54, opted for a chic all-black look to mark the King of Rock and Roll’s birthday, while 31-year-old Austin went full Elvis in a glittering suit jacket and Baz, 60, layered a crisp black T-shirt beneath a tailored jacket. Meanwhile, 33-year-old actor Riley slipped into an eye-catching silver two-piece, but nothing quite compared to Rita’s show-stopping (and very see-through) lace purple dress. Iconic. According to Variety, invites for the Netflix party were sent out last month and confirmed that film bosses Pam Abdy and Michael De Luca were hosting the event in Elvis’ honour. The invite also noted that ‘special guests’ Austin and Baz would be in attendance. While the invite didn’t mention the fact that the party would take place two nights before the Golden Globes, Baz’s film, simply titled Elvis, will be up for three awards at the ceremony: best picture, best actor and best director. Lisa has made no secret of the fact that she’s a fan of the Australian director’s glittering ode to her famous father, released last year, that saw Austin take on the titular role. She previously described Baz’s biopic as ‘nothing short of spectacular’ and predicted that Austin’s performance as the legendary musician would win him an Oscar. Sharing her thoughts on twitter, Lisa hailed Austin as having ‘channelled and embodied my father’s heart & soul beautifully’. She also said that if he didn’t win an Academy Award, she would ‘eat her own foot’. ‘I do want to take a moment to let you know that I’ve seen Baz Luhrmann’s movie Elvis twice now,’ she tweeted. ‘Let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite. Austin Butler channelled and embodied my father’s heart & soul beautifully.’ She continued: ‘In my humble opinion, his performance is unprecedented and FINALLY done accurately and respectfully. (If he doesn’t get an Oscar for this, I will eat my own foot, haha.) ‘You can feel and witness Baz’s pure love, care, and respect for my father throughout this beautiful film, and it is finally something that myself and my children and their children can be proud of forever.’ Lisa noted that she was also moved to tears by watching her children ‘visibly overwhelmed in the best possible way’ by the film, as they were ‘so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced’. Finally, she thanked filmmaker Baz for his ‘beautiful and inspiring’ film: ‘Baz, your utter genius combined with your love and respect for my father and this project is just so beautiful and so inspiring. I know I’m being repetitive, but I don’t care, Thank you for setting the record straight in such a deeply profound and artistic way.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele Roberts reveals she’s undergoing anal surgery in cancer recovery update: ‘Keep your fingers crossed for me’ MORE : Love Island makes history as it confirms first partially sighted contestant for winter series 