Jeremy Clarkson is returning to film the next series of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? The 62-year-old former Top Gear presenter came under fire last month after he wrote a column Meghan Markle last month stating that he ‘hated’ the Duchess of Sussex on a ‘cellular level’, but he’ll be back fronting the ITV1 quiz show despite the backlash. In the sake of his comments, Variety reported the streaming service had decided to ‘cut ties’ with the Grand Tour host, while head of ITV Carlyn McCall, stressed that Clarkson’s views were ‘in no way endorsed’ by the broadcaster and the network’s boss Kevin Lygo added: ‘I would say what he writes in a newspaper column… We have no control over what he says.’ Lost In TV, a live audience service which lets fans book free tickets to be in the studio for some of the biggest shows on telly, has a listing for Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? as filming gets underway next month. Currently, fans can apply for tickets for shoots on February 10 (doors at 11.15am), 11 (1:45pm), 12 (4.30pm) and 13 (11.15am). The listing reads: ‘Britain’s best-loved classic quiz, Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? is back with its host, Jeremy Clarkson, and you could be in the studio audience! ‘How would you enjoy voting, when the Ask The Audience lifeline is used? Would you like to see Britain’s brightest brains win Fastest Finger first and try and win a million pounds? ‘Then, this is your chance to come and feel the atmosphere of the world’s most famous quiz show.’ The site notes that the usual terms and conditions apply, while the recordings will last ‘approximately two hours’ and audience members most be aged 18 or over. Meanwhile, the Daily Mail reports that as well as the upcoming series set to air in September, there are also still hopes for a celebrity special, which could be broadcast in June. Earlier this month, Clarkson said sorry for the column, but Prince Harry and Meghan shared their dissatisfaction over his apology, slamming his ‘pattern of spreading hate rhetoric.’ In a statement, they said: ‘On December 25, 2022, Mr Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex. They continued: ‘While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories, and misogyny. ‘Unless each of his other pieces were also written “in a hurry”, as he states, it is clear that this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to ITV for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Petition calling for ITV to keep Jeremy Clarkson reaches over 22,000 signatures – following ‘Amazon axe’ MORE : Jeremy Clarkson’s ‘axe’ from Amazon has nothing to do with vile Meghan Markle comments, apparently 