Ken Bruce has announced he is stepping down from BBC Radio 2 after an incredible 45 years of broadcasting full-time, but he’s not leaving the industry forever. The treasured 71-year-old host broke the news to his listeners on Tuesday morning, confirming his last show would air in March. Addressing his impending departure, Bruce said: ‘Nothing stays the same forever and I have decided the time is right for me to move on from Radio 2 when I reach the end of my current contract in March. ‘It’s been a tremendously happy time for me: I’ve made many friends and worked with many wonderful colleagues. ‘However, I feel that after 45 years of full-time broadcasting on BBC Radio it’s time for a change. I would stress that this is entirely my decision but some new opportunities have come up and I would like to continue my career in a slightly different way in the next few years, the details of which will be revealed shortly.’ He continued: ‘I will always be very proud of my association with the BBC and Radio 2 in particular and I’d like to thank everyone who has helped to make the mid-morning show a success.’ Luckily though, the much-loved presenter will be back on the airwaves in April when he joins Greatest Hits Radio. It’s been confirmed that Bruce will have a brand new mid-morning show from 10am to 1pm, starting on April 3. Talking about the gig, Bruce said: ‘What better way to celebrate my 45 years in radio than with a new adventure and a brand-new show on Greatest Hits Radio. ‘I say brand-new but there will still be PopMaster, me and my musings, and all the great records you know and love from the 70s, 80s and 90s. ‘I’m looking forward to getting started and to you joining me for my very first show. See you in April!’ Nevertheless, Radio 2 listeners expressed devastation over Bruce’s departure. Fellow BBC colleague Rylan penned: ‘Ken Bruce. A beautiful man who’s always been so lovely to me at @BBCRadio2. Going to be so missed on air, but personally I’ll miss having a beer in a foreign country discussing anything and everything whilst at Eurovision. Thanks for always being so lovely.’ DJ Trevor Nelson added: ‘Wow Ken Bruce is leaving radio 2. He has just announced on his show. Totally his own decision. What a legend and what a run. Massive respect @RealKenBruce.’ (sic) Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  