A number of top Ukrainian government officials have died after a military helicopter crashed near a nursery. Officials have said there have been at least 16 people killed with dozens injured after the incident in Brovary, a town to the north-east of Kyiv, this morning. According to the head of the National Police, Ihor Klymenko, the rotor of the helicopter stopped working and led to the crash. He also confirmed that Minister of Internal Affairs, Denys Monastyrskyi, First Deputy Minister, Yevgeny Yenin, and State Secretary, Yuriy Lubkovich all died in the crash. Nine people who were on board the helicopter are said to have died, and three children are also said to have been killed. Kyiv region governor Oleksiy Kuleba wrote on the Telegram messaging app: ‘There were children and … staff in the nursery at the time of this tragedy. Everyone has now been evacuated. There are casualties,’ Videos shared on social media showed a burning building and people could be heard screaming. A new video showed the doomed helicopter flying low over trees but apparently without difficulty in ‘the last seconds’ before it crashed. An eyewitness said: ‘The helicopter made three circles over Fora [a chain of supermarkets in Ukraine], flew into the centre, started descending sharply, hit it, caught fire and that was it.’ Interior Ministry official Anton Gerashchenko confirmed the deaths, and suggested sabotage as a possible cause. He said: ‘My friends, statesmen of Ukraine – Minister of Internal Affairs Denis Monastyrsky, Zhenya Yenin [Yevhen Yenin] and Yura Lubkovich died in a helicopter crash of the State Emergency Service in Brovary. ‘Everyone on board the helicopter also died. The causes of the tragedy are being established by investigators. ‘Whether it was sabotage, a technical malfunction, a violation of flight safety rules, we will soon find out. ‘My deepest condolences to the families and friends of Denis, Yevhen and all the families of those killed in this terrible disaster. ‘Denis, Zhenya, Yura, everyone who was on board the helicopter were patriots of Ukraine, each defended and strengthened Ukraine in their place. We will always remember you. ‘Your families will always be under the protection of friends and the state. Eternal memory to you, Friends!’ The deputy head of Ukraine’s presidential office, Kyrylo Tymoshenko, wrote on Telegram:  ‘We are finding out information about casualties and the circumstances.’ The helicopter – said to be a Eurocopter EC225 Super Puma – was reportedly flying in fog when it crashed. The aircraft belonged to Ukraine’s emergencies ministry, and the reason for the crash was not immediately clear. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.