A man who stole nearly £1 million from local authorities before fleeing to the US to reinvent himself as a psychic medium has been jailed. Birmingham Crown Court sentenced Tyler Evans, 42, of no fixed abode, to four years and eight months in prison yesterday. Evans pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering earlier in December. The defendant’s lawyers said he had a longstanding interest in the paranormal, having transferred some of his illicit earnings to a business account under the name Paranormal Activities. But they claimed most of the money had been lost at casinos due to his gambling addiction even before he left the country. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said it will nevertheless pursue confiscation proceedings against Evans to recover whatever criminal funds may remain. Andrew Cant, a specialist prosecutor for the CPS said: ‘Evans fraudulently diverted money, which should have been spent on vital public services such as education, health and social care or the upkeep of the city’s roads, for his own personal financial gain.’ Evans relocated to the United States in 2015 after losing his job at Birmingham City Council over a matter unrelated to the fraud. According to his lawyers, he attempted to rebuild his life there with about £10,000 of the money he had stolen, working as a medium while also conducting guided tours. Prior to being dismissed as a city council worker, Evans had submitted numerous false financial claims to his managers as part of what prosecutors described as a ‘sophisticated fraud’. Between 2010 and 2013, this resulted in more than £900,000 being transferred from local authorities into 10 bank accounts. Evans worked in multiple departments at Birmingham City Council before assuming the role of customer engagement officer with the highways team in 2010. His responsibilities included refunding deposits paid out once contractors’ work for the council had been completed. Kevin Hicks, assistant director at Evans’s former department, said: ‘We would like to thank all those involved in working so hard to bring this case to court […] It is appalling that someone could steal money that should have been spent on public services. ‘Once the fraud was uncovered steps were immediately taken to change the councils’ internal payment process to strengthen controls and mitigate the risk of this happening again.’ The Birmingham City Council employee clarified insurers had covered financial losses above £100,000, and that none of the local authority’s contractors had been affected by Evans’s scam. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.