Wayne Lineker came under fire after a comment he made about Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury’s new daughter. The couple, both 23, met while filming Love Island and shared their happy news with an Instagram post on Monday evening, updating fans on the arrival of their baby. Waiting in anticipation for that exact upload, fans flocked in their thousands to comment well-wishes and congratulations – including 60-year-old Wayne. Underneath the sweet image of Molly-Mae, Tommy and the tiny newborn at the hospital, the younger brother of football icon Gary Lineker penned: ‘Amazing guys. Congratulations. That’s gonna be one good looking baby,’ alongside an orange heart emoji. Supporters of the reality TV duo were quick to notice Wayne’s words and called him out for being ‘weird’ and ‘dodgy’. One Instagram user wrote: ‘we know you like them young but this is so weird’, while another typed: ‘I dunno mate seems a bit dodgy that [sic]’. The criticism of the star’s well-wishes continued in the comment section of the post with an account writing: ‘@waynelineker why are you so gross [sic]’. However many also disagreed with the attack on the famous sibling and jumped to his defence condemning people for using such language under a birth announcement. ‘Who puts all this pathetic trash on someone’s birth announcement!,’ was one fan’s response to the debate. Similar comments read: ‘no it’s normal to say 2 good looking ppl will have a gorgeous baby u are weird for that [sic]’ and ‘You people in the replies are awful. It’s a birth announcement. Have respect.’ The Fury baby’s birth also garnered a reaction from infamous YouTuber Jake Paul, who was slammed by fans for his ‘nasty’ words upon learning of the baby’s arrival. Jake, 26, decided to leave a cruel comment underneath his boxing rival’s post ahead of the pair’s clash on February 26. ‘Just in time to watch your dad get knocked out,’ were the social media star’s words before he deleted them from the app. Jake’s jibe left a sour note with fans on Twitter, with one user saying: ‘jake paul is actually vile for this comment [sic]’. Another slammed the American star: ‘Honestly at this point I’d pay a lot of money to see Molly Mae V Jake Paul [sic]’. Metro.co.uk contacted Wayne and Jake’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Glowing new mum Molly-Mae Hague shares adorable snaps of daughter with Tommy Fury but keeps us guessing over ‘unusual’ baby name MORE : Jake Paul slammed for ‘distasteful’ comment on Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury’s baby announcement ahead of fight 