The slogan for this year’s Eurovision Song Contest to be held in Liverpool has been announced as ‘United by Music’. After the United Kingdom was handed hosting duties following the decision that it would be too dangerous to hold it in Ukraine after they won last year, both country’s flags have been used as inspiration for the colour scheme in the logo. The artwork showing hearts beating together, while the typeface is called Penny Lane, a nod to Liverpool’s music history. The BBC said it ‘reflects the very origins of the contest’, which was originally created as a broadcasting experiment to bring Europe together. An official handover ceremony, hosted by Rylan Clark and AJ Odudu, will take place tonight, and will also be broadcast from Liverpool’s St George’s Hall from 6pm on BBC Two. The mayor of last year’s host city, Turin, will hand over ‘the keys’ to Eurovision as well as the official insignia for the competition too. At the draw, most participating countries will find out which semi-final they will compete in. The BBC has said that local school pupils, as well as members of the Ukrainian community who have settled in the city since the war began, will also play a part. Taking place on May 9 and 11, the semi-finals will see the 31 competitors reduced to 20 acts after a public vote. The grand final will then take place on May 13. The UK, France, Spain, Germany and Italy will continue to automatically qualify for the final, as will Ukraine. While the UK’s entrant is yet to be announced, former Sex Pistols star John Lydon is competing to represent Ireland. His band Public Image Ltd their bid earlier this month, with plans to perform a previously unheard song titled Hawaii, which is dedicated to his Lydon’s wife Nora, who has Alzheimer’s. The Eurovision Song Contest airs May 13 on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : John Lydon U-turns after saying he’s never watched Eurovision insisting it was big part of his youth MORE : Sam Ryder calls for a more ‘diverse’ act to represent the UK at Eurovision in 2023 