‘You’re through to someone you can talk to,’ I answered the phone. ‘How are you today?’ Through floods of tears, a teenage girl told me that she was about to kill herself. Immediately, I tried to calm her down and help her feel she wasn’t alone. I could hear the dangerous situation she was in from the background noise of her call. I alerted my supervisor to the immediate risk to her life and he contacted the emergency services. A few moments later, a paramedic’s voice came through the phone. ‘We’ve got her now, she’s safe,’ they said. As soon as I put that phone down, I just felt an overwhelming sense of relief. This is just one of the countless calls I’ve taken as a counsellor for this life-saving service. I’ve been volunteering with Childline since 2007. It came about after I was chatting with my friend, Andrew, who was raising money for the charity by running the London Marathon. He told me the shocking statistic that around half of calls to Childline went unanswered because there just weren’t enough volunteers – that number was down to a quarter in 2022, but it’s still much too high. Even more shocking to me was the fact that these kids whose calls went unanswered were reluctant to call back again. At the time, I’d spent four years volunteering around the streets of Whitechapel in a befriending service supporting women in sex work – so I had some prior experience. I called Childline to ask for more information, then I went to an information evening and was immediately blown away to hear how vital the service is for a lot of young people – in times of need, trained people are there to listen and gently guide kids of all ages. I applied and was thrilled to find out that I was accepted. Initially, I worked on the switchboard, which meant that I was feeding calls through to the counsellors. After about a year of this, I started training to take calls. This took about three months – with one session per week – of mostly role plays and techniques on how to properly listen. Active listening makes a child feel heard, so it was important to perfect this skill and language. The last training session involved sitting in on another counsellor’s shift, which was truly eye-opening. It was from a 13-year-old girl who called to say that she was going to run away and live in a shed behind a Tesco across town. She figured supermarket employees regularly put leftover food in the bins, so she’d never go hungry. Instead of stepping in – like you probably instinctively would – to say that it was a terrible idea, the counsellor I was shadowing simply encouraged her to talk him through her plan in more detail. ‘How would you feel at night?’ he asked. ‘What would it be like if it was raining or snowing? What sort of other people might there be around you?’ Over the course of the conversation, she began to realise her idea actually wasn’t very practical. Once she’d come to her own conclusion, she felt supported enough to talk about the reasons why she felt she wanted to run away. I was in awe of how this whole situation unfolded. He wasn’t telling her what to do, rather, he was helping the child believe it in herself that she had the tools to fully think things through and come up with a safer, better course of action. I immediately felt nervous that I wasn’t yet ready to create that space for a child to feel safe, but I’d had good training so I was hopeful I’d be able to do it. Once I started taking my own calls – two sessions a week, which were supervised at first – my confidence grew. A typical call starts with a warm greeting from me to make them feel engaged and at ease, as well as a simple ‘how are you?’ They could reply that they’re really upset, to which I’d respond that I’m here for them now and ask what’s been happening to make them feel that way. It’s important to try to understand what they want from the call and what would be helpful. Do they want to let it all out? Or maybe they’re processing something that’s happened. Perhaps they’re feeling in danger. We’ll tailor our responses to each child’s individual needs. No two calls are ever the same so it’s important for us not to make assumptions. For example, if a child calls to talk about the death of a parent, we wouldn’t respond: ‘You must feel so upset’. I’ve had children who weren’t upset at all – in fact, they were angry that their father wouldn’t face justice for the abuse he perpetrated. So often we’re just there to listen. Obviously if the child is in immediate danger – like the teenager telling me she was about to take her life – then we’ll escalate the case to the relevant services, but our job isn’t really to offer practical advice like abuse shelters or food banks. In those early days, kids would call for a variety of reasons – including bullying, domestic abuse, mental health and sometimes even suicide. A few times, I even got children calling up to sing a song they’d heard on X Factor the night before or talk about a badge they won at their swimming class. I haven’t had one of those latter calls in a very long time now though. Today, life can feel really difficult for young people. Back when I first started over 15 years ago, out of the average eight people on shift, there might be one child talking about self-harm. Now, most counsellors on every shift will likely receive calls from children thinking about suicide. More people are talking about sexuality and gender identity than ever before, while bullying has overwhelmingly switched from the playground to social media. The recent cost-of-living crisis has only exacerbated feelings of child loneliness. I took a call from a young man the other day whose father lost his job. As a result, his parents were arguing more and his father was drinking to cope. He didn’t want to bother them with his anxiety about the whole situation so he called Childline just for someone to talk to. Another teenage caller talked about how her mother had to work three jobs to keep food on the table, so this girl and her sister had to do the cooking and house upkeep. Some calls can hit a personal nerve for us, too. One girl called to say that she was upset because she started her period that morning. She told me her dad and aunt were great because they bought everything she needed to handle it, but that she missed her mum who had died recently. The problem wasn’t anything to do with her period or her dad not doing enough – it was that she couldn’t have the support of her mum when she wanted it. At the time, my daughter was a similar age to this young girl and I had lost my own mother a few years back. I felt heart-broken throughout, thinking about how my daughter might feel if she lost me. As counsellors, we’re trained to set our emotions aside during a call, but when something we hear hits particularly close to home, we’re able to sit with a supervisor afterwards to talk it through to let the feelings out. We have to learn to let go of each call though, so we can continue to help others. The way we work has changed over the years. Alongside telephone calls, we now offer online chat or email support too. The main message I want people to know is just how life-saving Childline’s services are, especially because waiting lists for Children and Adolescents Mental Health Services (CAMHS) can be so long. We speak to so many vulnerable and desperate young people who would just fall through the cracks without the vital support we can provide. If you can help in any way – in either volunteering, donating money or even sharing articles like this – then please do. It’s so important to let children know that there’s always someone for them to talk to if they need it. It’s such a privilege for me to be able to help do the work I do at Childline. I’ll continue to do it for as long as I can. As told to James Besanvalle Childline is the only service in the UK specifically for children whatever their worry, open 365 days a year – even on Christmas Day. Last year, we provided over 200,000 vital counselling sessions, but we can’t do it alone. Please donate via the NSPCC website or find out about volunteering opportunities here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Greg James flooded with praise after candidly revealing how he supports wife Bella Mackie in her mental health struggles MORE : How to cope with the mental health impact of winter in a cost-of-living crisis MORE : Kate Winslet urges government to ‘crack down’ on social media’s impact on children’s mental health: ‘Security checks need to be rigorous’