Michelle Pfeiffer is the latest celebrity to cancel their attendance at tonight’s Critics’ Choice Awards after testing positive for Covid. The What Lies Beneath actress was due to mingle with the stars at the California awards ceremony on Sunday evening, celebrating the best in film and TV from the past year. It was set to be a particularly special night for Michelle, 64, who is nominated for best actress in a limited series or movie made for television thanks to her role in The First Lady. However, she’ll have to watch and wait from home to see if she’s crowned winner over the likes of Julia Roberts and Amanda Seyfried who are also nominated in the category. Announcing the news of her absence, Michelle wrote in an Instagram post: ‘I’m so sorry to be missing the Critics Choice Awards today. Yep, Covid.’ She then dedicated the rest of her message to honouring Jeff Bridges, who will take home the lifetime achievement award. Michelle continued: ‘Especially disappointed not to witness @thejeffbridges receive his Lifetime Achievement Award. Pauline Kail said it best – “He (Jeff) may be the most natural and least self-conscious actor that has ever lived.” EVER LIVED. ‘It is what all actors strive for, and Jeff hits it every time…with every role that he slips into. Congratulations Jeff and to all the nominees!’ Rita Wilson passed on her well wishes to the actress and commented: ‘Feel better friend!’ It comes after it was confirmed that The Banshees of Inisherin stars Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson would also have to skip the star-studded awards following positive Covid tests. Colin, 46, is up for best actor and Brendan, 67, for best supporting actor in light of their performances in the drama. News of their potential absence was broken on Twitter after a reporter claimed they had both contracted the virus. The acting duo’s positive tests came just days after Halloween actress Jamie Lee Curtis announced that she would be missing the ceremony after being struck down by Covid. The 64-year-old was due to battle it out in the best supporting actress category for Everything Everywhere All at Once. Coincidentally, Jamie, Colin and Brendan all attended the Golden Globes last week but Michelle wasn’t pictured at the event. Colin and Brendan were even pictured sharing a kiss at the event, much to the entertainment of fans. The Critics’ Choice Awards will air live in the US on CW from 7pm ET (12am GMT). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 