Flybe has ceased trading and cancelled all flights after going into administration. The airline said the flights will not be rescheduled and that it will not be able to help passengers book alternative travel arrangements. Customers expecting to travel with Flybe were urged not to head to the airport, though officials said they can get help from the UK Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) to get home ‘as smoothly and affordably as possible’. Those who booked onto Flybe flights via another airline or agent are being advised to contact the third party. It’s the second time the airline has gone into administration, having closed down operations in March 2020 due to the impact of the Covid pandemic. Some 2,400 people lost their jobs and the firm’s future looked in doubt until it was rescued in April last year by an American hedge fund. It soon relaunched with plans to run 530 flights a week from most of the UK’s commercial airports. Before going bust it was the main airline for domestic flights between non-London airports. The government said its ‘immediate priority’ is to support people trying to get home and employees who have lost their jobs. ‘This remains a challenging environment for airlines, both old and new, as they recover from the pandemic, and we understand the impact this will have on Flybe’s passengers and staff. ‘The majority of destinations served by Flybe are within the UK with alternative transport arrangements available.’ The CAA’s Paul Smith said: ‘It is always sad to see an airline enter administration and we know that Flybe’s decision to stop trading will be distressing for all of its employees and customers. ‘We urge passengers planning to fly with this airline not to go to the airport as all Flybe flights are cancelled. For the latest advice, Flybe customers should visit the Civil Aviation Authority’s website or our Twitter feed for more information.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.