*Warning: This contains spoilers for Happy Valley season 3.* Life appeared to imitate art as Sarah Lancashire grabbed a drink in her local caff after the heartstopping confrontation between Catherine and Clare (Siobahn Finneran) in Happy Valley. The Last Tango in Halifax actor, 58, reprised her role as the no-nonsense cop in the final outing of Sally Wainwright’s drama and as well as investigating a grisly gangland murder connected to the Kneževićs, the sergeant has been dealing with problems at home. Catherine was heartbroken when she discovered her grandson Ryan (Rhys Connah) had been secretly visiting his psychopath father Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton), who is behind bars over the past year. And she was dealt a double blow of betrayal when it was revealed her sister Clare and boyfriend Neil (Con O’Neill) had been accompanying the teenager to Sheffield prison. To confirm the shocking truth with her own eyes, Catherine trailed the threesome to the Northern city, observing them park right outside the prison. However, while Ryan and Neil headed inside to visit Tommy, Clare instead went to a neighboring cafe to wait. In a bid to get her to confess, Catherine called Clare while watching her sip on a tea, asking her where she was. After Clare lied about her whereabouts, Catherine strolled into the cafe and plonked herself right opposite her, with her sister looking visibly shocked. This week, Sarah was also spotted cradling a hot drink at a very similar-looking cafe in Richmond, London, with her husband TV executive Peter Salmon, 66. But, judging by the pictures, it was certainly a much happier occasion than the confrontation between Catherine and Clare in Happy Valley. The ensuing scenes between pair, and Catherine’s despair after seeing visions of her dead daughter Becky, left viewers hailing the former Corrie star as ‘one of the best [actresses] of all time.’ ‘Good God: #SarahLancashire is absolutely phenomenal in this: it’s like a super power,’ another added, while a third remarked: ‘Every performance of Sarah Lancashire’s is a masterclass. She just something you can’t teach and whatever that is she has it in spades.’ Happy Valley continues on BBC One and iPlayer at 9pm on Sunday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Fans share excitement for Coronation Street star as she makes Happy Valley debut MORE : Happy Valley star Rhys Connah ‘can’t stand’ himself in early seasons of Sally Wainwright’s drama: ‘Was I always that annoying?’ 