Selena Gomez got some serious big sister brownie points this week as she treated her little sister to a truly glamorous night out. The former Disney star, 30, was among the nominees at the 80th annual Golden Globe Awards on Tuesday, a massive star-studded event after the muted affairs seen in recent years. Selena had been nominated for an accolade for actress in a musical or comedy TV series for her performance in the acclaimed Only Murders In The Building, and was beaming with pride as she strutted the carpet upon arrival at the event. The star had a special guest with her on the night – her little sister Gracie Elliot Teefey, 12, who her mum Mandy shares with second husband Brian. Selena was the picture of proud sister as she kept a protective arm around her sibling while the pair posed for photos, the Calm Down singer looking gorgeous in a deep purple Valentino gown. While Gracie wore a sweet cream dress with sparkles, the pair matched with similar hairstyles and hands, both sporting updos and long cream nails. Selena grinned for the gathered cameras, accentuating her good looks with dramatic dark eyeshadow, her dress seriously eye-catching thanks in part to the oversized ruffled sleeves. After the sisters got through the carpet, they settled down for the evening to watch the show at their table, where they would watch host Jerrod Carmichael present the awards (and make some controversial jokes). Selena faced some stiff competition for the Golden Globe, as she was up against the likes of Kaey Cuoco in The Flight Attendant and Jenna Ortega for her role in Wednesday. In the end Selena lost out as the award went to Quinta Brunson for her brilliant performance in ABC comedy Abbott Elementary, however the night is likely to have only good memories for the siblings. The actress also has two younger half-siblings on her father’s side: Marcus, 14, and eight-year-old Victoria. Fans of Selena may have been expecting the star to bring two particular guests to the awards show – Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz. The three have formed a strong friendship in recent months, having spent Thanksgiving together, and Selena and Nicola getting matching tattoos. The actress even joked she was in a ‘throuple’ with the married couple as they enjoyed a trip to Mexico together to ring in the New Year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Golden Globes 2023 winners: How to watch The Banshees of Inisherin, The Fabelmans, Elvis, and Tár MORE : Golden Globes viewers fawn over moment Colin Farrell ‘leapt’ out of seat to help Jennifer Coolidge to stage: ‘He’s such a real one’   You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 