As Auld Lang Syne played to mark the start of 2023, I vowed to make this year better than the last. Without going into the nitty gritty, the previous 12 months had felt like an unending slog. I can only liken it to being late for an appointment with every light turning red as I approached. Whenever traffic got moving, it was only a matter of time before I hit a traffic jam. When I tried a different route, roadblocks delayed things further. Although I put most of these setbacks down to bad luck, the New Year offered a chance to break this pattern. After a series of knocks, I was wary about getting my hopes up about anything good, but hoped a fresh outlook might turn things around – fake it ’til you make it, if you will. To give me the kick up the rear end I needed, I booked an astro-manifesting session with evolutionary Astrologer and founder of The Manifesting App, Dalila Salgueiro. For those uninitiated, astro-manifestation uses the principles of the zodiac to help you set (and reach) life goals through the ‘law of attraction’. I’ll admit, I’ve rolled my eyes at a few proponents of this theory in the past, but manifestation is having a serious moment, hailed as a life-changer by the likes of Oprah Winfrey and Lady Gaga. If it worked for them, I reasoned, surely it could do something for me. Then, the night before we were due to meet, my beloved rescue cat Frank unexpectedly passed away. As any pet owner can imagine, positive energy was far from my mind. I needn’t have worried, as Dalila’s warm demeanour over video call made me feel at ease, as though I was talking to an old friend rather than being coached. She started off by explaining her background in psychology and how her childhood in Venezuela influenced her career in astrology. In the Western world, we tend to treat anything intangible with scepticism, whether that’s horoscopes or hauntings. Growing up in South America, however, Dalila’s community embraced the celestial despite being devoutly religious. During a Full Moon, people would eat light meals to calm any craziness the event brings, while carby foods were favoured on a New Moon, considered a time chance to lay foundations for the month ahead. Additionally, while spending time in Mexico, the extremely well-travelled astrologer researched the Mayan calendar, finding that the ancient civilisation would time military efforts specifically when Pluto was in Mars. After experiencing panic attacks for the first time in the London rat race, Dalila went back to her roots, exploring how nature, spirituality and perception impacts happiness. I’m someone that welcomes the esoteric, but I still have doubts about manifestation. The industry is full of people saying we can change our lives through the power of thought, which seems way too good to be true. Dalila references Carl Jung and his use of astrology in psychology, saying this approach allows you to assess someone’s personality and work with them from the ground up, whereas some ‘don’t approach therapy until they feel something is going wrong.’ ‘Energy affects the sea, affects the crops, and even affects our periods,’ she adds. ‘What makes us think that we are external entities that aren’t affected by the Moon or the Sun?’ Before the session, Dalila had asked for my birth date, time and place to assess my natal chart – an astronomical snapshot of the stars at the very moment we came into the world. She sent over her notes beforehand, going through each placement of the planets on our hour-long call. She stresses that the practice isn’t to predict the future or offer quick fixes, but to recognise and break down self-imposed barriers and open up to new experiences. My chart heavily features Pisces, she said, with my Sun, Mercury, Venus and Saturn in the water sign when I was born. As the last sign in the zodiac, it’s said to encompass psychic intuition and innate wisdom, and Dalila’s spot-on in suggesting I’ve often been described as an ‘old soul’. My rising sign (also known as the ascendant) is in Cancer, and this is – according to astrology – how people perceive me once they truly get to know me. On the surface I might appear extroverted, but deeper down I abhor cruelty and unfairness and prioritise home, family and sentimentality. Continuing the ego boost, Dalila told me my Scorpio Jupiter, Pluto and True Node placements gave me an aura of ‘impressive magnetism,’ which I assume is why I always end up in conversations with strangers while out and about. But it couldn’t all be compliments, of course. The natal chart revealed a few things I’ve seen within myself but tried to suppress: empathy to the point of getting bogged down in other people’s pain, a need to escape when things get hard, and defensiveness relating to low self-worth. I couldn’t help but laugh at how on the money some of these statements were. Thankfully, though, it wasn’t just Dalia dragging me and my poor life choices. To help me get past these blocks, she suggested the following: As well as this, Dalila recommended times in the year to manifest different goals – for example, Taurus season is a great time to focus on stability. She also suggested I work on my ‘inner child’ by talking to myself how I would a five-year-old girl, as I have a tendency to be critical and get in my own way. I came away from the session feeling better, more aware of the fact there are things I can’t control – but what I can control is how I let life’s ups and downs get to me. Despite my preconceptions, Dalila hadn’t promised me the world in that patronising ‘if you dream it you can do it’ way. Rather than a wishy-washy lecture as I’d expected, the whole thing felt more like an outside viewpoint on the habits that no longer serve me. At £100 per Astro Manifesting consultation, it’s not the cheapest form of soul searching. But when your loved ones are too close to the situation to offer harsh but true advice, it certainly brings clarity. Whether my manifestation journey will break this spell of bad luck I can only surmise. Hopefully a less pessimistic outlook will allow me to weather those storms regardless – and I’ve got a paw-shaped quartz to start the process. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What is the backshot sex position that a Love Islander says is her favourite? MORE : The whisper method: A simple way to manifest for 2023