The dramatic trailer for You season 4 has landed and it looks like Joe Goldberg’s secret life as a serial killer could soon be exposed thanks to a mysterious stalker. After Netflix treated us to the first look at Penn Badgley and new love interest, played by Charlotte Richie, in December, the streaming giant has now released the teaser for the upcoming scenes ahead of their arrival on February 9. Series four follows Joe as he swaps America for a fresh life across the pond in London. But despite adopting a new persona, it seems as though Joe cannot escape his past and it looks set to catch up with him as someone begins following his every move. ‘I ran away from all of this, but one of you is watching me,’ he snaps in the official teaser. ‘One of you is hiding in plain sight. So, who are you?’ I just want my little European holiday back.’ ‘After his previous life went up in flames, Joe Goldberg has fled to Europe to escape his “messy” past, adopt a new identity, and, of course, to pursue true love,’ the official synopsis teases. ‘But Joe soon finds himself in the strange new role of reluctant detective as he discovers he may not be the only killer in London. ‘Now, his future depends on identifying and stopping whoever’s targeting his new friend group of uber-wealthy socialites…’ Fans were quick to express their excitement for the new season having watched the trailer. ‘I feel like the makers of this show have topped themselves again,’ one exclaimed. ‘It looks like it will be the best season so far. I’m very excited!’ Another added: ‘Best thing about this show is when you think it is way too dark, it gets even more darker the next season.’ The upcoming chapter will introduce newcomers Ed Speelers as Rhys, Lukas Gage as Adam, and Amy-Leigh Hickman as Nadia. Ozioma Whenu will take on the role of Blessing, Tilly Keepeer as Lady Phoebe, Aidan Cheng as Simon and Steohan Hagan as Malcolm. Elsewhere, Dario Coates joins as Connie, Eve Austin as Gemma, Ben Wiggins and Roald, and Niccy Lin as Sophie. You season 4 part 1 arrives February 9 on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 