Like many women, Kerri Rawson’s worst fear is somebody breaking into her home and murdering her in her sleep. It’s something she’s lived with since she was six years old back in April 1985, after she learned about the brutal murder of Marine Hedge, the kindly grandmother who lived a few houses down from her in Wichita, Kansas, who had gone missing. ‘We heard that she had been strangled and I started having night terrors around that time,’ Kerri remembers. However, in another horrific twist, two decades later she discovered she had actually been living under the same roof as the man who killed Marine. It was in 2005 when Kerri’s world fell apart, after her father Dennis Rader was arrested for 10 murders. Over the coming weeks she would come to find out that as well as being a loving father, president of the local church council and Cub Scout leader, he was also a serial killer. Giving himself the name BTK, for the horrific way he carried out his murders – ‘bind, torture, kill’ – Rader terrorised their hometown for more than 30 years. And as friends, associates and fellow residents celebrated the end of their decades-old nightmare, Kerri’s was just beginning. In the prologue to her New York Times bestselling book ‘A Serial Killer’s Daughter’, she writes of the ‘terrible’ ordeal: ‘Incalculable loss, trauma, emotional abuse, depression, anxiety, post-traumatic stress – these things leave scars.’ Speaking to Metro.co.uk, Kerri says: ‘I can go days and not really even think about my father, or I can just think of him as my father and not as BTK. ‘I’ll get to a point where things are quiet enough that I’ll forget he’s BTK – it’s been almost 18 years and I’ll still forget – and then things will click in my brain and go “yeah, your dad’s BTK” and you almost feel that first pain from all that time ago.’ Living in the shadow of her father’s crimes has taken its toll on Kerri’s mental wellbeing, especially as her PTSD can be triggered by the news of other murder cases. The mother-of-two reveals that just last Friday it flared up again when she read about the arrest of Bryan C Kohberger, 28, over the murders of four University of Idaho students which have shocked America. Housemates Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ms Kernodle’s boyfriend, Ethan Chapin, 20, were stabbed to death in the small college town of Moscow on November 13. As with millions of other true crime buffs and internet sleuths, Kerri followed the case closely. She describes how it bothered her from the get-go, not just because of the obvious horror of four young lives being brutally cut short, but some of the possible methods used. ‘I don’t know if I was maybe sensing my father in it a little bit,’ admits Kerri. Her concern grew when it emerged Kohberger gained a Master’s degree in criminology from Pennsylvania’s DeSales University, where he studied under Dr Katherine Ramsland, the leading expert on the BTK killings. Kerri tells Metro.co.uk that she soon began seeing eerie similarities between her father’s crimes and those committed in Idaho. Both men have degrees in the field of criminology, while Kohberger, at 28, is the same age Rader was when he killed four people in his first homicide attack. Kerri adds: ‘And he can’t help the initials he was born with – he was born BCK – but at some point, when he became fascinated with criminology, did he sort of latch on to my father because of the initials? ‘Initially it would have been a very weird coincidence, but when you have all of these coincidences adding up you have to look at it more.’ There is also a distinct possibility the pair could have communicated, either through Dr Ramsland’s classes or off the suspect’s own back. She adds: ‘This stuff will come out in court eventually, but right now it’s just speculation what he could have done.’ On making the connections, Kerri reveals how it brought all the fears she’s lived with, surrounding her father’s actions, flooding back. ‘I still have night terrors. Nobody’s been able to help me with those,’ she explains. ‘My worst fear is a home invasion, somebody coming into my room and murdering me in my sleep. That’s what my father did with Mrs Hedge. ‘Could he have practiced that crime in my house before he committed it? Was he practicing in my bedroom some night? Was he dressed up or coming back from something or going somewhere and I saw it and I suppressed it? I don’t know. ‘You know how much therapy I’ve had, how much trauma therapy, how many detectives I talked to, criminologists I’ve talked to about this, and nobody knows,’ she adds. ‘That’s my reality of living as this guy’s kid. And then finding out there could have been a connection between this recent killer and my father, it’s a lot.’ And it’s not just Kerri that’s affected, as she explains that when her PTSD hit after hearing the news about Kohberger, it had a knock on effect on all her family. ‘As much work as I’ve done and as much therapy as I’ve done, I still had to work my mental health steps and take care of myself more on that day and communicate to my family, “hey, mum’s having a hard day”, you know?,’ she explains. ‘It definitely can affect me, even indirectly.’ According to an affidavit unsealed Thursday, Idaho police managed to snare Kohberger for the slayings after piecing together DNA evidence, cellphone data and surveillance footage. The document revealed that a sample retrieved from the sheath of a knife recovered at the scene produced a match with Kohberger, while his mobile was found to have pinged a mast close to the victims’ home on a dozen occasions in the lead-up to the killings. He made his first appearance in an Idaho court on Thursday, where he faces four charges of first-degree murder. He did not enter a plea, and was ordered held without bail. Kerri says that despite Kohberger’s crimes, she has sympathy for his family, who will be going through ‘utter hell’ after having their ‘whole life completely upended in a flash’ following his arrest. ‘It’s a long road. It’s not anything I would wish on my worst enemy,’ she says, before adding: ‘It gets better. ‘If I was able to speak directly to Kohberger’s family, I would just say actively make a decision, even if it’s what am I going to do in the next two minutes, the next hour, what am I going to do tomorrow, putting one foot in front of the other and actively deciding you are going to stay alive.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.