Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s popularity appears to be plummeting in the US following the release of his explosive book. Spare is now the UK’s fastest-selling non-fiction book, but a new poll suggests the Duke of Sussex is now losing fans across the pond. Harry had a favourability rating of +38 on December 5, before Spare was published, according to a Newsweek survey of 2,000 US voters. The same people were asked for their opinions again on January 16, and Harry’s rating had plunged 45 points to -7. Meghan, who has not joined Harry on his media blitz of interviews, had an approval rating of +23 on December 5. It has now fallen 36 points to -13. Harry’s popularity among Brits sunk to an all-time low in a YouGov survey that came out the day before Spare hit shelves. Almost two-thirds (64%) of people said they have a negative view of the duke, up from 58% in May, with just a quarter (26%) seeing him in a positive light. His net favourability plunged to -38, while Meghan is even lower at -42. But it’s not all doom and gloom for the King’s second son, as he sold 467,183 copies of his book in the first week, according to Nielsen BookData. It smashed the previous record for a non-fiction, set by Kay Allinson, who sold 210,506 copies of her first Pinch Of Nom cookbook in 2019. Spare made explosive claims about the Royal Family, including that William physically attacked Harry in a row over Meghan. Harry also confirmed reports of a rocky relationship between his wife and the Princess of Wales by sharing texts showing a tense exchange over a bridesmaid dress. Speaking about his stepmother Camilla, Harry claimed she ‘sacrificed me on her personal PR altar’ to ‘rehabilitate her image as a villain’, after Princess Diana referred to her as the ‘third person’ in her marriage. He also alleged his father put his own interests above his children’s and didn’t hug him after telling him his mother had died in a car accident. But he described Diana as his ‘guardian angel’ and said she is with him ‘all the time’. Buckingham Palace has refused to comment on the book and there are differing reports on whether Harry will be invited to the King’s coronation in May. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.