Nine people were killed in a shooting after a festival for Chinese New Year in California. Footage posted on social media show deserted, cordoned-off streets in Monterey Park, about seven miles from downtown Los Angeles, after a man with a ‘machine gun’ opened fire. Gunshots were first heard after 10pm local time around the location of a party for Chinese Lunar New Year. Sergeant Bob Boese of the county sheriff’s department confirmed the attack took place at a business on Garvey Ave. Tens of thousands of people had attended the annual festival, scheduled to end just an hour before the attack. Seung Won Choi, owner of the Clam House, told the LA Times three people had rushed into his seafood restaurant and told him to lock the door. They told him there was a shooter with a machine gun who had multiple rounds of ammunition on him so he could reload. Mr Choi said he believes the shooting took place at a nightclub, across the street from his business, but this has not been confirmed by officials. It is unclear how many people were shot, but footage shows people being rushed to hospitals. Police have not commented on whether a suspect is in custody. ‘Our hearts go out to those who lost loved ones tonight in our neighboring city, Monterey Park, where a mass shooting just occurred,’ LA City controller Kenneth Mejia said in a tweet. Monterey Park is a city of about 60,000 people with a large Asian population. Earlier in the day, congresswoman Judy Chu had held a speech to the people at the Monterey Park Lunar Festival. She had talked about bringing back the celebration in the midst of obstacles the community went through brought on by the pandemic. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.