Alec Baldwin is set to be charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter after the tragic shooting on the set of Rust, in 2021. In 2021, the 30 Rock star accidentally discharged a gun on the set of the western movie, striking and killing cinematographer Halyna Hutchins, 42, and injuring director Joel Souza. The 64-year-old has always maintained that he did not know there was a live round in the gun, which was being used as a prop for a scene. After a lengthy investigation into the incident, New Mexico District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies confirmed that charges will be filed. Armorer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed will also be charged with two counts involuntary manslaughter. The DA’s office has said that David Halls, who served as assistant director, signed a plea agreement for the charge of negligent use of a deadly weapon. No charges will be filed regarding the non-fatal shooting of Souza. ‘After a thorough review of the evidence and the laws of the state of New Mexico, I have determined that there is sufficient evidence to file criminal charges against Alec Baldwin and other members of the Rust film crew,’ Carmack-Altwies said in a statement on Thursday. ‘On my watch, no one is above the law, and everyone deserves justice.’ According to the DA’s office, via PA, they will both be ‘charged in the alternative’ — meaning a jury will decide not only whether the two are guilty, but also under which legal definition of involuntary manslaughter. Under New Mexico law, both charges are a fourth-degree felony and are punishable by up to 18 months in jail and a $5,000 fine. But one definition would involve a firearm enhancement – or added mandatory penalty, because a firearm was involved – meaning that the crime could be punishable by a mandatory five years in jail. Baldwin has always maintained that it was an accident, but has since claimed that everyone on set ‘know exactly who is to blame’. Speaking to US journalist Chris Cuomo on the Chris Cuomo Project podcast in August, he said: ‘I know that every single person on the set of the film knows what happened, and the people who are talking loudest about what happened or speculating about what happened were not on the set of the film. ‘Everybody who was there, they know exactly what happened. They know exactly who’s to blame.’ Last October, it was confirmed that he had reached a settlement with Hutchins’ family after they filed a lawsuit accusing the Rust producers of reckless behavior and cost-cutting measures. Speaking after the lawsuit was settled, Baldwin said in a statement: ‘We are pleased to announce today the settlement of the civil case filed on behalf of the family of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. ‘Throughout this difficult process, everyone has maintained the specific desire to do what is best for Halyna’s son. ‘We are grateful to everyone who contributed to the resolution of this tragic and painful situation.’ It was also revealed that Rust filming will resume this month with Hutchins’ husband, Matthew, serving as executive producer. The original cast, which included Baldwin, Jensen Ackles and Frances Fisher, are expected to resume their roles. However, it is now unclear whether this will still be going ahead. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lewis Capaldi stops Manchester concert as fight breaks out in crowd during Hold Me While You Wait MORE : Chloe Madeley’s baby daughter taken to hospital amid sepsis fears: ‘Wow, she has been unwell’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 