Martha Stewart has raved about her complexion, insisting that her wrinkle-free glow is all down to diet, exercise and damn good facials. The 81-year-old stopped by Frederic Fekkai’s New York hair salon towards the end of the weekend and decided to snap a few photos of herself while having her tresses shampooed. Sharing a total of four ‘no filtered’ selfies, Martha insisted her skin was looking particularly good at the moment because she’d taken part in Dry January and does pilates ‘every other day’. The star puckered up for her 1.7million Instagram followers as she wrote: ‘Lying in the shampoo area of @FredericFekkai the light was perfect for a new selfie! ‘Absolutely no re-imaging! Skin looking good after a mostly dry January and I pilates @bedfordpilates every other day. By re-imaging I meant no filtering my selfie!’ Moments later, Martha shared another three snaps of herself, adding: ‘These are the other three selfies I took. My expression was better in the first one but my skin looks great in all of them.’ The businesswoman continued: ‘Un-filtered. No facelift. Great derms my whole life. Currently dr Daniel Belkin and dr Dhaval Bhanusali great diet. ‘Great exercise and did I mention amazing facials @mariobadescu for the last fourty years!’ The TV icon later showed off the results of her hair appointment while posing in a yellow dress. Spoiler alert: she looked fabulous. It comes after Martha revealed she wouldn’t turn down a date with Pete Davidson, admitting the comedian is ‘sort of cute’. She made the confession that she’d date Pete, 28, during a game of ‘red flag, yellow flag, green flag’ on the Drew Barrymore Show. Drew set up a hypothetical situation that Martha’s prospective date had ‘as many tattoos as Pete Davidson’, to which she responded with a wave of her green flag to signify she is down for that. ‘I knew it!’, Drew joked. ‘I knew it Martha, you minx. I’d have bet money in Vegas on that one,’ before asking: ‘OK, your date IS Pete Davidson?’ Martha waved her green flag again as Drew reminded her that the internet does indeed want her and Pete to go on a date together. Alluding to Pete’s past romances with Kim Kardashian, Ariana Grande, Kate Beckinsale, Margaret Qualley, Kaia Gerber and more, Martha responded: ‘I mean, he’s dated so many women… ‘I’m not saying that’s bad, I think that’s good – and he’s sort of cute. I know everybody loves him, I know him.’ Martha revealed that she had met the former Saturday Night Live star during the 2015 Comedy Central roast of Justin Bieber alongside her. She joked: ‘He was this little twerp on the Bieber roast. He was even twerpier than Bieber! Whose also very cute by the way.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emmerdale legend Kelvin Fletcher declares he will return and fans are delighted MORE : Lauren Goodger back to her ‘healthy’ self after losing 3 stone due to stress following baby Lorena’s death  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 