Sir Rod Stewart has told Sky News he will pay for 10 or 20 hospital scans after patients spoke about experiencing long waiting lists in the NHS. The 78-year-old singer-songwriter phoned into the broadcaster’s ‘your say’ segment, which covered people sharing their experience of health care, in an unscheduled appearance. The Maggie May singer said he had attended a private clinic on Thursday that was basically ’empty’ and was prompted to call the show after hearing about the ‘ridiculous’ situation in the NHS. The pop icon explained that he would like to pay for 10 or 20 scans, remarking that there are ‘people that are dying’ because they are not getting the medical treatment they need. ‘And listen to me I don’t need publicity,’ he continued. ‘I just want to do some good things and this I think is a good thing. And if other people follow me, I’d love it.’ Sir Rod was then asked what his experience of the NHS has been like, having been through two bouts of cancer. He replied: ‘Well obviously it wasn’t the NHS I went privately because I’ve got a few shillings as you know. It was tremendous. ‘But this NHS has to be rebuilt. It’s been around since 1947. It’s got to be rebuilt with billions and billions of dollars.’ On the topic of the strikes taking place among NHS workers, the Forever Young hitmaker said he empathised with nurses, telling them he was ‘on their side.’ He added: ‘They’re not asking for a great deal. I personally have been a Tory for a long time and I think the government should stand down now and give the Labour Party a go at it because this is heartbreaking for the nurses. It really is heartbreaking. ‘In all my years of living in this country, I’ve never seen it so bad, and anything I could do to help. Poor nurses, I’m on your side.’ Sir Rod also said: ‘This is a bad time for us in Great Britain, it really is. Change the bl**dy government.” He added: ‘It’s just terribly sad. I’m so proud to be British and I can’t stand it being this way.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir Rod Stewart pays touching tribute to brother Bob on day of funeral, weeks after death of oldest brother Don MORE : Sir Rod Stewart gleefully punches the air as he reveals he’s set to welcome a grandson 