Louis Tomlinson has split from his long-time girlfriend Eleanor Calder, according to reports. The One Direction star, 31, started dating Eleanor as the band rose to fame, getting together in 2011 while Eleanor, now 30, studied at Manchester university. Much to the devastation of fans, they split for the first time in 2015, shortly before 1D went on hiatus. Then, in 2016, Louis became a dad for the first time, welcoming a son named Freddie with American stylist Briana Jungwrith. He also dated American actress Danielle Campbell at the time, before they split at the start of 2017. Louis and fashion influencer Eleanor reunited later that year following the heartbreaking death of Louis’ mum, Johannah Deakin, who died from cancer at the age of 43. He and Eleanor – who was previously his mum’s maid of honour – were all loved up, with reports circulating several times that the pop star was considering proposing. Dubbed ‘Elounor’ by fans, they even got tattoos for one another, each proudly boasting an inking of the other’s initial on their hand. However, it’s believed that they’ve now called time on their on-off romance, after fans became suspicious when they seemed to spend Christmas apart and Louis did not appear in Eleanor’s 2022 round-up on Instagram. While either is yet to publicly comment on their rumoured split, it has been claimed that romance came under strain when they were forced to spend time apart due to Louis’ world tour last year. The Just Hold On hitmaker is set to hit the road once again next year, performing songs from his second solo album, Faith in the Future, to thousands of fans around the world. According to The Mirror, a third reunion with Eleanor – who boasts a mighty 3.5million Instagram followers – is not thought to be ‘off the cards’, but they have no plans to reconcile anytime soon. While the pair have remained relatively private with their relationship over the years, especially after getting back together five years ago, Louis has been known to gush about his love for Eleanor. Following the release of his debut album Walls, Louis wasn’t shy about revealing that many of the songs were about his other half, dedicating debut solo single Back To You, then fan-favourite track Always You, to her. In 2020, he was also quizzed about whether he saw himself and Eleanor walking down the aisle. During an The Sun, Louis addressed marriage rumours that were swirling around at the time. ‘I saw some of that,’ the singer admitted. ‘It isn’t true, but the luxury with Eleanor is I’ve known her since before our first single, What Makes You Beautiful, so she’s felt the whole growth of everything. ‘As I’ve got to understand it, she has too, and I have the benefit with her that we’ve seen it for what it is.’ When asked if he’d ever considered walking down the aisle with his lover, Louis said, ‘one day.’ ‘I’d imagine so. If you’re asking me if I’m going to marry her? Yes, I think so. And more kids, I’d say so,’ he admitted. Reps for Louis Tomlinson and Eleanor Calder have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Hanks has no time for people suggesting his children’s success in acting is down to nepotism MORE : Pregnant Stacey Solomon shares she’s having ‘one of the worst days’ – before Joe Swash comes to the rescue 