A man has appeared at court charged with the murder of 26-year-old Elle Edwards. The beautician was shot on Christmas Eve as she enjoyed an evening out with her sister at the Lighthouse Inn in Wirral. Connor Chapman, 22, appeared at Wirral Magistrates’ Court today charged with her murder. He was also charged with possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life, relating to a converted Scorpion sub-machine gun, and possession of ammunition with intent to endanger life. All counts were alleged to have happened on December 24 last year at the Lighthouse in Wallasey Village, Wirral. Chapman, wearing a grey tracksuit, was also charged with handling stolen goods, a Mercedes A Class car, between December 22 and 26 last year. He spoke to confirm his name, date of birth and said he was of no fixed address. The hearing, attended by a dozen members of the press, lasted about three minutes. Chapman was remanded in custody to appear at Liverpool Crown Court on Monday. Elle’s laugh could ‘light up a room’, her father Tim Edwards told a press conference last month. She is not believed to have been the intended target of the attack. He added: ‘She had this way about her that as soon as you met her, you just instantly fell in love with her, everyone that met Elle knew how special she was. ‘She was only just getting started. ‘Christmas and our family will never be the same again without her. She was the glue that held this big family together, from all of us.’ Photos from outside the Lighthouse Inn, in Wirral, had shown a number of drinks still left on tables and TVs still on inside the pub. A spokesman for the Lighthouse pub said the shooting was ‘a tragedy beyond any words’. In a statement, they said: ‘All our thoughts are with the friends and family of our customers and in particular our hearts go out to the family of our customer who has lost her life.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.