Sir Brian May has urged everyone to ‘ignore’ anything that appears on his Twitter account after he got hacked. The Queen icon, 75, was made aware that his account – which boasts 1.1million followers – had been hacked after strange tweets started appearing, encouraging fans to enter competitions. One tweet saw the hacker posing as the guitarist, claiming to be selling MacBooks for $600 (£484). Sir Brian’s account has now been made private, and he’s issued a plea to his followers after the behaviour of ‘idiots.’ ‘Hi folks, so, apparently it seems that some idiot has hacked my Twitter account,’ he told his 3.1million Instagram followers. ‘So please ignore anything that you see on my Twitter page or whatever it’s called, obviously, I’ll try and get it stopped but people just waste your time, don’t they?’, he went on. ‘It’s incredible they don’t have more useful things to do with their lives. So, whoever’s done it, well done, mate. Just brilliant. You must be so proud of yourself.’ Not making it clear what his next actions might be, Sir Brian concluded: ‘And ignore my Twitter, ok? To be honest, I’ll probably… well, we’ll see what we do. ‘God bless you all, thanks very much, and hopefully I’ll see you soon.’ The music legend then continued in his caption: ‘Please spread the word – especially if you are on Twitter. This pathetic hacker is trying to scam people into buying cheap laptops ! Please tell all your followers not to get taken in.’ ‘Can someone please tell Elon Musk ?! Thanks – BRI’, he signed off, following the Tesla founder’s takeover of the social media platform last year. Sir Brian’s sarcastic message to the hacker proves he’s still as down-to-earth as ever, despite being knighted in the New Year Honours. The Don’t Stop Me Now hitmaker, who is responsible for some of the biggest riffs in popular music, did previously admit that he now feels a new responsibility to ‘behave in a way which benefits the country and the rest of the population.’ After receiving the honour – while the likes of Chris Kamara and Rachel Riley got MBEs – the musician, astrophysicist and animal welfare advocate told the PA News Agency that the news came as a ‘shock.’ He added that he was ‘excited’ and ‘pleasantly surprised’, after being recognised for his services to music and charity. ‘I don’t think I expected it because I haven’t been conducting the kind of life which I thought would lead to a knighthood – I’ve been quite vociferous in criticising recent Governments for a start,’ he admitted. ‘So I imagined that I was on the wrong side for all that stuff. It’s a nice surprise to have this honour put upon me,’ added Sir Brian, who was previously made a CBE by the late Queen in 2005. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Julian Sands’ hiking partner ‘remaining hopeful’ of actor’s safe return as rescue mission passes two-week mark MORE : Linkin Park tease major announcement as they poke fun at themselves with Limewire virus-themed countdown 