Australian Open organisers have issued a reminder to players and their entourages about their policy on ‘inappropriate flags’ after a video emerged showing Novak Djokovic’s father posing for pictures with fans holding Russian flags. Four supporters with ‘inappropriate flags and symbols’ were questioned by Victoria Police following Wednesday’s quarter-final between Djokovic and Russia’s Andrey Rublev. A video also posted on social media showed one supporter on the steps of Rod Laver Arena holding up a Russian flag with the image of President Vladimir Putin on it. Late on Wednesday another video showed Djokovic’s father Srdjan posing for pictures with fans holding Russian flags. ‘Players and their teams have been briefed and reminded of the event policy regarding flags and symbols and to avoid any situation that has the potential to disrupt,’ Tennis Australia said in a statement on Thursday. ‘We continue to work closely with event security and law enforcement agencies.’ Russian and Belarusian flags are banned from Melbourne Park during the tournament after a complaint from the Ukraine ambassador to the country. Belarus is a key staging ground for Russia’s war in Ukraine, which Moscow terms a ‘special operation’. Photos on social media also showed one fan in the crowd during Wednesday’s match with a  ‘Z’ on his shirt. Ukrainian ambassador Vasyl Myroshnychenko expressed his disgust at their behaviour today. ‘It’s a full package. Among the Serbian flags there is a Russian flag, Putin, Z-symbol, so called Donetsk People Republic flag. It’s such a disgrace,’ he told the Herald Sun. Russian forces have used the letter ‘Z’ as an identifying symbol on their vehicles in Ukraine following the invasion. Some supporters of the invasion have also used the sign. Russian and Belarusian players were banned from Wimbledon last year but are able to compete as individual athletes without national affiliation at Melbourne Park. MORE : Novak Djokovic reacts to crushing win over Andrey Rublev and equalling Andre Agassi record MORE : Novak Djokovic hits back at critics by insisting injury isn’t fake For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 