Today, the Sun’s alignment with Jupiter could mean it’s positivity all round. Aries, you could benefit from an encounter that may leave you feeling rather optimistic. Aquarians, be on the lookout and get ready to explore new opportunities that may present themselves to you. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 24, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 A delightful Sun/Jupiter tie, could see you benefitting from an encounter that leaves you optimistic about the future. You and another may warm to each other instantly, and find you’re on the same wavelength. It’s also possible you’ll be made an offer that you can’t refuse. It sounds good and it likely is good, although it’s wise to ask a few questions to make sure, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 As the Sun aligns with Jupiter, you’ll get a sense of what to do next to reach a goal. This might see you working hard to be the very best, whether for your own reasons, to express your entrepreneurial brilliance, or because you want to showcase your work to a bigger audience. This looks to be a worthwhile pursuit as you’ll benefit from your efforts further down the line. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Positive aspects can bring out the best in you, and could coincide with a meeting that leaves you ready for fresh adventures. Romance is possible with someone who loves to seize new opportunities, and their positive and can-do attitude might be what attracts you to them. You may be ready to try something different, and if it encourages you to think out of the box, even better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Energy levels may be high over coming days, filling you with optimism and inspiring you to rethink your plans. Have you been aiming too low or sabotaging your best intentions? If so, the coming days can find you ready to think big and be more daring with your choices. This is a time when actions will speak louder than words, so don’t overthink this, just make a start, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Teamwork can make things happen faster than they might normally and the current star map supports this. Your creative input, along with the abilities of others, could see a project going from strength to strength. You may be asked to take on more than you think you can handle. If so, be bold and have a go. You’ve got nothing to lose and everything to gain by giving it your best. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 With energy levels higher than usual, you could feel a tad restless and ready for something new. A glowing opportunity might come your way today, or you may pursue one that stands out from the others and that presents a bit of a challenge. Plus, if you’ve been feeling a bit stagnant, today’s buoyant aspect encourages you to get moving and make exercise a regular habit. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You are at your creative best with a fabulous link encouraging you to put your focus on an idea, even if it requires you to learn new skills. This is not a time to dwell on past failures as the coming days are jam packed with opportunities that could enhance your life in so many ways. The connections you make may be instrumental in netting you an offer that you can’t refuse. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 It’s time to nurture a bold idea that might usher in the changes you wish to see. Writing down your intentions and visualising your outcome daily, could help build your belief that you can make it happen. And over coming weeks it may begin to fall into place. You’ll still need to do the work to make it a reality and investing in learning new skills might be a big part of this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 With a very lively focus on your sector of communication, the coming weeks can emphasise your enjoyment of networking and connecting with all kinds of people. The intellectual side of your life may be enhanced so reading and studying could empower you. A bold influence might encourage you to be outspoken though so, if you feel like saying something, do so tactfully. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A mixed blend of energies may find you forging ahead with a plan that could increase your income. To take full advantage of it Capricorn, don’t let the same old doubts prevent you from moving forward. Allow them to drift away and zero in on what you can accomplish and how good you’ll feel when it’s done. Make a start, act with confidence, and you’ll soon get there. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Excited to explore new interests or to take a step into the unknown? An energizing Sun/Jupiter aspect can be excellent for taking a different path and gaining experience with something that you are new at. And while it may seem easier to stick with what you know, another influence suggests doing so might hold you back Aquarius, while being courageous could enrich you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 A dynamic focus involving your spiritual and psychological zone might act as a catalyst, giving you a push in the right direction. Success is very reliant on your belief in yourself and a potent Sun/Jupiter aspect could inspire you to take that leap of faith. Keen to boost your income? If you have an idea that can do this for you, don’t waste it! It could help you more than you know. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 23, 2023 MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 22 to January 28, 2023 MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 22, 2023