Britney Spears has confirmed she is alright after fans worried for her well-being when she deleted Instagram last week. On January 24, the 41-year-old singer was shocked when the police turned up to her house after ‘some prank phone calls’ from concerned fans sparked a welfare check on her property. This came just after the Toxic hitmaker changed her name on the platform to River Red and her Instagram blackout began. The singer took to Twitter and said she felt the incident ‘gaslit’ and ‘bullied’ her, as the Baby One More Time hitmaker pleaded with fans to stop invading her privacy. Now the star has spoken out again in a lengthy series of Tweets accompanied by a compilation video of her in a gym striking various poses. ‘Yep, that’s me … I’m alive and well,’ the pop icon wrote. ‘I shut down my Instagram because there were too many people saying I looked like an idiot dancing and that I looked crazy. Honestly I was doing my best but it disturbed me to see people freely talk about it on TV … yep it hurt my feelings.’ The star said she is ‘sensitive’ while joking that she’d rather take a break from social media and go on her ‘ice cream diet’. Britney also referred to the police turning up to her house again, saying the people who sent them aren’t her ‘real’ fans. The singer went on to tell an anecdote of how some ‘loud’ drunk girls stinking of booze came up to her at a restaurant and ‘got right in [her] face’ and she told them to ‘please get the f*** away from [her]’. ‘I woke up and spoke up for myself … can you believe it ???’ she said. ‘Honestly I couldn’t either … so with that said, please again know I’m doing the best I can …’ She finished the thread with some comforting words: ‘l’m alive, fine, healthy, and ready to start a new day – a new morning anew !!! To my real fans, God bless you’ [sic]. The statement comes almost a fortnight after the star was spotted in an LA restaurant, with reports claiming she had a ‘meltdown.’ The mum-of-two addressed the incident with a cartoon image of a little girl pouring syrup on pancakes, alongside the caption which claimed she was ‘a little drunk’. Britney was dining out with her husband Sam Asghari, 28, when fans tried to take photos with her. Sam apparently left the restaurant after Britney reacted to the prying fans by ‘yelling’ and ‘talking gibberish’. The Circus singer tried to explain the episode on social media afterwards in a hectic post where she compared herself in the restaurant to Shrek and suggested she was once again under surveillance. Britney’s controversial conservatorship, in which her’ father controlled her personal and financial affairs for 13 years, ended in 2022. Seven months later Britney and Sam tied the knot, and since the actor has  addressed speculation he ‘controls’ his wife. When asked about it by TMZ, Sam replied: ‘I don’t even control what we have for dinner.’ ‘In the past, there has been a lot of stuff going on so I understand where [some fans are] coming from. They’re just being protective. If anything they’re being good fans.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears says ‘privacy was invaded’ as she speaks out after fans ‘call police for welfare check’: ‘This felt like I was being gaslit and bullied’ MORE : Britney Spears ‘angry and annoyed’ after concerned fans ‘call police to her house’ for welfare check  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 