Frank Leboeuf has accused Kai Havertz, Mason Mount and Jorginho of ‘disrespecting’ Chelsea supporters with their performance in the 4-0 defeat to Manchester City in the FA Cup on Sunday. Chelsea crashed out of the FA Cup third round for the first time in 25 years as Pep Guardiola’s men eased to a comfortable victory at the Etihad Stadium. Graham Potter’s side have now been beaten six times in their last 10 games, and against City they registered just one shot on target during Sunday’s match. Leboeuf, who made over 200 appearances for Chelsea during his five-year spell at Stamford Bridge, slammed the performance at the Etihad Stadium and believes Potter’s senior players let the team down. ‘Shameful, really shameful,’ Leboeuf told ESPN FC at half time with Chelsea trailing by three goals. ‘I’ve never seen Chelsea so low in terms of willing, they don’t have the will, they don’t have the guts, they don’t have the courage to fight for the colours, they don’t have pride. ‘I see players prove nothing, they show disrespect towards the fans and the club. ‘I’m talking about the leaders, so-called leaders, I’m not talking about Hall, Chalobah or Humphreys, I’m talking about the players who form the spine, they are shameful, they do nothing. ‘I don’t know what Kai Havertz is doing, he’ll be on record for scoring in the Champions League final, but what else? ‘Mason, yes, I love him, he’s a guy from the club, but come on, he has to do something. ‘I’m not even going to talk about Jorginho. I don’t know what Jorginho is still doing on the field. ‘I’m very upset with what I’ve seen. I think it’s really disrespectful, they don’t do anything to make sure at least people will be proud. ‘Enough is enough, something has to be changed. It’s not the club I know, it’s not the club fighting for Europe and being a champion of Europe, they’re so far away from that right now.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 