*Spoilers for Happy Valley series 3, episode 5* Happy Valley will finally draw to a close after three series with a special extended episode next Sunday, treating fans to some extra nail-biting action. The sixth episode of the final series will last 70 minutes, 10 minutes longer than its customary hour, in order for no-nonsense cop Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) and co to wrap things up. The hit TV show returned after a seven-year break on New Year’s Day, picking up once more on the story of Catherine and her arch-nemesis, criminal Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton), who is the father of her grandson, Ryan (Rhys Connah). It’s already been revealed that the cast have filmed multiple endings to the TV drama, meaning no one knows exactly how the gripping series will end just yet. Amit Shah, who plays drug-dealing pharmacist Faisal, shared that he hasn’t a clue how the storyline for his character wraps up, given that he shot a variety of different scenes. ‘I still don’t know how it all ends up for him because we filmed the final scenes in various different ways,’ he told the Obsessed with… Happy Valley podcast. Lancashire and Norton were given scripts for the finale before the other cast members and sworn to secrecy until everyone else had read it too. ‘Everyone I’ve spoken to who has read it is like, “phew”,’ Norton told the BBC of his reaction to the final episode. ‘It’s just great. It’s Sally [Wainwright, writer] letting rip in her wonderful way. Going against expectation, but also giving you what you want. I loved reading it.’ He added: ‘There’s also a little bit of melancholy tinge there because it’s the end of a very significant chapter for everyone.’ Sunday’s episode saw Tommy having successfully evaded the police and in hiding, while Catherine, Clare (Siobhan Finneran) and Neil (Con O’Neill) are staying at a pal’s house, in an attempt to stay out of harm’s way. However, although Ryan has learned more about his father’s evil crimes, thanks to a blistering monologue from victim and police officer Ann Gallagher, he still seems reluctant to believe he is a monster, entertaining the idea of fleeing to Spain with him. Tommy has also made his intentions to kill Catherine clear, despite warnings from criminal mastermind and accomplice Darius Knezevic (Alec Secareanu) not to, setting the stage for a dramatic showdown. Happy Valley concludes at 9pm on BBC One on Sunday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Last of Us episode 3 ending explained as director opens up on meaning of the window MORE : Tearful Paul Burrell, 64, reveals he has prostate cancer and gives update on hormone therapy treatment 