Andrew Tate and his brother Tristan will remain in the custody of Romanian police for an additional month after a ruling by a local court. The pair are being investigated over allegations of sexual assault and exploitation and were previously due to be released no more than 30 days after their arrest on December 29. But a judge has ruled they can be kept in prison for a further 30 days while police continue to build their case. The reasons for the extension were due to be published as part of a written statement later on Friday. It’s the second time the Tates’ detention has been extended, after a judge previously ruled it could be lengthened from the initial 24 hours to 30 days. The brothers lost an appeal last week against the first extension after a judge ruled there was a substantial risk they could ‘evade investgiations’ and ‘leave Romania and settle in countries that do not allow extradition’. Local authorities claim they form part of an organised crime group which forced women to create pornographic content as ‘webcam models’. Andrew Tate, a former kickboxer, has gained millions of mostly young and male followers online after pumping out videos expressing views he openly accepts are ‘sexist’ and ‘misogynstic’. The 36-year-old moved to the Romanian capital of Bucharest in 2017, later claiming he believed he was less likely to face rape charges there. In one video posted on  social media, he explained: ‘One of [my reasons] is the #MeToo era. People say: “‘”Oh you are a rapist”‘”. No, I am not a rapist, but I like the idea of being able to do what I want, I like being free.’ ‘If she goes to the [Romanian] police and says: “‘”He raped me yesterday”‘”, they’ll say, okay, do you have evidence? Is there CCTV proof?’ Andrew Tate was banned from Instagram, Facebook, TikTok and YouTube last year for violating their community guidelines. Speaking to the BBC before their latest hearing, lawyers for the Tate brothers claimed prosecutors had not presented any new evidence in their application to extend the detention period and were ‘optimistic’ that it would be denied. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.