This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. This week, Aldi’s middle aisles are packed with items to revamp your home on a budget. From furniture to home decor accessories, here are our favourite buys. If you’re short on space, this slimline unit provides storage for shoes and coats. The mirror can also help a narrow room feel less cramped, as the light reflects and creates the illusion that it’s bigger than it is. Buy for £39.99 on the Aldi website now. Available in three shades of grey or white, these rugs can brighten up any space. With a suede backing and a deep pile, your home will feel cosier in no time. Buy for £24.99 on the Aldi website now. Got guests coming round? This air bed is just the thing, with an internal support system and a frame with added stability. It inflates in as little as four minutes with a built-in AC pump, and comes with a repair patch and storage bag. Buy for £49.99 on the Aldi website now. If you liked Laura Mercier’s bath honey, you’ll love this affordable alternative. With sweet almond oil, provitamin B5 and honey, it smells great and moisturises your skin while you soak. Buy for £5.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : This is how much you should actually be spending on wedding gifts MORE : Former US Navy sailor is searching for Hull woman he fell for 40 years ago