A gunman has killed seven people in a shooting near a synagogue in east Jerusalem. It marks one of the deadliest attacks on Israelis in years, according to the country’s national rescue service. Five others have been injured in the attack, which took place in the Jewish neighbourhood of Neve Yaakov. A 70-year-old woman remains in critical condition and a 14-year-old boy is in a serious condition. Police said the gunman was ‘neutralised’, a term that typically means he was killed. Armed officers remain on the scene. Foreign Secretary James Cleverly has described the attack as ‘appalling.’ He tweeted: ‘Appalling reports of a terror attack in Neve Yaakov this evening. ‘To attack worshippers at a synagogue on Holocaust Memorial Day, and during Shabbat, is horrific. ‘We stand with our Israeli friends.’ Israeli rescue service Mada confirmed five deaths and said five more were wounded. The killings took place a day after Israeli troops killed nine Palestinians in the deadliest West Bank raid in years. Clashes elsewhere left a 10th dead. Gaza militants had then fired rockets and Israel carried out air strikes overnight, but the exchange was limited, following a familiar pattern that allows both sides to respond without leading to a major flare-up. Israel’s defence minister instructed the military to prepare for new strikes in the Gaza Strip ‘if necessary’ – also appearing to leave open the possibility that violence would subside. At the funeral of a 22-year-old killed on Thursday, crowds of Palestinians waved the flags of Fatah, the party that controls the Palestinian Authority, and militant Hamas, which rules Gaza. Tensions have soared since Israel stepped up raids in the West Bank last spring, following a series of Palestinian attacks. Jenin, which was an important militant stronghold during the 2000-05 intifada and has again emerged as one, has been the focus of many of the Israeli operations. Among the dead in Thursday’s raid were seven militants and a 61-year-old woman. Nearly 150 Palestinians were killed in the West Bank and east Jerusalem last year, making 2022 the deadliest in those territories since 2004, according to Israeli rights group B’Tselem. Last year, 30 people were killed in Palestinian attacks against Israelis. So far this year, 30 Palestinians have been killed, according to a count by the Associated Press. Israel says most of the dead were militants, but youths protesting against the incursions and others not involved in the confrontations also have been killed. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.