Katie Price has given the biggest hint that she’s back with her ex Carl Woods, with the on/off couple appearing to spend time together this weekend. The former glamour model, 44, split from the car dealer, 33, in November after more than two years together. Carl confirmed the break-up and accused Katie of cheating on him while claiming he was done with their relationship for good. However, Katie was pictured wearing her engagement ring earlier this month and has now only fuelled the reconciliation rumours with a subtle Instagram post. On Sunday, the My Crazy Life star shared a photo of her dinner plate while enjoying a roast at Pollyanna’s Kitchen in Sussex. ‘Beautiful [roast] dinner by @pollyannaskitchen and enjoying friends and family time,’ she wrote alongside the photo. However, she later reposted the image with Carl quite clearly tagged, suggesting she was spending her Sunday with the former Love Island star. Earlier in January, Katie shared a snap of her wearing a very sparkly accessory on her ring finger, with many speculating it was the engagement band given to her by Carl when he proposed in April 2021. The mum-of-five’s reps later confirmed to Metro.co.uk that it was an old photo from the archives. Katie and Carl began dating in June 2020 and their recent split has been just as tumultuous as the relationship. When announcing their separation two months ago, Carl spoke to his followers in an Instagram video accusing Katie of cheating on him. He said: ‘So, there’s no easy way for me to say this and to be honest with you, it’s quite embarrassing. ‘But me and Katie are not together anymore. I found out yesterday that Katie cheated on me. She’s admitted that she cheated on me. She slept with somebody else.’ However, it’s possible that Katie is very much single at the moment as she recently swore off dating. ‘I’m exhausted with relationships to the point I don’t need a man or their validation. When and if I find love again it’s going to be a very long tick box to what I want,’ she said. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Katie’s rep for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 