The government has confirmed it will soon set out plans for a new law protecting ‘everyone’ from conversion therapy – including transgender people. A draft bill will be published ‘shortly’ detailing a proposed approach to make the ‘abhorrent practice’ illegal on the basis of sexuality and gender identity in England and Wales. It’s expected to cover over-18s ‘who do not consent and who are coerced or forced to undergo’ the practices. Michelle Donelan, Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, said today: ‘We are committed to protecting people from these practices and making sure they can live their lives free from the threat of harm or abuse.’ The draft bill will be scrutinised to help ensure the legislation does not cause ‘unintended consequences’ like ‘criminalising parents and clinicians’. Campaigners still have concerns on whether the upcoming legislation will involve loopholes on religious practices and conversion therapy that someone has ‘consented’ to. The LGBTQ+ community has waited years for a ban on conversion therapy, first promised by Theresa May back in 2018. Boris Johnson’s government tried to quietly drop the ban altogether and then quickly U-turned amid widespread outrage. But the former prime minister was warned he would have ‘blood on his hands’ after transgender people were to be excluded. At the time, the government said it was due to ‘complexity of issues and need for further careful thought’. In a furious response, thousands of protesters took to the streets and critics told ministers to stop making ‘pathetic excuses’. So many LGBTQ+ groups pulled out of the government’s landmark LGBT conference that it had to be cancelled. In her statement on Tuesday, Ms Donelan said: ‘We recognise the strength of feeling on the issue of harmful conversion practices and remain committed to protecting people from these practices and making sure they can live their lives free from the threat of harm or abuse.’ She added that it is right the issue is tackled ‘through a dedicated and tailored legislative approach’. ‘The Bill will protect everyone, including those targeted on the basis of their sexuality, or being transgender’, she promised. But she added: ‘The legislation must not – through a lack of clarity – harm the growing number of children and young adults experiencing gender-related distress through inadvertently criminalising or chilling legitimate conversations parents or clinicians may have with their children.’ Senior Tory MP Alicia Kearns, who has long campaigned on the issue, said she was glad the ban was ‘finally happening’. ‘We have a timeline, we know it’s going to be a fully inclusive ban and I am really delighted, because it is right that we end this heinous crime that allows charlatans and quacks to prey on some of the most vulnerable members of our society’, she said in a video posted on Twitter. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.