Alison Hammond has revealed she’s thinking about applying for Love Island’s middle-aged spin-off series, The Romance Retreat. ITV have officially announced that it’s time for people who are 40 plus to start ‘cracking on’ as the network contestants start grafting in a luxurious pad. The reboot, which is looking for single parents to start applying, will adhere to Love Island’s usual structure, however, it’s not been confirmed whether a cash prize will be at stake. And it seems This Morning host Alison could be keen to find love on the reality show. Chatting to Dermot O’Leary, Carol Vorderman and Gyles Brandreth on Friday’s episode, she began: ‘I think I would enter you know, but the only thing is, your child has to nominate you to go into it.’ Gyles replied: ‘Well, rather sweetly, my grandchildren have nominated me to go into it.’ ‘The closing date is the 31st March, we’ve had the email back saying grandchildren cannot nominate you, you’re too old,’ he joked, adding that his children were too ’embarrassed’ to nominate him’. Dermot joked that perhaps Gyles’ wife, with whom he’s about to celebrate his 50th wedding anniversary, nominated him instead. Alison continued: ‘I’m so happy about this,’ saying: ‘It’s going to be amazing, so much more interesting.’ ‘I’m totally eligible,’ she added. The casting call for the new series reads: ‘ITV1 are looking for vibrant single parents from across the UK who are in search of love, for a brand new dating show! ‘This is the ONLY dating show where single parents can search for love, by spending time in a luxury retreat, where all the parents have been nominated by their grown up children.’ Alison’s comments come after ex-islander Tasha Ghouri urged her dad Tarek to apply, after she found love with Andrew Le Paige, and made it all the way to the final, on the last series. Retweeting an article announcing the news, Tasha wrote: ‘Dad this is your moment to shine… The entertainment joker king x’. The advert also teased a first look at the villa that will potentially feature in the upcoming series. The boujee building – which showcases a glass balcony- is centered in the middle of a sprawling garden. This comes after former Big Brother presenter Davina McCall recently threw her name in the ring to host. ‘I’m literally begging ITV to let me present mid-life Love Island. I could fill a villa in Love Island with the best back stories you have ever heard in your life,’ the 55-year-old told Steven Bartlett on his Diary of a CEO podcast. She enthusiastically added: ‘They’ve lived a life! They’re widows, they’re people who have been through horrific divorces, they’re people who have split up with somebody and decided they want to try to go out with somebody the same sex as them. ‘They’re interesting people! I’d watch that show.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spin-off featuring middle aged contestants finally announced by ITV MORE : ‘I’m just this girl from a council estate in Birmingham’ – how Alison Hammond went from Big Brother to TV’s national treasure 