Love Island 2023 star Will Young has been defended by his parents after receiving death threats over his farming videos. Will is set to enter the villa for this year’s winter series, which sees Maya Jama take over as host from Laura Whitmore, alongside make-up artist Lana Jenkins and the villa’s first ever partially sighted contestant Ron Hall. The 23-year-old is already known to millions of fans for his vlogs of his daily life on a Buckinghamshire farm, however, he’s since drawn some bcklash. Will shares content of himself sheering sheep, rescuing animals from muddy puddles, sowing seeds, and building pig pens – all while shirtless and bronzed from his outdoorsy lifestyle. In one of his recent videos, he filmed himself helping prolapsed sheep on the family farm, and another clip saw him helping a sheep give birth after the head and hooves got stuck. According to reports, animal rights organisation Peta have shared the content in question writing: ‘This farmer is a disgusting creep. He’s dancing over her body as she gives birth.’ And now his parents have stepped in over the trolling the farmer has received. Proud mum Jenny called Will ‘one of the most caring men you could ever meet,’ saying that the trolls attacking his vlogs are ‘completely wrong.’ She told Mail Online: ‘Will is a lovely, caring, young man. What people don’t realise is that he has had animals as family pets. ‘He once kept a lamb in the house for the first three weeks of its life and it slept in the dogs’ basket. ‘Those people making all those nasty comments are completely wrong. He is such a caring person.’ Will’s dad Andrew added to the publication:  ‘He would never trivialise something as important as lambing. People have taken the video completely the wrong way. ‘He is a modern generation farmer. I may not approve of all the videos but he knows what he is doing and has built up a big following. ‘He is simply showing what life is like working on a farm. That is the reality of being a sheep farmer.’ Will has previously addressed the death threats he had received over a video which saw him helping a sheep give birth after the head and hooves got stuck. Addressing the vivid nature of the content, he told Financial Times: ‘It was just two hooves and a head, pull it out, job done. I’d never have got the camera out for a situation I wasn’t in control of.’ Love Island returns on Monday, January 16 at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Chyna Mills ditches long hair for short crop after big chop – and it looks amazing MORE : Love Island 2023 star Tanya Manhenga talks dream of becoming embryologist after finishing degree: ‘It’s the most rewarding job to me’ 