Zoe Ball was replaced last minute by Vernon Kay on her BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show on Monday. The veteran DJ, 52, normally heads up the popular breakfast slot between 6.30am and 9.30am but was noticeably absent when the week kicked off. Zoe explained she’d fallen ill and confirmed Vernon would be ‘looking after’ listeners while she recuperates. Taking to Twitter on Monday, Zoe told her 400,000 followers: ‘So I’ve got covid…’ She added alongside a photo of herself, Vernon and Rylan: ‘But good news is ya man @vernonkay is looking after y’all @BBCRadio2.’ Vernon, 48, also confirmed he’d be filling in for Zoe on social media and jokingly urged her to get better soon, admitting he’s struggling with the 5am wake ups. ‘Couple of mornings on @BBCRadio2 coming up!! Get well quickly @ZoeTheBall 5am wake up’s play havoc with the eye bags!! See you tomorrow from 6.30AM,’ the presenter tweeted. Zoe also left listeners wondering about her whereabouts in April when her colleague Richie Anderson was forced to step in at the last minute. The doting mum eventually made it onto the show around half an hour late, but sparked concern when Richie announced that she had left before the end of the slot. It turned out Zoe had blown a tyre on the way to the studios and the incident left her shaken. Taking to Twitter, Zoe addressed her absence, telling fans: ‘Apologies for this morning gang, tyre went on the way in to work. ‘I was so keen not miss the show, dashed in and hadn’t quite realised the effect it’d had on me. ‘I’m okay. Thanks for the lovely messages. Big thanks to Richie and Ken for stepping in. Will be back tomorrow xx.’ At the time, Richie informed listeners that his colleague had returned home as she wasn’t feeling well, leading the way for the last segment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Niall Horan, The 1975 and Lewis Capaldi confirmed on line-up for Radio 1’s Big Weekend in Dundee MORE : Martha Stewart, 81, raves about her ‘facelift-free’ complexion in glowing series of selfies: ‘No filter!’ 