The world’s first brick-and-mortar museum dedicated to vaginas, vulvas and the female anatomy is set to close. The Vagina Museum, in Bethnal Green, east London, will have to find a new home after receiving a notice to vacate its site. It started off as a series of pop-up events in 2017 and opened its doors in 2019 with premises in Camden Market. A spokesperson for the museum told Metro.co.uk: ‘When we announced we’d been asked to leave, the general public reaction was one of sadness and loss. ‘As a property guardianship, we’ve always known it was possible that our landlords would ask us to leave at very short notice. ‘It’s disappointing that it came so soon and so suddenly. While we’re sad about having to leave, we’re blown away by the kindness and support of the community rallying around us with offers of help and support.’ The museum reopened in Bethnal Green last March and since opening has attracted more than 40,000 visitors. It will open to the public for the last time tomorrow. The museum will ‘continue to operate in the digital world’ while they search for a new home, according to a spokesperson. They said: ‘In the ten months we were in Bethnal Green, we’ve welcomed 40,000 visitors through the doors. Many of them came to the area specifically to visit the Vagina Museum, some from all over the world. ‘We’ve played a role, together with ENTER, the collective with whom we shared the premises, in transforming one of London’s many empty and unused buildings into a vibrant centre of culture.’ Anyone with a vacant space has been urged to get in contact with the museum. The spokesperson continued: ‘To save the Vagina Museum, we need two things: a building, and the money to stay afloat while we’re between homes. As a small, grassroots museum, a donation of any size truly goes a long way and means the world to us. ‘We’re not saying if we reopen, we’re saying when we reopen. When we reopen, you can expect more exhibitions, more events, and yet more exciting and educational work.’ People wishing to make a donation can do so here – Donate — Vagina Museum. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.