This is Ever More, the baby who’s probably cooler than you. Ever More’s mum Reby Hardy, 36, has decorated the tot’s nursery in black and dresses the youngster in dark Victorian clothing. As a result, fans online have said the little girl is like a ‘miniature Wednesday Addams’. Reby gave birth to Ever More in July 2021 and says she was inspired to style her ‘gothic baby’ after purchasing a Victorian cot on Facebook Marketplace. The content creator ended up opting against a typical pink theme when decorating her daughter’s nursery. Instead, she was inspired by a darker Neo-Victorian style, so she painted the walls black and included the 1894 cot. Reby, from Cameron, North Carolina, US, said: ‘People have a misconception that I designed everything around the new Wednesday programme on Netflix, but her room and name were set years before they began production. ‘There are definitely style elements inspired by the Addams family, people say Ever More is a miniature Wednesday Addams. ‘There are nods to it in her nursery decor – like the original Addams family mansion replica on her mantel and a picture of her brother dressed up as baby Pubert. ‘When I got pregnant, she was my first girl after three boys. ‘I could have gone all pink and extreme, but I wanted something more different and unique. ‘The rest of the house is in a Neo-Victorian style and is really rich and opulent, and it all started with an antique 1864 crib from Facebook Marketplace.’ The cot cost $375 (£307.03), but the family paid a carpenter to ensure it lives up to modern-day safety standards. After having three boys – Maxel, seven, Wolfgang, five, and Bartholomew, three – with husband, Matt Hardy, 48, a wrestler, Reby said she was ‘petrified’ about having a girl for the first time.’ She said: ‘I was convinced I was having a boy and I was terrified. I cried for a week – I didn’t know what I would do with a girl.’ Reby gave birth to Ever More outside in her pool house during a thunderstorm on July 11 2021, and soon overcame her fears and embraced having a daughter. ‘She is the joy of my life, I’m so happy she is here,’ Reby said. ‘Because she was a summer baby, I thought let’s do [the birth] outside in the wild. ‘She was born outdoors during a thunderstorm. Every time I had a contraction, it would thunder. ‘It was the most crazy, primal experience. It even stopped raining when she arrived. It was very on-brand for a gothic baby.’ The parents had debated many other unconventional names for their other three children – such as Excalibur, Sterling, Fox, Marquise, October, Quest, Linc, Aurelio and Mars – and Reby had wanted to give her daughter a name to match the family’s style. Reby said: ‘I suppose her name is gothic. Our name for a girl was always Ever but the More part is an Edgar Allen Poe reference. ‘My husband’s mum died when he was really young and her name was Ruby More, so we wanted to use her maiden name.’ Reby is from New York, US, where she says ‘going against the status-quo is expected and originality is embraced’. She added: ‘I grew up in Queens and I never thought twice about being different. I grew up in a gothic house with a lot of antiques. It was a Baroque style there was a lot of carved wood. ‘When I got pregnant for the first time, we started adding to the house and I did it with a kid’s mindset. ‘One room is Minecraft-themed, and another is a pink Barbie closet. ‘The playroom has a secret revolving door with a fireman’s pole into the movie theatre.’ On Ever More’s style, Reby dresses her one-year-old daughter in lots of old-fashioned lace and ruffles. She added: ‘It’s super girlie but not in a Barbie pink kind of way. ‘The kids all have their own unique looks and aesthetics. People say we’re the modern-day Addam’s family. ‘My eldest, Maxel, has hair down to his waist and Wolfgang loves bright colours – he always dyes his hair blue and burgundy. ‘We’re a different family and we home-school the kids and teach them to never judge someone on what they look like. ‘We want them to live how they want and go against societal gender roles.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Katie Piper sparks Ofcom complaints after reaction to ‘goth baby’ on Loose Women MORE : Incredible photos show thousands descending on Whitby for Goth Weekend MORE : Jenna Ortega is all for Lady Gaga joining cast of Wednesday season 2 after pop icon joined in viral TikTok dance trend