A woman with royal connections is looking to reclaim the word ‘bimbo’ as she continues her transformation into a human Barbie doll. Dolly, 29, grew up in a very nontraditional, ‘strict’ and regimented household which left her feeling ‘oppressed’ with ‘very structured days’ and social life with her friends chosen for her, and other experiences limited by her family’s lifestyle. ‘The plan for me was to get married to maybe a wealthy landowner or maybe someone in the family circle, and have lots of babies,’ she told This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby. She added: ‘I think retreating and going to my imagination, I had a lot of Barbies. It kind of started from there and that’s how I started celebrating who I really was and what I wanted to be.’ Although she’d asked Holly and Phil not to go into details on her Royal Family link, Phil noted it’s ‘historic’ and goes back in time. She decided to move to London and met lots of different kinds of people, and decided to change her image to match her feelings inside, first starting with breast surgery and then lip fillers with plans to grow her bust even further. ‘My first surgery was 520CCs, I’m now at 1,010, hoping to go up to 2,000 and we’ll see from there. Lip fillers, I’m still growing my lips, I really like the ultra-pouty [look],’ she explained, noting she is open to taking a rib out too. Holly and Phil made sure to mention health concerns, with ribs being there to protect the internal organs, but Dolly is still keen to look into the procedure. ‘It’s something that interests me, to get the really super narrow, Barbie hourglass waist,’ she said. ‘It’s what I desire, it’s what I want to do.’ She has no contact with her family now, and she admitted that was down to ‘many reasons’, with one of those being that they ‘don’t approve’ of the decisions she has made. She added: ‘I should be able to live my life how I choose, and hope that the people around me will celebrate me for me. As long as you’re good, you’re kind, you care about others, I don’t see what that would be so demonised.’ Part of the transformation has been embracing the ‘bimbo’ label, which she insisted is an ‘ultra-feminine’ and empowering term about embracing ‘your sexuality’. ‘I think the dictionary definition is very much slang, it’s very derogatory. it’s a real shame and I think that we live in a world where we should be more accepting and more celebratory of people’s identities,’ she said, claiming people should look at ‘bimbo’ in the same way they do ‘goth’. Dolly wants to become more plastic than human, and she explained she is currently ‘still very much in the infancy of that side’. Asked to what extent she’ll push things, she said: ‘We’ll see… I’m sure there’s some sort of ratio, quantity of silicone to flesh, I’m not sure! It’s just a feeling. And I want to explore that plastic identity and express myself how I’ve always wanted to. You only live once!’ This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : First trailer for Greta Gerwig’s Barbie is glorious 2001: A Space Odyssey spoof we never knew we needed MORE : From Barbiecore to the Queen’s favourite bloom, here are the flower trends for 2023 