Brits are now paying for their very own personalised rockets for Ukrainian soldiers to fire at the enemy. A fundraising drive called Sign My Rocket was launched last summer by Ukrainian student Anton Sokolenko, and has already raised £1 million for the war effort. Paying customers can even choose their own weapon, including a MiG-29 fighter jet, with a sliding scale of prices. Soldiers will then write the personalised messages onto the chosen weapon, and send buyers a photo or video as proof. Mr Sokolenko said there have been almost 200 orders from Britain alone. One message reads, ‘London says hi,’ while another oddly pays tribute to the late Queen, saying: ‘Rest in Peace Queen Elizabeth II 1926-2022.’ Another puts it more bluntly: ‘My Dogs Luke and Leah P*** and S*** on Putin’s Face,’ the Daily Mail reports. State leaders have also sponsored weapons, including the former assistant head of Finland’s military intelligence Martti Kari. He wrote on his rocket: ‘Merry Christmas from the Kari family!’ One of Finland’s most acclaimed writers, Sofi Oksanen, also purchased some rocket shells destined for Russian troops. She tweeted proudly: ‘This year the money I would have spent on fireworks went to this kind of rocket to defend Ukraine from Russian aggression.’ It is certainly not the first time the West has enjoyed sending personalised bombs to the enemy. A bomb destined for Isis had ‘Love From Manchester’ scrawled across it in a black marker. During the Second World War, the idea to put messages on bombs became very popular, particularly among American aircrews, who wrote ‘Happy Easter’ to Adolph Hitler. During the Falklands war, The Sun newspaper ran a front-page image of a British missile they had sponsored, promising to pay for HMS Invincible’s victory party. But not everyone found it amusing, with sailors on board the war ship saying they felt appalled, and war correspondents reported men in the task force calling it a ‘sick thing to do’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.