The chancellor has dismissed claims HS2 might not run all the way to central London. Jeremy Hunt said he could not see ‘any conceivable circumstances’ in which its flagship rail project failed to terminate at its planned terminus in the heart of the capital at Euston station. He was challenged after a speech on Friday morning over a report that trains may terminate at a west London station instead. According to The Sun, bosses are weighing up delaying the Euston terminus until 2038 or scrapping it completely. The suggested scaling-back would mean the new lines from Birmingham, Manchester and Leeds stop at a new hub in Old Oak Common, five miles away from Euston. Passengers would have to change onto the new Elizabeth line to get in to central London. Asked whether ministers were committed to HS2 going ‘all the way to Euston’, Mr Hunt told BBC News: ‘Yes we are. ‘And I don’t see any conceivable circumstances in which that would not end up at Euston. ‘And indeed I prioritised HS2 in the autumn statement. ‘We have not got a good record in this country of delivering complex, expensive infrastructure quickly, but I’m incredibly proud that, for the first time in this last decade, under a Conservative government, we have shovels in the ground building HS2 and we’re going to make it happen.’ The report also suggested the entire project may be delayed again by two to five years. Henri Murison, chief executive of the Northern Powerhouse Partnership, said the government should prioritise a central terminus for the rail line. He told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: ‘I believe Manchester will still get its line but my argument would be, I’m interested in what’s right for the whole of the UK. ‘And actually, even for the north of England, not going to Euston has a number of significant disadvantages. ‘Because actually people in the north of England, people in Birmingham will want to get access to central London – that’s what they currently have through the normal mainline network. ‘And so, for conventional services, we do have access right into central London, the same way Piccadilly station is right in the centre of Manchester. ‘You do need these stations to be centrally located.’ But Labour peer Lord Berkeley, who was deputy chair of a government-commissioned review into HS2 in 2019, called for the entire project to be scrapped. ‘The alternative in the news this morning is using Old Oak Common as a terminal station, which would work for half the number of trains that they want with a bit of redesign, but it wouldn’t do the lot,’ he said. ‘There’s not enough space for it so they couldn’t do it except maybe a shuttle service from Birmingham. ‘What’s the point of building HS2 just to get to Birmingham? ‘I think the whole thing should be cancelled.’ Money would be ‘much better spent on improving the railway lines in the North, East and West, than going to London a bit quicker’, Lord Berkeley added. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.