Jasmine Chiswell has built up an eye-watering 16.4million TikTok followers by impersonating Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe. But it’s not Jasmine’s spot-on impressions of the late star that’s landed her in headlines this month – it’s the fact that her one-year-old son bit off her nipple while she was breastfeeding him. Jasmine, 29, revealed earlier in January that Midnight, her and her husband Maverick McNeilly’s adorable little boy, left her nipple ‘hanging off’ after biting it, leaving her ‘in shock’. Earlier this month, the doting mum told her followers: ‘I have been breastfeeding my baby for almost a year. ‘He currently has eight teeth. Here is where the story gets wild.’ She went on: ‘Has he ever tried to bite me before? Yup – but not like this. I was breastfeeding him like normal late at night – I wanted to point this out – and he bit down on my nipple literally with all of his teeth and pulls.’ The social media star added: ‘Not gonna lie my pain tolerance is quite high now that I’ve had a baby. ‘But me being me I just thought the pain was coming from a usual bite, so I went back to sleep. When I woke up in the morning my husband got a fright. He saw that my shirt was covered in blood, which in turn terrified me.’ ‘I kid you not my nipple was hanging off. I instantly screamed,’ Jasmine further shared. ‘I put a bandage on it and an ice pack and apparently it will stick itself back together.’ Three days later, Jasmine shared an update, telling her fans: ‘So last week my baby bit off my nipple. ‘Basically, I got told it will stick itself back together so I kid you not they were not lying. Is it bruising? Yes. Is it crusty? Yes. But it stuck together!’ She captioned that post: ‘Nipple falling off update… I’m In shock right now!’ According to the national charity for pregnancy, birth and early parenthood (NCT), there are different reasons why babies might bite when feeding. It could be in response to a position change or to try and stop the flow of milk. Older babies and toddlers sometimes bite down in similar fashion to the way they mouth toys. Sometimes, babies’ teeth can press down because of how they’ve attached to the breast, which doesn’t mean they’re actually biting down as such. If your nipple is damaged when breastfeeding, the NCT recommends resting the damaged breast by only feeding on one side for a while. Jasmine, who is originally from Scotland, actually lives in the very house Marilyn once resided in, having previously revealed she visited the property after meeting her husband in LA. The TikTok star explained that the house still has most of the original features from when Marilyn lived there and that the only thing that has been changed is the kitchen. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Elvis star Austin Butler sombre in black at Critics’ Choice Awards days after Lisa Marie Presley’s death MORE : Kim Kardashian held mega Hello Kitty-themed party for Chicago’s 5th birthday and turned her beige mansion bright pink  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 