Kanye West’s reported visit to Australia has been heavily criticised by the government minister. In October last year, the 45-year-old rapper was embroiled in controversy when he made antisemitic remarks, after he tweeting: ‘When I wake up I’m going death con 3 On JEWISH PEOPLE,’ before he was temporarily banned from the social media platform. In December 2022, the Jesus Walks musician made headlines when he was suspended from Twitter for a second time, shortly after his controversial return to the platform. According to multiple reports, he shared a photo to the site of a Star of David, a symbol of Judaism, merged with a swastika. On Friday January 13, it was reported that Ye and girlfriend Bianca Censori, 27, tied the knot, and the producer is believed to be heading Down Under to meet his beloved bride’s family. Chairman of the Anti-Defamation Commission Dvir Abramovich expressed that Ye’s entry could have ‘serious consequences.’ ‘Australia should not put out the welcome mat and provide a platform to a hatemonger who spews threats against the Jewish community and peddles conspiracy myths about Jewish power, greed and control,’ he said. ‘Kanye is a blatant, unvarnished anti-Semite, Nazi-lover, and Hitler worshipper who openly admires an evil tyrant responsible for the extermination of six million Jews, including 1.5 million children.’ Following the intimate ceremony, it was believed that the Yeezy founder was spotted wearing a wedding ring as the pair arrived at the Warldorf Astoria in Beverly Hills, with the jewellery said to symbolise his commitment. It’s also unknown how long Bianca has known the American star for, but she joined Ye’s company in November 2020. In new song Censori Overload, the star appeared to pay tribute to his ‘wife’, and even references marriage in the lyrics as he sings: ‘And The Bible said, I can’t have any more sex till marriage.’ While Bianca and Ye have yet to publicly comment on the union, her relatives have passed on their well-wishes to the new couple. The bride’s sister Angelina Censori, told The Herald Sun: ‘It’s very exciting news for both my sister and the family but we choose to have some privacy for the time being.’ Another relative, Alyssia Censori, added to the publication that the family was ‘super happy for them both.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson ‘removes tattoos dedicated to Kim Kardashian and her children’ months after break-up MORE : Travis Barker appears to get tattoo of Kourtney Kardashian’s eyes – but some fans convinced it’s Michael Jackson  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.