The Vivienne left jaws on the floor as she took to the ice for her first skate in 2023’s Dancing On Ice. The Welsh drag queen – who rocketed to fame after winning the first season of Ru Paul’s Drag Race UK – is partnered with newbie Colin Grafton. Ahead of taking to the ice, the TV favourite said she felt ‘honoured’ to be ‘the first drag queen on Dancing On Ice’, making history with her partnership. However, the duo faced their fair share of obstacles in training, navigating lifts, tricks and spins – and that was all before she got into drag! But, in true The Vivienne style, she did not hold back with her debut, descending from the ceiling dressed as the icon that is… Cher! Skating to classic tune Strong Enough, the reality star, 30, donned a black curly wig and resembled the American vocalist in the most uncanny way. Wearing a black sequinned bodysuit, and vibrant pick lipstick, she certainly looked the part. But, it wasn’t just the Cher lewk that helped The Vivienne serve in her first performance, as she also received some very impressive scores from the panel. In her homage to the Goddess of Pop, the queen performed twists and a dramatic lift to score 28.5 points. Jayne Torvill felt their skating was ‘so solid and smooth’ and that she loved how much the drag queen appeared to enjoy herself in the routine. Christopher Dean was also full of praise, giving her the highest score of the panel with 7.5. ‘A star was born on the ice tonight,’ the Olympian told her. ‘We’ve had a few divas, but you’re our best skating by far.’ Viewers at home were also absolutely eating up The Vivienne’s routine, with many actually having to take a second glance after mistaking her for Cher herself. ‘Very here for The Vivienne going for full Cher drag’, one viewer tweeted, with another adding that she ‘makes a better Cher than Cher does.’ Another tweeted: ‘viv doing makeup to look like cher is icon behaviour and deserves to win just for that’. Others admitted they’re unsure if we’d be able to ‘top’ Vivienne’s routine and, honestly, we agree. Loving the representation in this year’s line-up, one tweeted: ‘The Vivienne really was fantastic. I love that #DancingOnIce have a drag queen making herstory on Sunday night prime time.’ ‘As a massive fan of drag and #DancingOnIce, it’s absolutely amazing to see @THEVIVIENNEUK make HISTORY as the first skating Queen! So refreshing to see it on prime time television too!’, praised another. Dancing On Ice continues Sunday on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Carley Stenson admits competition with husband and Strictly Come Dancing star Danny Mac MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu ‘opting for more conservative outfits’ after racy number sparked Ofcom complaints  