Arsenal legend Paul Merson has thrown his support behind the signing of Jorginho from Chelsea, amid the divided reaction from fans. In a stunning deadline day transfer, Jorginho is set to switch west London for north London in a £12million deal. Arsenal have been desperate for midfielder cover following the ‘significant’ injury to Mohamed Elneny, as the Gunners look to win their first Premier League title in 19 years. After failing to prize away Brighton’s Moises Caicedo, despite offering £75m for the young Seagulls star, Mikel Arteta has turned his attention to Jorginho whose contract with Chelsea was up at the end of the season. The 31-year-old will sign a contract to stay at the Emirates until the summer of 2024, following four-and-a-half successful years at Stamford Bridge, where he won the Champions League, Europa League and Club World Cup. On paper, he would seem to be the perfect short-term option, with Arsenal expected to make another move for Caicedo and/or West Ham captain Declan Rice in the summer. However, fans are pretty mixed on the transfer, with many wary of signing older Chelsea players given the past disappointments of David Luiz and Willian. But Merson does not share this sentiment, labelling the capture of Jorginho as ‘outstanding’ and somewhat of a coup, telling Sky Sports: ‘You are buying experience as well. He’s won big trophies and he’s a proper holding midfield player. ‘You were only talking about two years ago when Chelsea won the Champions League, Italy won the Euros and we’re going why don’t England produce one of these players? Two years on, Arsenal could be getting him. ‘I know he’s two years older but he’s so intelligent, he’ll protect the back four, he’ll be feeding [Martin] Odegaard, he’ll be feeding [Bukayo] Saka and [Gabriel] Martinelli. For me he’s a top signing and he knows the game. ‘He knows he won’t be playing every week and if everyone is fit he won’t be playing, but he will bring that experience and calmness. He never panics on the ball and for me in this day and age I’d call it a cup of tea at £12 million. ‘You can’t keep playing at 100 miles per hour, sometimes you have to slow the game down, give people breathers and play the game at your pace. ‘I would worry about him in 1 v 1 situations but it’s very rare he gets in those situations.’ MORE : Lyon open talks with Chelsea over £40million flop Tiemoue Bakayoko MORE : Tottenham outcast Djed Spence set for surprise loan move to Rennes For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 