Thousands of ambulance workers are to stage fresh strikes in the coming weeks in the bitter dispute over pay and staffing. The GMB said more than 10,000 of its members, including paramedics, emergency care assistants, call handlers and other staff, will walk out on February 6 and 20, and March 6 and 20. In addition, workers at West Midlands ambulance service will strike on January 23 and GMB members at North West Ambulance Service will strike on January 24. Rachel Harrison, GMB national secretary, said: ‘GMB’s ambulance workers are angry. In their own words “they are done”. ‘Our message to the Government is clear – talk pay now. Ministers have made things worse by demonising the ambulance workers who provided life and limb cover on strike days – playing political games with their scaremongering. ‘The only way to solve this dispute is a proper pay offer. ‘But it seems the cold, dead hands of Number 10 and 11 Downing Street are stopping this from happening. ‘In the face of Government inaction, we are left with no choice but industrial action. ‘GMB ambulance workers are determined, they’re not going to back down. ‘It’s up for this Government to get serious on pay. We are waiting.’ It is understood that those suffering from ‘life-threatening conditions’ will still be able to receive emergency aid. Workers up and down the UK are walking out this month as energy bills rise and the cost of living crisis tightens. Nurses are also due to strike on February 6 – meaning mass disruption can be expected across the NHS on that day. Nurses will also strike the following day, February 7. Many industries including nurses, doctors, taxi drivers, teachers have all taken strike action in the last few months. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 