A homeowner has been left fuming after his newly-delivered couch was left wedged between his staircase and the wall. Luke Ansell, 27, moved into a brand new home in Bournemouth in December. He had eagerly awaited the arrival of a £2,000 sofa – which was delivered on January 19. However the new purchase prove to be problematic. Luke says despite delivery-men assuring him that they made tight deliveries ‘all the time’ the pair failed to get the new sofa-bed up a narrow staircase. They eventually abandoned the couch on the stairs, he claims. Photos of the botched delivery show how the men left huge holes in the staircase plasterwork, and damage to the woodwork, before leaving. The situation instantly reminded many of the iconic scene from Friends, where Ross Geller repeatedly shouts ‘pivot’ at Chandler and Rachel as the trio attempted to manoeuvre a sofa up stairs. Luke says he refused to sign the delivery forms after it was suggested he cut off his bannisters. He says the company later rejected his account of events when he complained, with the delivery-men allegedly denying they ever tried to get it up a staircase. Newlywed Luke, who runs a pet grooming service ‘For The Love Of Dog’ with his wife Elouise, said that the service was ‘shocking’. He said: ‘Honestly it was unbelievable, the sofa was over £2,000 and they caused about that much damage delivering it. ‘They brought it in, they struggled to get it over the bannister and eventually got it in. But then it got jammed, they couldn’t get it up or down. ‘Then they said “look we’ve got to get back to Birmingham” and tried to leave. They asked me to sign for the delivery – but I refused. ‘We had a little bit of an argument about it, and then they suggested I cut away the bannister to get it out. ‘It’s a brand new house that we had just bought for half a million, and now we have to have the work done to repair it.’ The company based in Birmingham told the BBC it was carrying out an ‘interval investigation’. It offered to replace the damaged sofa as a ‘goodwill gesture’. designersofas4u.co.uk, who the couch was bought from, has been contacted for a full comment by PA. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.