Newcastle United manager Eddie Howe has rubbished suggestions that Cristiano Ronaldo has a clause in his contract with Al-Nassr that allows him to join the Magpies. On Tuesday, the 37-year-old was unveiled by the Saudi Arabian club in a lavish ceremony at a packed Mrsool Park stadium, with fireworks and pyrotechnics welcoming the Portuguese superstar. Prior to his unveiling, it had been claimed that Ronaldo had agreed a clause in his £175million-a-year contract with Al-Nassr that would give him the option to join Newcastle next summer. The Magpies are, of course, owned by the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund and the deal would be contingent on Newcastle qualifying for the Champions League. But Howe looked totally miffed when asked about the prospect of Ronaldo moving to St James’ Park in the future and insists there is no such clause to his knowledge. Asked about the speculation ahead of facing Arsenal on Tuesday night, Howe told Sky Sports: ‘We wish Cristiano all the best in his new venture but there’s no truth in that from our perspective.’ The veteran forward himself appeared to close the door on a return to the Premier League – or Europe – at his press conference on Tuesday. ‘I’m so proud to make this big decision in my life. In Europe, my work is done,’ said Ronaldo. ‘I won everything, I played in the most important clubs in Europe and now it’s a new challenge in Asia.’ He continued: ‘I’m grateful to Al-Nassr, for giving me this opportunity to develop football for the younger generation, for the women as well. ‘For me, it’s a challenge, but I also feel very happy and proud. ‘I can say now, I had many opportunities in Europe, Brazil, Australia and the United States. Even in Portugal, many clubs tried to sign me. ‘But I gave my word to this club, to develop not only football but also the other parts of this country.’ MORE : When could Cristiano Ronaldo make his debut for Al Nassr and will it be on TV? MORE : The eye-watering amount Cristiano Ronaldo will earn per second, hour and day at Al Nassr For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 