We’ve all heard the saying ‘your lips but better’ when referring to lipstick colours that look natural, while slightly enhancing your natural tone. Now the same concept is coming to hair. Stéphane Ferraira, senior colourist at Live True London, says it’s the colour trend he’s expecting to see more of from clients this year. Stéphane says: ‘We’re going to see a steady rise in natural, your-hair-but-better shades. Brunettes, dark blondes and buttery blondes will be big in 2023. ‘We’re expecting to see natural colours ruling 2023, especially with a rise in brunettes. ‘Whether that’s a natural looking balayage or a deep and dramatic tint, we’re excited to see brunettes have more fun. “As well as the resurgence of natural colours, we’ve already started to see a number of toned down, lowlighted blondes this winter, and we expect to see this trend well into next year. ‘It’s easy to maintain and looks gorgeous and natural – perfect for blondes looking to return to the dark side.’And the au naturel trend could be due to people being more concerned with haircare. Stéphane says, ‘The trend towards the skinification of hair is causing a lot of attention to be paid to how you look after your hair, which is in turn resulting in natural hair colours and low maintenance trends. ‘Clients are looking for easy-to-wear hair colours and styles that won’t damage their hair too much, as well as premium hair care to look after their locks.’ Though the pandemic feels long behind us, its impact upon beauty trends is still showing as people opt for low-maintenance looks. A slightly more enhanced take on this look is ‘buttery blonde’, which is predicted to be big come spring. Stéphane says: ‘Copper hair remains popular in the salons, with clients asking for everything from full head copper to balayage and in every shade. ‘We expect this to continue into 2023 in the same way as it did in 2022, with twists on the shade for each season, such as a buttery blonde or peachy shade in summer. ‘It’s almost but not quite strawberry blonde, making it perfect for copper hair lovers looking to switch things up for summer. ‘It works well on a number of hair tones, especially as a balayage on darker brown hair.’ Building on that ‘your hair but better’ natural look, the go-to styling choice for the year is predicted to be all about bedhead. Stéphane says: ‘Good news for the lazy… the natural bedhead texture will be everywhere soon. ‘We’ve already started seeing a lot of slept-in blow dries and three-day old waves, which can be enhanced with styling sprays and pomade.’ It’s come at the right time – time to save on hair maintenance costs. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Styles for coily and textured hair – for New Year’s Eve parties and beyond