Nicolas Cage has shared a sweet tribute to ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley following her death at the age of 54. Presley suffered a cardiac arrest on Thursday, January 12 and was rushed to hospital, with her mother, Priscilla Presley, later confirming the sad news of her death. Speaking out for the first time, actor Cage said in a statement: ‘This is devastating news. ‘Lisa had the greatest laugh of anyone I ever met. She lit up every room, and I am heartbroken.’ He added to The Hollywood Reporter: ‘I find some solace believing she is reunited with her son Benjamin.’ Presley’s son died by suicide in 2020, at the age of 27. The late star began dating Cage, now 59, in 2001. Their relationship was up and down, as they first split in early 2002. Later that year, though, they reunited and tied the knot in August. Cage then filed for divorce in November 2002, and they ended up finalising their divorce in 2004. The movie star spoke highly of his ex-wife after their separation, despite not wanting to delve into details. Immediately after his divorce filing, he said in a statement: ‘I did not talk about the marriage and I am not going to talk about the divorce. But I loved her.’ Presley, however, was more vocal and told Rolling Stone in 2003 that they shouldn’t have married in the first place. ‘We’re both so dramatic and dynamic that when it was good it was unbelievably good,’ she began, adding that when things were ‘bad’ it was a ‘nightmare.’ Cage was one of four husbands of Presley, with other spouses including first husband Danny Keough, then Michael Jackson, and, most recently, Michael Lockwood. Announcing the death of Elvis Presley’s only daughter, mother Priscilla shared in a statement: ‘It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. ‘She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known.’ Presley is survived by her three children: Riley, Harper and Finley. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : In pictures: Lisa Marie Presley’s life from growing up at Graceland to high profile marriages and music career MORE : Michael Jackson’s sister La Toya Jackson pays tribute to his ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley: ‘Thank you for being so honest’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 