It’s finally been confirmed that Bruno Tonioli has joined the Britain’s Got Talent judging panel, and Simon Cowell gave a thumbs up to onlookers as he walked into the first round of auditions today. The latest season of the ITV talent show has begun filming in London, with performers lining up for the chance to hit the big time. After months of speculation over who will replace David Walliams, the former Strictly Come Dancing judge Bruno, 67, signed on the dotted line. While there aren’t any photos of his first day on the job yet, the head-honcho Simon, 63, stopped to take selfies with fans on his way into the first round of auditions. Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly, both 47, were pictured entering The London Palladium soon after as well. Simon gave a thumbs up to photographers indicating that everything was going ahead smoothly despite the recent changes. Sharing a picture of the Palladium set to host the auditions, the official Britain’s Got Talent Twitter page said: ‘We’re baaaack! And we’re ready to find our next #BGT SUPERSTAR! Could it be you? Auditions day 1, bring it on!’ The big reveal was made during the taping of the first audition show, when Ant and Dec welcomed the newcomer into the auditorium with his fellow judges. ‘Bruno hit it off with the crowd and the judges right from the beginning, thanking everyone in the room,’ an insider told Metro.co.uk. ‘He told the girls they looked stunning and said he was feeling emotional and nervous. ‘Fellow judge Alesha Dixon, 44, calmed him down and hilariously pushed his red buzzer to kick off the day.’ Auditions began after weeks of speculation that David would no longer be on the panel. Last year the comedian apologised for making ‘disrespectful comments’ about auditioning contestants after a leaked recording from 2020 caught him calling an elderly performer on the talent show the C-word three times. According to a transcript shared by the Guardian, the children’s author also said of a female hopeful: ‘She’s like the slightly boring girl you meet in the pub that thinks you want to f**k them but you don’t.’ David later issued a statement and said he would ‘like to apologise to the people I made disrespectful comments about during breaks in filming for Britain’s Got Talent in 2020’, adding: ‘These were private conversations and – like most conversations with friends – were never intended to be shared. Nevertheless, I am sorry.’ According to The Sun, producers had been finalising a deal with Bruno for the past week. ‘Not only does he have years of judging experience under his belt from his time on Strictly, he will bring an outrageous brand of comedy that BGT needs on the panel,’ a source told the publication. Joining the panel now sees him sit alongside regulars Amanda Holden, 51, Alesha Dixon, and, Simon himself. After joining the series in 2012, David appeared on 10 series before his exit. Britain’s Got Talent returns to ITV later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Former X Factor and America’s Got Talent judge Sharon Osbourne slams talent shows as ‘very dated’ MORE : Simon Cowell ‘didn’t give himself a salary’ in 2022 after ‘profit losses’ and axing staff at Syco 