Today might seem like any other day, but for those that believe in numerology, it’s special. January 11, or 11/1, is considered the luckiest day of the year due to the numbers in the date. 111 is thought to be an ‘angel number’, with the sequence representing a signal from above whenever you spot it in the wild. Repeated ones are a sign of prosperity and abundance, and many choose to make a wish when they see them on clocks, passcodes, and calendars. On TikTok, numerology fans have also claimed that January 11 opens a spiritual ‘portal’ that makes it the perfect time to manifest. Intuitive healer Ellen M. Gregg explains: ‘It denotes a shift in spirituality or a call to spirituality. It may deepen our spiritual awareness, or it may wake it up and us along with it.’ The active energy of the 111 portal is said to inspire creativity and productivity, helping us reflect on what we want in future and take the steps to reach these goals. There are a few different ways to open yourself up to this energy. Make the most of today by seriously considering your plans for the future and indulging in a spot of manifestation. Ask yourself which elements of your life could benefit from a change, then how you’ll apply the 111 portal energy to this. Speak your goals into existence and will the universe to put things in motion – today’s as good a time as any to give it a go. Aim to slow down, stay conscious in your choices and stop overthinking; let things happen rather than worrying about what could have transpired. It may also be helpful to awaken your spiritual side by spending time in nature, listening to your favourite music, and practicing self care and relaxation. Try meditation to calm a busy mind and consider writing a ‘soul journey’, where you let your subconscious take the lead as you write down whatever comes to you. Another way to put positivity out into the world (and hopefully receive it in return) is to practice random acts of kindness and prioritise showing gratitude. Manifestation is all about balance, so you need to give what you hope to get back. If your guardian angels are watching, they’ll reward your efforts with good karma galore. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How lunar and solar eclipses affect you, according to astrology MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 11, 2023