As well as the drama, the OTT challenges and the iconic Casa Amour, we tune into Love Island for the clothes. From festival style to glamourous occasion looks, the guys and girls of the villa often set the trends for the season ahead. This year, the show is once again partnering with eBay’s Pre-Loved, and stylist, Amy Bannerman was responsible for carefully selecting and sourcing items from eBay to send into the villa. Here, she shares the trends that the Islanders will be wearing around the fire pit this year. Temperatures might be plummeting in the UK, but out in South Africa, the sun is shining. The tutti frutti trend is all about bringing the sunshine to our wardrobes, with bright, joyful colours. Amy Bannerman said: ‘It’s all about the pinks, yellows, oranges and blues, integrated in an explosion of neon blazers and bright two-pieces. ‘Dopamine dressing is here to stay from the summer, it’s just gone up a notch. We are finding people are dressing to boost their mood, steering away from neutrals.’ Bold pops of colour can be worn subtly as accessories – or loud and proud, wearing bold brights from head to toe, depending on how brave you feel. ‘Smart casual’ is the dress code that brings out many of us in a cold sweat, but don’t panic. Business vs party is all about combining tailoring with more luxe, stand-out pieces. ‘We’re merging of partywear with slouchy tailoring and creating unique looks that can be worn day and night,’ said Amy. For boys it is luxe shirts with smarter trousers. We’re seeing this trend showcased by the likes of Bella Hadid and Pete Davidson – it’s a great way to really make a statement simply in the outfit. ‘It’s all about crystal pieces paired with blazer dresses and effortless two pieces that create a blurred line between business and party.’ Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Baker have made goth glam oh-so-chic. Amy said: ‘Bringing back rebellious dressing with metallic skirts, leather jackets and vintage tees, this trend feeds into self-expression. ‘It’s all about cut out tops, using sparkly pieces to lift the looks, metallic skirts, sexy leather trousers and timeless leather bombers.’ Think crystal fringing and glam rhinestones. It’s no secret that denim that’s been worn time and time again is much better than fresh off the rack. It’s softer, frayed in all the right places, and seems to fit to your body perfectly. And with eBay’s Pre-Loved all about the ethos of sustainability, vintage denim is a trend that we’ll see in the villa. Amy said: ‘Everyone has an item of denim in their wardrobe, whether it be a years-old denim jacket or a classic mini skirt. ‘This trend is one that I think will come in and out year after year. For the girls, it’s all about the classic co-ords and fitted jumpsuits, and for the boys, we’re going to be seeing loose fitting oversized shirts paired with long-length shorts.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Naked fashion: How to wear 2023’s see-through trend MORE : The future of fashion: Experts predict sci-fi looks will be big in 2023