The beauty industry is about to see the launch of one of its most inclusive devices to date. Using AI technology, Lancôme has designed a motion stabilising device, which makes applying makeup with a disability much easier and more accessible. Some disabilities see people struggle to apply makeup with unsteady hands – and this tool will help bridge the gap. Called the HAPTA, it comes with customisable magnetic attachments and motion controls to help users open difficult packaging and apply products. The brand says: ‘An estimated 50 million people globally live with limited fine motor skills. This makes some daily gestures, like applying makeup, challenging. ‘Under development by L’Oréal scientists and engineers, HAPTA is a handheld, ultra-precise smart makeup applicator for users with limited hand and arm mobility, offering them the ability to steadily apply lipstick at home. ‘HAPTA will incorporate technology originally created by Verily to stabilize and level utensils to give people with limited hand and arm mobility the ability to eat with confidence and independence.’ They added they want the tool ‘to help individuals feel confident, independent, and empowered to enjoy the self-expressive power of beauty’. It’s expected to be rolled out to the public this year, and is estimated to cost around $199 [£164.56]. Ergonomically designed for 360 degrees of rotation and 180 degrees of flexion, one charge gives around 10 uses, and users can ‘save’ a position for future use. Françoise Lehmann, Lancôme Global Brand President says: ‘For years, Lancôme has sought to provide every woman with beauty solutions adapted to their needs. ‘Beauty tech has enabled us to fulfil this mission in an even more powerful way, revolutionizing the way we develop beauty products and services and enabling greater personalization.’ A study by Proctor & Gamble in 2019 found only 4% of beauty and personal care brand products are designed to address the needs of those with physical disabilities – so this is a welcome piece of innovation. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How a lipstick can change a life MORE : ‘Shop your stash’ to get more out of your makeup without spending a penny MORE : This ‘no makeup’ trick loved by models creates the illusion of naturally full lashes