In my last job, I managed a team of brilliant, deep thinking, highly creative introverts. I am a raving extrovert, and it took me a while to figure out that I needed a different approach. I had to stop asking the team to brainstorm with me last-minute and give them space and time to come up with their brilliant ideas – alone. ‘The more we understand and value the different ways our “quiet” colleagues (and partners/friends/children) operate, the happier we all will be,’ says Pete Mosley, coach and author of A Quiet Person’s Guide to Life and Work. Pete is especially passionate about valuing our quiet colleagues in the workplace. He adds: ‘If we want the best from our people and the best for our organisations, we need to think about the value we lose when quiet people don’t feel able to engage or contribute.’ An advocate for ‘Quiet Inclusion’, speaking regularly on the topic, Pete runs workshops for organisations who want to bring quiet people and those who lead and manage them into alignment. For another Big Happiness Interview, Pete shares more about how to be quietly happy. When you talk about ‘quiet’ people , do you mean introverts? It’s not as simple as labelling everyone as extravert and introvert. It’s not just the personality traits of introversion and extroversion that are in play. Extroverted and outgoing people also turn quiet. Being quiet can have many causes – shyness, social anxiety, introversion, dissociation, chronic worry or pain, lack of confidence. But often being a ‘quiet’ person can be seen through a negative lens and my work is about helping the quiet souls know that it’s OK to be quiet and to help everyone have a deeper understanding of how a quiet person’s ‘being in the world’ is uniquely different. As is the extrovert’s (there is no better or worse here), it’s not a competition. But it’s making the shift from solving ‘the problem’ of being quiet to living life to the full. It’s about an acceptance that you have the right to a deep, rich inner life: to be an ‘intronaut’, to seek out solitude and not have to explain yourself, to be yourself – not what others think or say you should be. What are the challenges quiet people face? A lot of the unhappiness that quiet people suffer is caused by pressure from others to conform to social norms – to ‘liven up, join in, be less boring, come out of your shell.’ I like to explore ways to get out of the trap of trying (or being forced) to mimic more extrovert behaviours. Upset and confusion can also be caused by how others react to you. At worst by name calling, labelling, and belittling. At best by trying to help – offering support through inappropriate suggestions: don’t be shy, you’ll be OK once you’ve dipped your toe in the water, fake it ’til you make it, etc. Through genuine misunderstanding, people misread signals. They can project their own values and experience onto you, or read your quietness as aloofness and superiority, rather than the painful social paralysis that can lie underneath. So how do we start to feel quietly happy? If you are ‘quiet’, start by understanding as much as you can about your quiet ways, which will help you notice and celebrate your quiet ‘superpowers.’ Superpowers? Quiet people often find themselves with perceptual gifts: sensitivities, high level observational skills, a finely tuned social ‘radar’. These are often developed unconsciously as a survival strategy in childhood. But reframe these characteristics and you soon realise just how useful they can be. For example: quiet confidence, powers of observation, the ability to listen and ask great questions, the ability to notice things that others miss, thoughtful responses that emerge from thinking longer and deeper, well-rounded viewpoints, an ability to take the views of others on board, a natural tendency to create space for pondering and reflecting, a tendency to avoid urgency and create more space to think as well as the power to make well-formed decisions. How can we support the quiet or more introverted people in our lives? Quiet people want what all of us want: to feel safe, to know that they matter, a peaceful, resourceful environment, the freedom to talk – when they feel ready – and to be listened to without judgement. Quiet people don’t want continuous suggestions that they develop their soft skills. They want to be included as they are. At work, they want their organisations to make the adjustments they need – adjustments that make it easier for everyone to engage at work. What helps quiet people perform at their best? Quiet people can give their best when their quietness is respected and they don’t feel under pressure to act like an extrovert. Quiet people may take longer to process information – but you might just get a better solution if you give them the time so give them that time. They can bring their specific sensitivities into play – those same sensitivities can give rise to amazing insights. It’s important not to simply allow a ‘quiet’ person to blend into the background. They need to be seen and valued as an integral part of the team. Not everyone would call themselves ‘quiet’, but they might still feel uncomfortable in pressured situations. Quiet people thrive when they can take responsibility and demonstrate their abilities. So, when is it rightly a quiet person’s turn to step up and when is it the organisation that needs to step up? It’s not enough to say that quiet people should stand up for themselves. The kinds of situations that more extrovert employees might take in their stride (or at least appear to) can be much more challenging for quiet people. Can you give an example of that? In a work environment, it can be hard to start talking in a team meeting. Suddenly you find everyone’s eyes are focused on you. When you’re great at your job, but feel overlooked and invisible, how can you increase your confidence? The danger is that you dry up or fumble your words. So, what can you do? A simple tool to try is prepare a simple document that summarises what you want to present to the group. This could be a mind map, a flowchart, or a simple bulleted list of ideas. Ask whoever is leading the meeting if they will add it to the agenda, that way it’s not you trying to break into the flow of the meeting. Or enlist a more confident colleague to introduce the topic and hand over to you. Give everyone a copy and lead people through your ideas. Your document is your script, and it will keep you on track. Let people know you’re willing to talk about your ideas one-to-one afterwards. Your colleagues will appreciate the fact that you’ve given them something structured to think about. Your team leader will be very happy that you’ve spoken up. What can organisations do to keep our quiet workforce happy? Quiet people make sense of the world differently. If the quiet people in our organisations stay quiet, we may lose a quality of thinking that we need. Often this thinking involves a special degree of conscientiousness or creativity. Or an aptitude for logic, or for spotting issues that others miss. Or an empathy for customers we find harder to reach. We can’t afford to miss out on the different thinking that quiet people can contribute. When anyone feels disengaged, they lose motivation. Their contribution diminishes. They fail to thrive. And quiet people are no different. What makes this issue different for our organisations is that we may not notice when it happens. Quiet people are more likely to internalise their loss of confidence, their frustrations, their sense of not being valued. At best we might not notice their withdrawal. At worst, we may not spot the microaggressions, teasing or even bullying that quiet people can endure. The leaders in our organisations may not be therapists or counsellors. But there is a strong argument to help them develop the skills they need to include the quiet people in their teams – to listen, to adapt and to support. Ignoring quiet people’s contributions has serious implications if it is not addressed. It has implications for your ‘triple bottom line’: financial, cultural, and environmental. What can a quiet person do to try to change things for the better – for themselves and for others? When you are a quiet person, the healthiest ways of being in the world are there for the taking. You don’t have to change a thing about who you are. Find and cultivate places of flow and ease. Whether it’s walking, reading, making, listening, thinking, meditating – use these places wisely. Make better choices about who you spend your precious time with. Create more useful boundaries. Say no more often. Say yes to the right things. Find people who will support and value you the way you are. Quiet is a sanctuary, but it can also be a hiding place. And the world needs thoughtful people more than ever right now. A Quiet Person’s Guide to life and work by Pete Mosley is out now. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Big Happiness Interview: Humble the Poet on why loving yourself will make you happier MORE : Big Happiness Interview: Gabby Bernstein on how to manifest a new vision for 2023 MORE : The Big Happiness Interview: Georgia Foster on how to have a happy, healthy relationship with food