When you’ve been married to your soulmate for 72 years, there’s undoubtedly a lot that most outsiders don’t know about your marriage. That’s the case for the wife of Boy Meets World actor Williams Daniels, as she’s revealed they secretly had an open marriage. Bonnie Bartlett Daniels, 93, has been married to the 95-year-old TV actor – who played Mr Feeny on Boy Meets World – for an impressive seven decades, with the two screen stars tying the knot in 1951. However, the couple struggled to adjust to their new life as a married couple in the early days – Bonnie began dating William when she was 18 and he was her first boyfriend. So they decided to have extramarital relations with other people, which they both consented to, but Bonnie – a two-time Emmy winner – found it to be a miserable situation after all. The St Elsewhere actress, who is releasing her memoir Middle of the Rainbow, said: ‘I guess it was a little bit of an open marriage at first, but that was very painful. That didn’t work well. And it was a time when people were doing that. ‘It was at a time in New York when there was a lot of sex and a lot of people doing all kinds of things, you know – very free.’ She added to Fox News Digital: ‘But I don’t know if there was a lack of commitment a little bit, and that’s not good. So there was a lot of pain connected with any transgression, with any extramarital thing.’ According to the publication, Bonnie writes in the book how she had an affair with a ‘slightly boring’ actor that lasted a few months in 1959. ‘The sex was good,’ she reportedly notes. ‘I never felt guilty because I never felt tied to fidelity, and neither did Bill,’ Bonnie revealed. However, Bonnie alleges William – also known as Bill – had an affair with a producer in the 1970s that left her ‘devastated’. It was at this point that she realised she ‘could no longer tolerate any kind of open marriage’. Since then, the couple have stuck by each other’s side and Bonnie insists they have a lot of love for each other, adding that their marriage has lasted so long because they take each day as it comes and work to solve problems together. Bonnie is best known for starring in Little House on the Prairie, in which she played Grace Snider Edwards. She starred alongside William in St Elsewhere as a fictional couple, and the two actors won Emmy Awards on the same night in 1986, becoming the first married couple to do since Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne in 1965. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 