Firefighters are tackling a blaze at a historic department store in the Scottish capital. At least 10 fire engines have been deployed to the former Jenners store in Edinburgh. Fire crews were called to reports of a blaze to the rear of the building, hailed as an ‘icon’ of the city, in Rose Street around 11.30am this morning. They arrived to find the former store ‘well alight’ with eyewitnesses describing how smoke was billowing out of the basement of the former store. No casualties have been reported, the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said. The Sun newspaper reports a firefighter was injured at the scene, according to unconfirmed sources. A spokesperson for the service said: ‘We were alerted at 11.29am on Monday, January 23 to reports of a commercial building fire at Rose Street, Edinburgh. ‘Operations Control immediately mobilised two appliances to the scene and on arrival firefighters found a building well alight. ‘A further eight appliances, including a high reach, were mobilised and crews remain on scene as they work to extinguish the fire.’ Police were called to assist with emergency services currently still on the scene on Monday afternoon. Road closures are in place around the area with South St David Street cordoned off and a number of bus routes diverted. Founded in 1838, Jenners was one of the oldest department stores in the world until its closure after 183 years in 2021. Plans were approved in June last year to transform the landmark site, in the capital’s famous Princes Street, into a luxury hotel, according to Edinburgh Live. Key aspects of the building, including the central atrium and outside signage, were expected to stay during significant works to turn the upper floors into a boutique 96-bedroom hotel. The current building was designed by architect William Hamilton Beattie and opened in 1895, three years after the original structure was destroyed by a fire in 1892. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.