Ross Kemp has once again discussed the possibility of staging an EastEnders comeback. The actor, who played Grant Mitchell, was asked on The One Show on Wednesday (January 11)  if he would ever reprise his iconic role in the BBC One soap. ‘I don’t think you can ever say never, you know?,’ he told hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas, who posed the question from a fan on social media. ‘I loved the part, I did it for 10 years. ‘I must have liked it because I stayed there for 10 years. But, you know, look, it was great fun, I loved the cast, it was a great job. [I’m] doing lots of different things right now, but never say never!’ Make it happen Ross! The 54-year-old recently addressed his thoughts on soaps in general, revealing that he believes they are still able to live up to the ‘original dictum from the BBC’ which was to ‘inform, educate and entertain’, but added that they mustn’t ‘forget to entertain at the same time’. ‘Obviously there’s a lot of investment in those programmes from both ITV and BBC, so I don’t see them going anywhere anytime soon’, he told the Mirror. ‘I hope they don’t because I think they serve a good purpose. ‘Some people just don’t want to watch Panorama or documentaries, but soaps in their own way can bring up issues that could be troubling certain individuals and approach them in a way that isn’t necessarily bashing them over the head – and it can get them talking.’ Ross joined EastEnders in 1990 and appeared regularly until 1999. He made a number of sporadic returns between 2005 and 2006, and again in 2016, when he returned for Peggy’s final scenes, before returning once more several months later, when he saved Ben (Harry Reid) from a gang who attacked him. EastEnders airs Monday to Thursdays at 7:30pm on BBC One. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: 54 pictures reveal new Lily shock and Zack’s world torn apart MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Pregnant child Lily drops a huge bombshell when Martin discusses an abortion