Novak Djokovic defeated Roberto Carballes Baena 6-3 6-3 6-0 to begin his quest for a record-extending 10th Australian Open title and thanked Aussie fans for their ‘welcoming reception’ amid the controversial booing ban. Djokovic only broke his opponent twice in the opening two sets but absolutely steamrolled past the Spaniard in the third and will next face France’s world No.191 Enzo Couacaud or Bolivia’s world No.131 Hugo Dellien in the second round. The 21-time major champion, bidding to equal Rafael Nadal on 22 Grand Slam singles trophies at Melbourne Park, recorded nine aces and just one double fault. There had been concerns over the 35-year-old’s fitness heading into the tournament with the Serbian struggling with a hamstring issue – and despite him dealing with some discomfort during the match – he was able to battle through it and secure victory on the Rod Laver Arena. ‘Thank you for staying so late and also giving me such a welcoming reception,’ Djokovic, world No.5, said on court following his first-round win. ‘I’m very happy I am back in Australia, and on the court where I had the biggest successes of my career. ‘This court is the most special court and I couldn’t ask for a better start for the tournament. ‘The more you win on a certain court, you more comfortable you feel. I have been fortunate to win so many matches on this court, especially night matches. I would choose this [court] all night long. ‘I’m very pleased with the way I played in the third set. I didn’t give him too much time to breathe. ‘The second set was up and down. Credit to him, it was his first match on Rod Laver Arena so he deserves a round of applause.’ Australian Open organisers have vowed to kick out anyone booing Djokovic during the tournament but that was not necessary during his opening round clash, with fans cheering and roaring for him on the Rod Laver Arena. Djokovic also provided an update on his injury in his post-match press conference as he told reporters: ‘The leg is good. It’s not ideal, but it’s getting there. Today was a really good test. Haven’t had too much training in the last few days, to be honest with you, tennis-wise.’ MORE : Who will win 2023 Australian Open? Men's and women's contenders assessed MORE : Stan Wawrinka backs fans to boo Novak Djokovic despite threat from Aus Open organisers 