Music lovers will have to wait another three months before being able to go to a gig at the O2 Academy in Brixton after its licence was suspended. The popular venue in south London will remain closed until at least April, after two people were killed in a crush at a gig in December last year. Security guard Gaby Hutchinson, 23, and Rebecca Ikumelo, 33, were killed when fans tried to enter an Asake gig without tickets. Its licence was first suspended in December, and a further decision was made today after a meeting of Lambeth Council’s licensing sub-committee. The Afro-pop singer’s gig was called off on December 15 when a large number of people tried to get into the venue. Police had applied for a summary review of the venue’s licence, telling councillors it believed the venue was associated with ‘serious crime and serious disorder’ after the crush. The O2’s owner had earlier said it would shut for three months in any event while officers carried out their investigations into the circumstances of the fatal incident. Announcing the decision on Monday afternoon, Cllr Fred Cowell said: ‘Both the police and the licence holder have expressed the view that the ongoing investigations are at too early a stage to clearly identify the cause or causes of the fatal incident on the 15th December 2022 and the extent of any remedial steps required to prevent any repetition of a serious incident. ‘As a consequence, the licensing sub-committee is not presently satisfied that the venue can reopen at this stage without undermining the licensing objectives.’ In addition, a condition will be added to the venue’s licence that any licensable activity cannot take place and until steps have been taken to address lessons learned from the crush. Florence Eshalomi MP said: ‘‘I support the decision of Lambeth Council today to close the Brixton Academy for a further three months whilst a comprehensive investigation into the tragic loss of life there in December continues. ‘It is welcome that this decision has been agreed on by both the Police and the venue management. I am also pleased that the Academy recognise the need for additional conditions to be added to their license to improve the safety regime at concerts before they reopen. ‘They are working with the authorities closely on what needs to happen to ensure this, and will submit proposals for approval at a further hearing in due course. ‘This remains a fast-moving situation with a number of different parties involved and many outstanding questions. ‘It is therefore vital that the investigation into this is impartial and comprehensive. It must be able to examine every aspect of this incident so that the full picture of what happened can be established and learned from going forward. ‘Venues like the Brixton 02 make a huge cultural and economic contribution to our area, and nobody wants to lose that. ‘However, public safety is paramount, and the gravity of December’s incident must be recognised. I look forward to maintaining dialogue with all parties on the way forward as this situation evolves. ‘My thoughts remain with the loved ones of Rebecca, Gaby, and the one woman who is still being treated for her injuries. ‘If you have information about this incident that could help the investigation and have not yet come forward, it is not too late to do so and could help in the search for answers.’ Academy Music Group (AMG), which owns the O2, said last week that it had ‘reflected deeply’ on the incident, and its Brixton venue would remain closed regardless of the licensing decision. In an earlier statement, it said: ‘O2 Academy Brixton recognises the gravity of the events which occurred on the night of December 15 2022 and expresses its sincere condolences to the families of those who died during the tragic incident and its genuine concerns for anyone affected by it. The licence holder, Academy Music Group, is committed to understanding what happened and co-operating with the various investigations that are under way, including providing full co-operation to the police in the conduct of their inquiries. ‘AMG has reflected deeply and has come to its own decision to close the premises for three months while the investigations take place and, at the same time, to work in partnership with the responsible authorities, which will include a review of the licence conditions and proposed amendments. ‘The company’s decision to close for this period will be the case whether or not the licence is suspended but AMG agrees to the suspension as an enforceable measure.’ Tributes were paid to mum-of-two Rebecca from Newham in east London, who died in hospital after being caught in the crush. Gaby Hutchinson, 23, was working as one of the contracted security providers for the event, and died after being taken to hospital following the incident. Rebecca was an autism campaigner and worked as a nurse until her older son was diagosed with autism in 2020. Friends described her as a ‘beautiful woman who radiated positive energy and was dedicated to being the best version of herself for her kids’. Ms Ikumelo leaves behind two sons, Jamael and Joelle. The single mother worked as a nursing associate in sexual health until her older child was diagnosed with autism in 2020. She then took a break from nursing and began spending more time with her children, documenting her son’s development after his autism diagnosis. Gaby from Gravesend, Kent, died in hospital from serious injuries sustained in the incident. Her family described them as someone who protected the people they loved ‘fiercely’. In a tribute they said: ‘When Gaby loved you, it was with their whole heart. ‘Gaby has brought so much love, laughter and inappropriate jokes into our lives and will forever be our baby, our daughter, our sister, our man and our joy. ‘Getting 23 years of Gaby’s life was a blessing and one we will never forget. Gaby will forever live on in our hearts. No one should go to work and not come home. ‘But Gaby protected those they loved fiercely and it was the same with Gaby’s job.’ Gaby was working as one of the contracted security providers for the event that evening. Another meeting will take place on April 16. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.