Gerard Pique has chosen an interesting time to make his social media debut with girlfriend Clara Chia Marti, right in the middle of his chaotic split from longtime partner Shakira. The Barcelona footballer, 35, has been dating student Clara, 23, for around seven months now and, while they’ve been pictured being loved-up around town, they had kept their relationship private so far. Well, that all changed on Wednesday when Gerard shared a rather cosy photo of him and his new love on Instagram for the first time. In the photo, Gerard is seen leaning over a table to cosy up to Clara as she snapped a selfie. ‘Qué guapos!’ he captioned the photo in Spanish which loosely translates to ‘so handsome’. It’s been a whirlwind few weeks for Gerard as the fallout from his split with ex-girlfriend Shakira, 45, continues to rumble on. The former couple announced they had separated after 11 years in June 2022, choosing to instead co-parent their two sons, Milan, nine, and Sasha, seven. Opening up about the split for the first time, Hips Don’t Lie singer Shakira described it as ‘the darkest hours of [her] life’. She added to Elle magazine: ‘I’ve tried to conceal the situation in front of my kids. I try to do it and to protect them, because that’s my number one mission in life.’ In November, after a reported 12-hour marathon meeting, the exes are said to have settled on a custody agreement of their children. Tensions between Shakira and Gerard escalated earlier this month when she released a diss track aimed at her ex and his girlfriend. On the track BZRP Music Session #53 featuring Bizarrap, she sings: ‘Sorry baby, I should have thrown you out a while ago / A she-wolf like me is not for rookies / A she-wolf like me is not for guys like you / I’m too good for you, and that’s why you’re with someone just like you. ‘I wish you luck with my supposed replacement / I don’t even know what happened to you. I’m worth two of 22 [year old] / You traded a Ferrari for a Twingo / You traded a Rolex for a Casio / You’re going fast, slow down / Lots of time at the gym, but your brain needs a little work too.’ Days later, it was reported that Shakira had positioned a pretty terrifying life-size witch doll on her balcony overlooking her former mother-in-law’s house. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Shakira is all smiles as she leans over balcony of Barcelona mansion to wave to fans amid split from Gerard Pique MORE : From diss tracks to building literal walls, to a witch and jars of jam, Shakira’s messy split from Gerard Piqué is getting weird 