Coleen Rooney may be worth a reported £120million, but she too seems to have made some changes amid the cost of living crisis. With the prices of energy bills soaring and people across the country struggling to afford food, many of us now have to be savvy when doing our weekly shop. It seems down-to-earth Coleen, 36, is also shopping smart in a bid to save some dosh, as she was pictured outside budget supermarket Aldi. The Wag typically shops in higher-end store Waitrose, and did also have Waitrose bags with her, but with Aldi offering bargains upon bargains, who can blame her for wanting to browse the beloved middle aisle? After all, Aldi was crowned the UK’s cheapest supermarket according to November 2021 data by Which?, with a basket of 48 items costing £77.21 as opposed to £104.11 at Waitrose. Having picked up some great deals of her own, Coleen was spotted with a fully-packed shopping trolley outside an Aldi store in Manchester. Her shopping items included: 40 Mamia ultra-dry nappies (£2.99), Four Seasons garden peas (39p), Mamia raspberry and blueberry rice cakes, and also apple flavour (79p each), and Ringos salt and vinegar crisps. We’re sure the items were much appreciated by husband Wayne, 37, and their children – Kai, 13, Klay, nine, Kit, six, and Cass, four. The TV personality and author – who resides in a £20m Cheshire mansion – cut a casual figure as she secured the goods, donning a pair of black leggings and Nike trainers. Keeping warm amid the January cold, she threw on a cosy Stella McCartney puffer jacket. Mum-of-four Coleen carried her iPhone in her hand, protected by a personalised case with her initials printed on. Following her shopping trip, a source explained to The Sun that it shows how the current ‘financial squeeze’ can ‘impact anybody’. They added that Coleen – who really hasn’t changed since rising to fame – looked like ‘any other mum getting stuck into the weekly shop during the week while on her own’. ‘Coleen has a down-to-earth image and she hasn’t really changed, she still likes to shop for a bargain,’ they said. However, it’s unknown why she was buying nappies, since her own children are too old for them. ‘But the rest of the items show the family are not afraid of a bargain,’ said the source. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price using turbulent experiences for surprise career change as life coach: ‘I want to start helping people’ MORE : Model Suzannah Harvey denies being woman who took Prince Harry’s virginity with cheeky claim that Ginger Nut biscuits are ‘the only ones I’ve touched’ 