Authenticity is going to be big in the dating app world in 2023. It might sound like common sense – of course, you should be your authentic self when you’re looking for a partner – but when you’re really honest about it, are you truly yourself online? According to dating app Inner Circle, which surveyed over 1,000 UK singles on the dating scene, highly curated photos are a turn-off, with 83% saying they’ve been frustrated meeting a date who hasn’t looked like their photos. Meanwhile, 80% are not fans of filtering and editing, and 75% say it would put them off meeting someone if they looked different in all their photos. And this isn’t just about not borderline catfishing somebody. The dating app also recently ran a quick experiment with one of its members and found that their likes rose by 142% after they added more authentic, in-the-moment photos. They also got 58% more messages. Crystal Cansdale, the app’s resident dating expert, said: ‘Dating apps are behind the curve when it comes to the trend towards authenticity. The data is clear – singles love to see genuine photos of others. ‘It helps them build a picture of the other person, work out what they have in common and see if there’s a spark. By putting up authentic photos, the people you’re into will see the real you, and it’ll attract like-minded matches. We’re calling on singles to put their best, true selves forward – cutting out time-wasting and bad matches.’ That all sounds well and good, but how can you balance that with putting your best foot forward? Sure, you might love that photo from your old-old work Christmas party, but unless you had some excellent work done, it’s unlikely you look exactly the same then as you do now. ‘We’ve all been there – you’re swiping and you spot someone who looks just your type,’ said Crystal. ‘But when you scan their socials, every photo they’ve used on their dating app profile is actually from 2017 or earlier. ‘The research shows this is a red flag – 54% of singles don’t want to see photos that are more than nine months old. If you want to maximise your chances, keep it fresh and update your photos every couple of months.’ Having more pics on your profile gives swipers a better understanding of what you’re about – it’s that simple. Crystal said: ‘Four in five (83%) singles say the more photos the better when it comes to dating profiles, and having more than one photo will get you five times more matches. ‘It helps people build a better picture of what you’re like, and you can use it as a chance to show off your personality. Make sure you fill all the photo slots when creating your profile to land yourself more matches.’ You don’t have to spend ages trying to take dozens of new, perfect faux-candid selfies with which to fill your profile. ‘One of the biggest challenges to keeping it fresh and regularly updating your photos is having enough of them,’ said Crystal. ‘One in 10 women say they don’t have any authentic photos of themselves, and this rises to one in five for men. Tell your friends you’re looking to up your dating game and let them help you capture some great shots. ‘The chances are, they’ll be happy to help, and you can always return the favour for your single mates.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Psychologist reveals seven dating ‘types’ – and what they say about you MORE : From mirror dating to eco-fishing: Four dating trends to watch out for in 2023 MORE : New dating app where ghosting and swiping are banned dubbed ‘online prison’