Katie Price has spoken out about her most recent car crash and says she is ‘just thankful’ nobody was injured. The former glamour model, 44, crashed her BMW on the B2135 near Partridge Green in West Sussex while under the influence of drink and drugs in 2021. She was handed a suspended sentence, as well as being disqualified from driving for two years and ordered to pay £85 costs. Price was given a 16-week prison sentence, suspended for 12 months, with 100 hours of unpaid work and 20 rehabilitation activity requirement sessions to be completed within the next 12 months. Now the mum-of-five has reflected on the incident and admitted she hit ‘rock bottom’. ‘There’s no excuse,’ she told Nigel Farage on GB News on Thursday evening. ‘I’m just thankful I didn’t hurt anyone.’ She went on: ‘I did hit rock bottom. I’ve tried to kill myself. I could not have got any more bottom than I did. ‘But I’ve come up and am sorting myself out. There’s more to come from me, and I plan to be bigger and better.’ Elsewhere in the interview, Price said money was the ‘root of all evil’ as she publicly struggles with an ongoing bankruptcy ordeal. ‘I’ve had money and then lost money and it is not not everything in the world,’ she told host Farage. ‘In fact, it’s the root of all evil in my life. You know, I’ve had to pay this person, that person, then that person. You realise who your real friends are when you go through a tough time.’ OnlyFans model Price was declared bankrupt in November 2019 after falling into serious debt of £3.2million. She was previously ordered to pay £12,000 off every month for four years to her creditors after taking out an individual voluntary arrangement (IVA) in 2021, but failed to do so. Price managed to avoid going to jail in February last year over the failed repayments, after reportedly agreeing to a last-minute deal. According to the alleged terms, Price would pay a ‘small contribution’ to reduce her debt, as well as a new payment plan. She is set to face a judge again in February to discuss her debts. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price is certain she can recover from bankruptcy as she promises ‘comeback’ after hitting ‘rock bottom’ MORE : Katie Price reveals exact size of her implants after 16th boob job: ‘These are the biggest I’ve ever been’ 