Migos rapper Quavo has written an emotional tribute song to late nephew and fellow group member Takeoff, following the performer’s tragic death. Takeoff, real name Kirsnick Khari Ball, died in Houston on November 1 at the age of 28 when a shooting took place at a bowling alley in Houston, where he had enjoyed an evening with Quavo and dozens of other friends at a private party. Last month 33-year-old Patrick Xavier Clark was charged with murder in connection with the rapper’s death. Now more than two months after his death, Quavo, real name Quavious Keyate Marshall, posted a song to his social media on Wednesday. Titled Without You, the heartfelt and nostalgic track was accompanied by a black and white video of Quavo sitting in a chair smoking. The lyrics read: ‘Tears rolling down my eyes, can’t tell you how many times I cried. ‘Days ain’t the same without you, I don’t know if I’m the same without you.’ He wrote alongside the clip: ‘Love Live Take Infinity,’ with an infinity and a rocket emoji. LeBron James replied in the comments, writing: ‘Hold Ya Head Champ!!’ while Ty Dolla $ign and Meek Mill both responded with emoji. Migos found fame almost a decade ago with 2013 hit Versace, which hit even greater heights in popularity through a Drake remix. Takeoff was the youngest of the Migos trio and often considered to be its most laidback member, alongside his uncle and his cousin Offset, real name Kiari Kendrell Cephus. In his own tribute to Takeoff, Offset said the death had ‘left a hole in my heart that will never be filled’ and that his reality felt ‘like a nightmare’. The rapper, 30, added last month on Twitter: ‘In a dark place,’ along with a middle finger emoji. Offset’s wife, fellow acclaimed musician Cardi B, previously opened up about their loss in a now-deleted voice vote, admitting she felt ‘so hopeless’ trying to comfort her partner. ‘No lie, I have been feeling so hopeless trying to make my husband happy, trying to make him to crack a smile,’ the Bodak Yellow rapper, 30, said in the audio, which was picked up by the Neighborhood Talk. ‘F**king seeing him randomly cry, seeing him trying to distract his mind, completely f**king schedule been changing, trying to keep up with work after everything that he’s been going through these past couple of weeks.’ Offset previously shared his pain with fans with a raw statement following the news of Takeoff’s death, writing to the late musician directly. He wrote as part of the tribute: ‘I’ve been going to sleep and waking up hoping that all of this is a dream, but it’s reality, and reality feels like a nightmare.’ The rapper added: ‘Even though I know you will always be with us, throw me a lil sign or a beautiful dream. I love you forever, 4L and after.’ MORE : Migos rapper Takeoff honoured at AMAs weeks after death aged 28: ‘We have to stop senseless gun violence’ MORE : Offset shares heartbreaking tribute after Migos bandmate Takeoff’s death at 28: ‘Reality feels like a nightmare’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.