Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen) left EastEnders with niece Scarlett (Tabitha Byron) after Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) decided to stay in a bid to support her son. Sam, who was all set to move to Germany with ex-husband Ricky, has found herself conflicted this week, after discovering that her son, also named Ricky (Frankie Day), was going to be a dad. Ricky Jr opened up to her, pleading with her to stay, but Sam was adamant that she needed a fresh start, as she began to pack up her belongings for a new life. The manager of Peggy’s wine bar later watched on as Ricky Jr was taken to the station for questioning, but she soon received another shock when boyfriend Ricky proposed. Sam turned him down, asking him to give her an hour to make her mind up, as she headed to the police station to support her son during the interview in regards to 12-year-old Lily Slater’s (Lillia Turner) pregnancy. After doing so, she returned home, telling Ricky that she can’t go to Germany with him, as she has decided to step up and be a parent to Ricky Jr, who needs her more than ever right now. Ricky, while upset, knew that Sam was doing the right thing, and the former lovers bid farewell to one another, as Ricky left the Square with Scarlett, ready for their fresh start. Ricky Jr, meanwhile, was delighted when Sam arrived at his house to reveal that she had decided to stay in Walford. Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) was taken aback by her newfound commitment to her son, and even told her to stay and spend some time with Ricky Jr, who couldn’t have been more pleased to have his mum back in his life. EastEnders continues Monday January 30 at 7:30pm on BBC One. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Secret night of passion confirmed for loved up Finlay MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Martin exit, Lola death agony, Jack’s vile action against Lily