Animal testing on beauty products has long been a source of contention for beauty shoppers. While unfortunately animal testing is still the norm, a new list of popular beauty brands are now shoppable in China without going through testing. These brands are: Herbal Essences, Dove, Wet n Wild, Physicians Formula, First Aid Beauty, Supergoop!, Rituals, Aussie, Simple and Suave. It’s predicted even more brands will follow their lead across the year, hopefully bringing in a new wave of non-animal tested products. Cruelty-Free Kitty, an online community that holds brands to account and informs consumers, updated their database of brands sold in mainland China that avoid animal testing. They wrote on Instagram: ‘These brands have bypassed pre-market animal testing and are no longer subject to post-market animal testing. ‘This is exciting news for the future of a more ethical beauty industry in 2023 and beyond, and we’re looking forward to more brands taking the humane route to enter the Chinese market. ‘Following pressure from cruelty-free consumers around the world, animal welfare organizations, as well as some of the largest corporations on the planet, China has gradually relaxed their animal testing laws. ‘Since 2021, the prerequisite for pre-market animal testing has been lifted for most cosmetics being sold in the country. ‘In addition to this, we’ve confirmed that the practice of post-market testing no longer uses animals to determine safety.’ Cruelty-free shoppers are delighted by the news, though still urge other large brands to follow suit. One person wrote: ‘A step in the right direction. Thank you for keeping us up to date.’ Another added: ‘Although I won’t boycott these new brands I’ll still strongly support the brands that chose morals over profit and bowed out of the Chinese market to keep from animal testing!’ The animal testing fight is far from over, but this news is progress. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the beauty essentials to add to your gym kit – for during and after your workout MORE : How to bag a bargain on beauty products at half-price or less MORE : ‘Shop your stash’ to get more out of your makeup without spending a penny