Sam Smith’s new music video is the talk of the internet at the moment, with many music fans astounded by its NSFW nature. The singer, 30, recently released their album, Gloria, along with the single I’m Not Here To Make Friends. Now, the video starts off relatively innocent, with the Stay With Me hitmaker looked extremely glam, sitting in a gold helicopter before making a fashionable entrance to a castle via red carpet. The heat is soon turned up, however, as Sam begins smashing champagne bottles and singing on top of a piano, wearing some killer heels. In their next outfit, the star dons a dazzling corset and tiny underwear, going topless except for nipple pasties. The choreography is not for the faint-hearted, as dancers – wearing outfits with the bum cut out in a heart shape – lie on the floor and spread their legs before being sprayed with water. In the next scene and while Sam swings from a chandelier, extras gyrate on beds, with close-up shots focussing on their leather-clad crotches. Sam then bursts into choreo in the middle of the nearly-naked group, with a lot of sexually suggestive moves. The video concludes with the award-winning musician exiting the castle in style, sitting on the bonnet of a golden car while waving off their new scantily-clad friends. It would be an understatement to say the vid has sparked conversation, with many viewers feeling uncomfortable about the lack of age restrictions. ‘YouTube does not have any age restrictions on Sam Smiths degrading sexualised new music video,’ one person tweeted. ‘5 year olds can search this up and watch it with no content restrictions!’ The individual claimed the video is not ’empowering’ or ‘trendy’, but went as far as to label it ‘monstrous’. However, plenty jumped to defend Sam, specifically arguing that there are double standards when it comes to cisgender and heterosexual artists, and LGBTQ+ stars, given that Sam is non-binary and uses they/them pronouns. ‘My mum showed me Aliens when I was 7, I don’t think a Sam Smith video is gonna destroy the lives of kids,’ tweeted comedian Sooz Kempner. ‘If you are worried about your kids seeing the Sam Smith video then might I suggest not giving them unsupervised internet access and not expecting famous strangers to do your job for you?’, one person added. ‘Let’s be real, Sam Smith is criticised for producing a transgressive, sexualised music video due to homophobia, queerphobia & transphobia. Where’s the criticism of cis men’s misogyny (calling women b*****s) or cis women performing sexualised femininity in music videos? Hypocrisy,’ another wrote. One Twitter user added: ‘If you’re threatened by Sam Smith living their true, beautiful self then you you need to re-assess your own life, not Sam’s’. Joining in the chatter, comedian Janey Godley shared the Pussycat Dolls’ Buttons music video. She wrote: ‘If Sam Smith video upsets you how came you said nowt of the 15yrs of the Pussycat Dolls’. The backlash comes after Sam bravely opened up about the public reaction to their coming out, admitting they had been ‘spat at’ in the street after changing their pronouns. ‘It’s just so sad like that we’re in 2023 and it’s still happening. It’s exhausting,’ they said. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Susanna Reid forced to correct Richard Madeley on Sam Smith’s non-binary pronouns amid music video backlash MORE : Niall Horan, The 1975 and Lewis Capaldi confirmed on line-up for Radio 1’s Big Weekend in Dundee  