A flatscreen TV was completely shattered when a Twitch streamer decided to ‘play baseball’ in his room. Good decision making is not every Twitch streamers’ strong point, as they’re often more than keen to attempt stupid feats while broadcasting live. As a case in point, consider Twitch streamer Meyanyo, who smashed his TV when he decided to turn his room into an impromptu baseball pitch. In a ‘moments before disaster’ clip you can see Meyanyo throwing his plush toy in the air and hitting it with so much power that the baseball bat broke in two pieces. The throw was fuelled by inexplainable hatred towards the plushie, called Ravi, with Meyanyo sarcastically stating ‘This one’s for Ravi’ before all hell broke loose in his room. He was then left holding one piece of the bat, while the other half flew right into the centre of his TV, that he often used as a second screen for his streams. In the video, you can see Meyanyo standing still in front of the TV, unable to process what had just happened. He then showed the broken TV in all its glory, making it obvious that it was unsalvageable. Luckily Meyanyo and Ravi came out of the situation unscathed, though the plush toy’s safety isn’t guaranteed for much longer. In following stream, when asked what took over him when deciding to swing his baseball bat indoors, Meyanyo just pointed at Ravi. ‘This guy right here, his name is Ravi. We hate him. I hate him,’ Meyanyo said. ‘So, then I got the bat, and I was like… you know what, let’s yeet him,’ he added, as if that made sense. Shortly after the incident, Meyanyo replaced the TV, but not apparently the plushie. Don’t be surprised if he ends up pulling off a similar feat, as streamers don’t usually learn from their mistakes… especially the viral ones. Email gamecentral@metro.co.uk, leave a comment below, and follow us on Twitter. MORE : Twitch streamer Knut shows bathroom that hasn’t been cleaned in 22 years MORE : Now’s your chance to date Amouranth… in a NSFW adult video game MORE : Twitch streamer banned for a week for humping his Garfield plushie Follow Metro Gaming on Twitter and email us at gamecentral@metro.co.uk To submit Inbox letters and Reader’s Features more easily, without the need to send an email, just use our Submit Stuff page here. For more stories like this, check our Gaming page. 