He’s set hearts racing as a suave and sexy love interest on Emily in Paris and now Lucien Laviscount is being considered to play perhaps the greatest heartthrob of them all, James Bond. The British actor, 30, first appeared on our screens back in 2007 on teen drama Grange Hill, before going on to appear in Coronation Street and Waterloo Road, before competing on the eighth series of Celebrity Big Brother in 2011. In 2021 he joined the second season of Emily in Paris, playing the titular character’s love interest Alfie, who Emily (Lily Collins) meets during French language lessons after he moves to the city for a banking job. While they’ve had their ups and downs, the third season cliffhanger seems to suggest he might be leaving Paris for good. But now it is being reported that he’s being looked at to play James Bond, with Lucien the latest name to be brought up as a replacement for Daniel Craig. The actor seems to have caught the attention of the franchise’s producers Barbara Broccoli, who is searching for the next star after Craig’s 15-year tenure. ‘Lucien ticks all of the boxes,’ a source told The Daily Mail. ‘He is a super talented actor, is extremely handsome and in the past 18 months has won lots of new fans since he joined Emily In Paris. ‘Bond bosses are already saying how you can see him in the 007 tuxedo, how dapper and fitting to the role he will look.’ However, they added that the fact he appeared on Big Brother was a ‘sticking point’. ‘Lucien appeared on the show at a time when his acting career was not as high-profile as it is now, but he was very popular then and has a fan base now which stretches generations,’ they added. ‘That is a dream for Barbara who is very taken with him.’ However last year Broccoli said that camera’s wouldn’t start rolling on the next film for ‘at least two years’. Although she said ‘nobody’s in the running’ yet, bookmakers have been speculating who the next Bond might be, with William Hill most recently placing Kick-Ass star Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 32, as the frontrunner. They’ve also singled out Tom Hardy, Rege-Jean Page and Richard Madden as other options. Emily in Paris is streaming on Netflix. Metro.co.uk has contacted Universal Studios and Lucien Laviscount’s representatives. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emily In Paris should not be anyone’s guilty pleasure MORE : Emily in Paris exposed to be spending three times her actual salary on rent, clothes and food 