Huge congratulations are in order for John Legend and Chrissy Teigen who welcomed their new baby into their family. The baby was born on Friday January 13, John is said to have confirmed while performing at a private concert. The 43-year-old reportedly told the crowd that they welcomed ‘the little baby this morning’. ‘What a blessed day,’ he added. According to People, the musician admitted that he ‘didn’t get a lot of sleep’ but ‘feels energised’ after spending ‘a lot of time’ at the hospital. The couple were both open about the fact that they remained nervous but had a ‘cautious optimism’ about the model’s newest pregnancy, after suffering the loss of their third child in 2020. The 36-year-old model later revealed their late child Jack died due to a medical termination in order to save her life – rather than a miscarriage as she had originally assumed – in September 2020, as the couple learned their son ‘would not survive,’ and neither would she ‘without any medical intervention’. Chrissy and John are also parents to Luna, six, and Miles, four, and the American model opened up on how they wanted to expand their family, following the heartache of losing Jack. Chrissy announced she was pregnant again in August, but had said she remained ‘nervous’ about the experience. The TV personality then spoke of her relief as her pregnancy progressed, and how she felt a weight lift off her shoulders as her baby began to move. ‘I finally feel the baby so I don‘t need to text my doc for a daily drive by ultrasound any more,’ she wrote on Twitter. ‘Every appointment I’ve said to myself, “ok if it’s healthy today I’ll announce ‘but then I breathe a sigh of relief to hear a heartbeat and decide I’m just too nervous still.’ The couple has spoken publicly about their fertility issues and how their third child was the first conceived without IVF, while IVF was a success for them for their newest baby. Sharing photographs of her bump, as well as bruises on her leg from IVF shots, she wrote on Instagram: ‘The last few years have been a blur of emotions to say the least, but joy has filled our home and hearts again. 1 billion shots later (in the leg lately, as u can see!) we have another on the way,’ she said as she revealed her pregnancy.’ Discussing Jack’s death, Chrissy previously revealed: ‘Let’s just call it what it was: It was an abortion. An abortion to save my life for a baby that had absolutely no chance.’ The couple announced the death of their son in September 2020 with a heartbreaking social media post featuring harrowing back-and-white photos of Chrissy crying in a hospital bed. She wrote in the caption: ‘We are shocked and in the kind of deep pain you only hear about, the kind of pain we’ve never felt before. ‘We were never able to stop the bleeding and give our baby the fluids he needed, despite bags and bags of blood transfusions. It just wasn’t enough.’ They truly deserve this happy time with their newest edition to their family. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives of Chrissy Teigen and John Legend for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chrissy Teigen asks fans for help during waxing emergency as she nears end of pregnancy MORE : John Legend and pregnant Chrissy Teigen already want more children: ‘It’s a lot of folks’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 