Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola launched an incredible rant, blasting his players and fans despite a 4-2 victory over Tottenham on Thursday night. It looked set to be a bad night for the Premier League champions when they were 2-0 down at half-time but they stormed back to a memorable victory after the break. Julian Alvarez, Erling Haaland and Riyad Mahrez twice scored to put City back within five points of Arsenal at the top of the table, but Guardiola was not impressed at all. The Spaniard was happy with the result, but with pretty much nothing else he saw or heard at the Etihad, hitting out at the attitude of his players and supporters. ‘I cannot deny how happy we are but we are far away from the team that we were,’ Guardiola told Sky Sports. ‘Not in terms of play, we played good in the first half but there are many things in terms of competitiveness, in terms of what we have to do in many many things, we are far away. ‘There is nothing from the stomach and the guts. Today we were lucky but if we do not change then sooner or later we are going to drop points again.’ On what he felt was missing, Guardiola explained: ‘Passion, fire, and desire and to win from minute one. It’s the same with our spectators, our fans had a silent 45 minutes. ‘They boo [at half-time] because we were losing, but that’s the same as our team, maybe we were so comfortable winning four Premier Leagues in five years. After they scored a goal we react, but that is not the point.’ The City boss feels that a complacency has set in at the club, among the players and fans and he wants rid of it as they battle to retain the Premier League title. ‘Definitely [a fire has gone out] otherwise we would not concede the goals we concede in every single game,’ he said. ‘Today we were lucky, but after we will not be lucky. ‘It’s my duty, my job [to get the fire back]. I want my fans back. I want my fans here. Not my away fans, my away fans are the best, I want the fans here. ‘We have to do it, but everyone is too relaxed.’ Arsenal are leading the Premier League and look impressive doing so, with Guardiola feeling that it is the passion of players who have gone a long time without titles that are making the difference. ‘We have an opponent in Arsenal who have the FIRE,’ he contined. ‘Two decades without winning the Premier League. And every player feels they will be in history, like we did when we first won the Premier League and broke all the records and won back-to-back. ‘I am explaining the reality that everything is so comfortable but opponents don’t wait. Of course I’m not [happy]. I don’t recognise my team. My team always has passion, has desire to run and everything.’ MORE : Arsenal were shown ‘massive problem’ by Manchester City against Tottenham, says Jamie Carragher MORE : Micah Richards slams ‘unacceptable’ Manchester City fans during Tottenham game For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.