Teachers in England and Wales will walk out of classrooms in February and March after a dispute over pay. Nine out of ten teachers who are members of the National Education Union (NEU) voted in favour of strikes. The union has announced seven days of walkouts – but said any individual school will only be impacted by four days. The first day of strikes will be Wednesday, February 1, with more than 23,000 schools across England and Wales affected, the NEU said. The final day of action will be on Thursday, March 16. Overall, 300,000 teachers and support staff were asked to vote on strike action, with 90% of teacher members in England and 92% in Wales voting in favour. Support staff at Welsh schools are also set to down tools over pay, with 88% of balloted members backing strikes. However, support staff in schools and sixth form colleges in England did not reach the 50% ballot turnout required by law for action. The National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT) is also due to announce its ballot strikes today. The NEU said teachers in sixth-form colleges in England, who have already been balloted and on strike in recent months, will also take part in action on the strike days between February 1 and March 16. The pay dispute was ignited after the Department for Education (DfE) offered a five per cent pay rise to most teachers for the current school year. But the NEU believes a fully-funded pay rise above inflation is fair. A series of planned walkouts over pay prompted the government to announce it will bring in a raft of anti-strike laws – affecting six sectors including the health service, rail, education, fire and border security. READ MORE: Who’s on strike this week? Latest updates for January 16 – 22 Joint NEU general secretaries, Mary Bousted and Kevin Courtney, said the union has repeatedly raised concerns about pay and funding with successive education secretaries but said ministers had ‘sat on their hands’. ‘It is disappointing that the government prefers to talk about yet more draconian anti-strike legislation, rather than work with us to address the causes of strike action,’ they said. The union said teachers are leaving the profession ‘in droves’ after historic real-terms pay cuts created an ‘unsustainable situation’, branded a ‘scandalous waste of talent’. Dr Bousted and Mr Courtney said they hope the dispute is resolved without walkouts. “We regret having to take strike action, and are willing to enter into negotiations at any time, any place, but this situation cannot go on,’ they warned. Last week, schools across Scotland were closed as members of unions including the Educational Institute of Scotland, the world’s oldest teachers trade union, took action. And youngsters in will miss more lessons this week as EIS members begin 16 days of rolling strike action on Monday. Education Secretary Gillian Keegan told the Commons today that she intends to meet education union leaders later this week but described the vote for action as ‘deeply disappointing’. Downing Street called on teachers not to inflict what it described as ‘substantial damage’ to children’s education, ahead of the announcement this afternoon. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak’s spokesman, said: ‘We would hope they would continue to discuss with us their concerns rather than withdraw education from children.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.