A four-year-old girl has died after being attacked by a dog in the back garden of a house in Milton Keynes. Emergency services were called shortly after 5pm on Tuesday to a report that a dog had attacked a child at a property in Broadlands, Netherfield. Police quickly confirmed that the child had died at the property. Officers remain at the scene, where the dog has since been humanely destroyed. No one else was hurt as a result of the incident, and the child’s family is being supported by specially trained officers at this incredibly difficult time. No arrests have been made in connection with this investigation. Superintendent Matt Bullivant said: ‘This is an absolutely tragic incident, in which we believe that a child has been killed after being attacked by a dog. ‘Clearly, we are in the very early stages of an investigation, and it would be wrong and unhelpful to speculate as to the exact circumstances of this incident at this point. ‘However, in order to ensure public safety, a decision was made earlier this evening to destroy the dog involved, and this has been done humanely. ‘I understand how much of an impact this will have on the community and on the wider public, and people can expect to see a large police presence in the area this evening and beyond while our investigation continues. ‘I would like to reassure people that there is no reason to believe there is any danger to the wider public at this time. ‘Anyone with concerns should feel free to approach our officers and ask questions, but I urge people not to speculate about the circumstances, especially on social media platforms. ‘I also understand that this case is likely to attract attention from the media. With this in mind I would like to ask that the privacy of the family involved is respected at this very difficult time. ‘It is impossible to imagine what they must be going through at the moment. ‘We will provide further updates when we are in a position to do so.’ Mourners were pictured leaving flowers outside the home on Wednesday. If you have any information about this incident which you think could help our investigation, please call 101, quoting reference number 20230131-1546. Alternatively, you can make a report online, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.