Robbie Knievel, the son of daredevil Evel Knievel, has died at the age of 60. The stuntman is believed to have spent his final days in hospice care after previously being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died early Friday morning (January 13), with his daughters by his side, according to TMZ. Also known by the nickname Kaptain Robbie Knievel, the late star followed in his famous father’s footsteps with his love for stunts and all things danger. Knievel rode his first bike at the age of just four and got the wild opportunity to perform at Madison Square Garden during his dad’s show when he was just eight. He went on to set world records for his stunts, having been mentored by his dad in order to master the art of jumping over objects. The late star performed over 350 jumps in his career, with one of his most publicised stunts being in 2009 when he jumped over the man-made volcano in front of the Mirage Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. But he also had his fair share of personal struggles, openly admitting his battle with alcoholism and once describing himself as a ‘drinking, driving daredevil.’ Knievel made concerning comments in the past when interviewed on his addiction, once having his license suspended due to a DUI (Driving Under the Influence) arrest. The stuntman is survived by daughters Krysten and Karmen, as well as a granddaughter and grandson, Analise and Kane. Meanwhile, his dad Evel died of pulmonary disease in Clearwater, Florida, in 2007, at the age of 69. The entertainer – who was incredibly popular in the 1970s and 1980s – was known for wearing red, white and blue jumpsuits, which his son went on to adopt himself. Born Robert Craig Knievel, Evel gained his nickname after spending a night in jail in 1956 following an arrest for reckless driving. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michael Jackson’s sister La Toya Jackson pays tribute to his ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley: ‘Thank you for being so honest’ MORE : Pamela Anderson has still never watched her infamous sex tape with Tommy Lee: ‘It was very hurtful’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 