Rihanna has shared a little taste of what to expect from her upcoming Super Bowl halftime show with a dramatic teaser video – and it looks epic. The 30-second clip hints that the 34-year-old music icon has got one hell of a performance up her sleeve for the NFL championship game, which is often watched by nearly 100 million Americans every year. ‘It’s been 2,190 days,’ a voice is heard saying as the video begins, before others are heard discussing Rihanna’s return, asking, ‘Rihanna, where have you been?’ Rihanna’s long absence from music, with her latest album Anti being released in 2016, has left fans gagging for new tunes from her for years, and she pokes fun at the endless yearning in the clip. The star has also been having a baby, by the way, with fellow music legend A$AP Rocky, 34, while taking a break from music after bagging eight studio albums in what has been a pretty damn impressive career so far. The pair welcomed their firstborn in May 2022, but we are yet to discover the little one’s name. Rihanna, whose real name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty, looks utterly fierce in the teaser trailer from Apple Music. Illuminated by a bright white spotlight while wearing a luxurious yellow fluffy shawl and heavy silver chains around her neck, the singer oozes drama. To hush the speculation as to where she’s been, the Umbrella singer then simply places a single finger to her lips. The video then features a snippet from her 2016 song Needed Me as its soundtrack. We can’t wait to see who else Rihanna will be joined by for the show, which is the Barbadian singer’s first major live performance in many years. Previously, the singer declined an invitation to perform at the 2019 Super Bowl halftime show out of solidarity with former US football player Colin Kaepernick, who became recognised around the world for taking a knee to protest racial injustice in the US. The show has previously been headlined by global superstars including Shakira and Jennifer Lopez, and it’s been a whole 10 years since Beyonce took the stage for her iconic show. Last year Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg took the title slot, and were joined by Mary J Blige, Eminem, Kendrick Lamar and 50 Cent. Last month Rihanna got her first Golden Globe nomination for Lift Me Up, which she recorded for hit film Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, but the singer lost to RRR’s Naatu Naatu. Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga were also up for the award. The Super Bowl will be televised live in the UK on both BBC One and on the Sky Sports network on February 12 at 11.30pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna’s Super Bowl performance will be ‘unlike anything you’ve ever seen before,’ promises musical director MORE : Rihanna and A$AP Rocky make surprise Golden Globes appearance and we can’t get over how loved-up they look  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.