James Haskell has defended Prince Harry over his bombshell book, against Piers Morgan’s wrath about Spare. Not long after making his explosive return to TalkTV, Morgan made his views over the memoir heard loud and clear. ‘The claims he’s made this week have detonated a bomb. But this weapons-grade hypocrite has done nothing more than reduce his own reputation to rubble,’ he said. ‘And, after torching what’s left of the bridges back to his family, he now begins a new “personal journey” we are told – one that ends with ridicule, and irrelevance.’ But on Wednesday’s instalment of Piers Morgan Uncensored, former rugby player Haskell hit back at Piers’ point of view, saying he wanted to be ‘objective about his friend’. He said: ‘In his position, you very rarely get to tell your story without a journalist interviewing you,’ adding that during written or spoken interviews Prince Harry’s words could be ‘edited’ or ‘altered’. Haskell continued: ‘So I feel he has written this book as a way of saying, “Regardless of what has happened, this is how I feel.” ‘I’m not saying if it’s true or not. I’ve got no comment, I don’t really care to be honest with you, but I am saying he has put this out there to go, “This is my version, I’ve finally got an opportunity to speak.” ‘Now whether he should have spoken, whether what he said was right or wrong that’s another story. ‘I just feel that people in that position often don’t get to tell their story and I think he’s done it in a way that most of his peers and most of his family have never had the opportunity to do. ‘I think that’s important because it cannot be misinterpreted or shouldn’t be misinterpreted.’ However, Morgan retaliated with: ‘If they all did what he’s done, the monarchy would die a very quick death.’ ‘They would become a real-life soap opera,’ the broadcaster added, saying: ‘It would be utterly catastrophic for the reputation of the royal family.’ During his return to Uncensored, Morgan raged over Harry’s memoir and interviews, saying: ‘The Prince who fled Britain to protect his family’s privacy has laid bare every tawdry detail of his private life, from drug abuse to intimate conversations with his father the King, even at Prince Philip’s funeral. ‘The dad who fears for the security of his family apparently has put a target on their backs now and on the backs of the royal family and on his former military colleagues with his stupid boasts about killing 25 Taliban, which he calls chess pieces. ‘The “BeKind” ambassador – so earnestly invested in women’s rights – brags about mocking a disabled matron at his prep school. He names her, he said she was called Pat and too greasy to make him feel horny… how does she feel about that if she is still around? How do her family feel about that?’ He then directed his commentary straight at Prince Harry. ‘What’s sad, Harry, is your public self-destruction and the remorseless way you savaged your loved ones to airbrush yourself,’ he said. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan unleashes fury at Prince Harry’s public ‘self-destruction’ in explosive return to TalkTV MORE : Piers Morgan furiously clashes with Trisha Goddard over Prince Harry’s racism denial: ‘I’ll tell you what racism is’ 