I’m standing in the shadow of the revolving Piz Gloria restaurant in Switzerland, which was blown up in the James Bond movie On Her Majesty’s Secret Service. And I’m feeling more than a little like 007 myself as I peer down the notoriously steep Inferno downhill race course in Mürren, nearly 10,000ft up. At 14.9 kilometres (9.25 miles) it’s the world’s longest, oldest and perhaps craziest downhill amateur ski race. It was first held in 1928, and runs from just below the Schilthorn mountain down to the village of Lauterbrunnen. As the countdown begins for my blast down the slope, I’m wondering whether I should have packed some 007 Q-style kit. Perhaps a parachute in case I accidentally cross the marker poles warning of the deadly precipices at the edge of the piste. ‘If the devil could ski, the Inferno would be his first choice’. That’s what locals in this beautiful Swiss mountain village say about the race, which attracts competitors from around the world every January. This year’s intrepid skiers will be taking to the course this week, from Wednesday to Saturday. It’s open to anyone who can ski a red or black run, but because of its popularity you have to apply via a lottery for a coveted race bib. Up to 1,850 ski racers will speed down the course – last year’s winner managed the descent in a blistering seven minutes, 13 seconds. I was lucky enough to take part in that race to find out how challenging it really is. My journey to Mürren – which, from Zurich airport, included two trains, a cable car and a little alpine train – was punctuated by conversations with strangers. All were headed to the Inferno. And all had done it at least four or five times before (one daredevil skier in the Inferno’s history participated 55 times). There’s an incredible atmosphere the next morning as racers pile into the cable car to the top of the Schilthorn. AC/DC’s Highway To Hell blasts out over the speakers with skiers singing along, and we catch the most incredible sunrise. Everyone enjoys a hearty ‘James Bond’ breakfast in the Piz Gloria, and as I look out, the mighty Eiger, Mönch and Jungfrau mountains come into view, confirming why it was the perfect choice for a Bond movie. As we line up for the start, the clanging of spectators’ cowbells gets our adrenaline pumping. The racers start 12 seconds apart until the final one sets off at around 3.30pm. The course is infinitely better at the beginning as it’s less rutted by other skiers. As a first timer, I’m given one of the envied first 100 spots (after that, you run according to your ranking in previous races). I’m sick with nerves as the buzzer counts me down. ‘Three, two, one – go!’ yells the race marshal when the electronic gate opens. The course is a mix of steep downhill, long thigh-burning schussing (fast, straight downhill runs), traverses with sheer drops to your right, uphill climbs through the Woodcutters forest and icy hairpin bends. I misjudge my speed at one sharp bend and crash, rolling over several times, but the crowds yell, ‘Get up, keep going!’ By far the worst part is the uphill climb. Fitter skiers schuss further along the Woodcutters path and then skate (a skiing technique for getting uphill) upwards with much more ease but I don’t travel nearly as far on the schuss and end up skating and poleing my way up. Gasping for air with my thighs burning, I feel like collapsing at the end of a long climb but the agony is still not over. Down I go on to the Palace Run that leads me towards the finish line in Mürren. The sadistic organisers even placed the finish line after a little bit more uphill as well. I finish in a relatively pedestrian 14 minutes – former Olympic skier Graham Bell blasts over the finish line in half that. In 2016, Pippa Middleton, sister of the Princess of Wales, was placed 67th out of 105 competitors after completing the course in 12min 28sec. Britain and Mürren share a special bond, too. Mürren’s tourism director, Rachel Arkin, describes it as ‘a close and lived friendship’. In World War I, injured British prisoners of war were interned here as part of a deal between the great powers (injured German PoWs went to Davos) and some of the soldiers wed locals. British tourism pioneer Sir Arnold Lunn saw how the village could be developed for tourism in the 1920s and 1930s, and Mürren became the cradle of skiing and ski racing. Even now, the Inferno race is a pilgrimage for adventurous amateur and intermediate skiers. Alternatively, you can watch from the sidelines, swig schnapps and enjoy the all-day party atmosphere. And at the end of it all, there’s a parade and party in the evening, where it all finishes with the spectacular burning of an effigy of the devil – sent back to the terrifying inferno from which he came. Applications for next year’s race open from mid-June and close mid-Sept via inferno-muerren.ch. Flights from London to Zurich from £47 return, easyjet.com. Rooms at Hotel Alpina from £153pn, alpinamuerren.ch. For more information, visit muerren.swiss or myswitzeland.com MORE : I went to Finland to see if saunas and winter swimming could give me my ‘sisu’ MORE : Britain’s top five spa stays for a relaxing staycation