David Beckham was forced to jump over a fence to escape fans as he supported his son Romeo Beckham while he made his debut for Brentford’s B team at a football match in south east London. Ever the supportive dad, 47-year-old David was seen smiling as he watched 20-year-old Romeo take to the pitch after being sent on as a substitute in the match’s second half. Romeo signed his deal with the west London team last week, appearing on loan from his dad’s own US team Inter Miami II. But it seems the 554 fans of the beautiful game who were in attendance at the match were soon distracted as they noticed the superstar sat amongst the crowd, soon mobbing him in the hopes of getting a selfie. David was seen smiling as he sat amongst the fans, seemingly obliging for the first few fans before he decided to make a hasty exit from the grounds. It wasn’t long before the dad-of-four was spotted climbing out of the stand and jumping over a fence as he left Park View Road stadium. Throwing up his hood to shield him from the rain, David was then seen pushing his way through trees and shrubbery as he made his way home. However, having his dad in attendance seemed to bring luck to Romeo, as he team won 3-2 against home team Erith & Belvedere. Proud dad David shared the news of Romeo’s shock signing last week, posting a snap of both him and his son holding one of the team’s shirts. He wrote: ‘Exciting start to the year. Now the hard work & fun begins. Proud of you mate @romeobeckham’. After the deal was announced, the second-eldest Beckham child said he is ‘very proud and very happy’ to be in his new kit. ‘I came here at the start to keep fit during the off-season,’ he said. ‘The chance then came to come on loan here, and I’ve never been so excited.’ Romeo added: ‘It was a fun season [in the USA] and there were a lot of ups and downs, but I’m excited to come here and see what I can do. ‘They’ve (the coaches) helped me massively over the last couple of months, and I’m excited to see what else they can help me with to really progress in football.’ Singing Brentford’s praises, he continued: ‘If you look at Brentford as a club, it’s very positive, and it’s a club that is on the rise very quickly. ‘I’m very grateful to be here.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Victoria Beckham’s brands suffer ‘£66,000,000 losses since launch’ MORE : David and Victoria Beckham bury feud rumours and wish daughter-in-law Nicola Peltz happy birthday amid son Brooklyn’s emotional post 