Kim Kardashian cropped Jennifer Lopez out of a loving birthday tribute to Oprah Winfrey, before quickly uploading the original version to Instagram. The stars were out in full force on Saturday for a party held in Beverly Hills, to celebrate the 25-year anniversary of Anastasia Soara’s beauty brand. They gathered for a string of snaps on the night, with Sofia Vergara, Kris Jenner, Heidi Klum, Jessica Alba and Priyanka Chopra also lucky enough to get on the packed guest list. For those of us who didn’t quite manage to snag an invite, JLo gave a glimpse into the celebrations on Instagram, sharing a string of photos beside Kim and Oprah – who turned 69 on Sunday. ‘Lovely dinner last night celebrating Anastasia’s 25th anniversary,’ she captioned the upload. However, the Shotgun Wedding actress found herself quite literally out of the picture when the Skims founder marked the TV icon’s birthday on the platform. Instead, Kim zoomed in on herself and Oprah while sharing a picture from the night on her Instagram story with Jen cropped out of the frame. ‘Happy birthday @Oprah. @Sharonstone said it best last night toasting to you that you mean the world! Happy birthday!’ The mom-of-four soon followed this up with a more in depth look at the bash, with a string of pictures on her grid. ‘Celebrating @anastasiasoare’s 25 year anniversary of her brand @anastasiabeverlyhills,’ she wrote. ‘The women who have been on this journey with you coming together to celebrate you was magical! ‘You are the epitome of the American Dream and I couldn’t be more proud of you. ‘I look up to you, you give the best advice and hearing everyone’s kind words about you just reminded me what I already knew.’ Of course, this isn’t the first time Kim has caused a stir with her Instagram antics – last year she was called out for posting edited pictures of her daughter Chicago enjoying a day out at Disneyland with sister Khloe Kardashian’s eldest child, True. It later emerged that she had actually edited pictures of her niece over existing photos of Kylie Jenner’s daughter, Stormi, who was actually on the trip instead. Yes, seriously. After being caught out, she attempted to explain her way out of the drama, revealing that she had asked Kylie if she could post the real photo as it fit a running color theme on her Instagram page,  but her sibling ‘didn’t want any pics of Stormi out’ at that time. Instead of banking the picture for a later date, Kim went one further and instead placed True’s body over the Stormi and clicked upload. ‘Basically, I have a grid for IG and I’m doing pinks and blues,’ she said on a recent episode of the Kardashians. ‘There was the cutest picture of Chi and Stormi at Disneyland and they’re wearing pink. ‘I sent it to Kylie for approval, she goes, “No, I really don’t want any pics of Stormi out right now”. I respect it so I Photoshop True’s face onto Stormi’s body.’ Turning to the camera, she added: ‘You heard it here first. It’s not a major scandal, I just wanted my grid pink and blue. ‘Photoshop fail, but whatever.’ We still don’t truly understand… Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Actor James Martin is going back to work at Starbucks despite starring in Oscar-nominated film MORE : Tom Cruise accidentally crashes Gemma Collins’ birthday meal and party guests Jedward were buzzing  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 