Paul Scholes still views Manchester City as the favourite to win the Premier League this season despite their derby defeat to Manchester United and has revealed two concerns over current leaders Arsenal. Erik ten Hag’s Red Devils came from behind to beat Man City 2-1 at Old Trafford and move to within one point of their local rivals in the Premier League table. Jack Grealish’s second-half goal looked to be guiding Manchester City to victory but the hosts scored twice in the space of four minutes to turn the derby around. United’s equaliser came in controversial fashion as Bruno Fernandes scored despite the nearby presence of Marcus Rashford in an offside position. Manchester City were furious at the overturned decision and their mood only worsened as Rashford continued his brilliant run of form to net a winner just minutes later. Scholes now views Manchester United as Premier League title contenders but still expects Man City to chase down Arsenal, who will go eight points clear if they win Sunday’s north London derby. Mikel Arteta’s Arsenal have enjoyed a brilliant season but Scholes believes the lack of depth at the Emirates Stadium and an ‘inexperienced’ squad could yet be exposed. ‘We’ve learned that Manchester United can beat a big team when the pressure is on and when they needed to,’ Scholes told BT Sport. ‘Are they in the title race? I think you have to say they are. If they keep people fit, they’re one point behind Man City now. ‘City are still the favourites for me, they’re still the best team in this league. It’s one thing winning games now but March or April time it’s so hard to win those games. ‘Arsenal are doing really well, they look a really good team but injuries could effect them and inexperience. ‘They’ve got a manager who hasn’t won a league title, players who haven’t won them trophies really. ‘There’s still 20 games to go. This could all change by February.’ Manchester United boss Ten Hag, meanwhile, insisted he was ‘really happy’ with his team’s performance as they avenged a 6-3 drubbing to Man City in the reverse fixture. ‘The first half we played very well,’ he said. ‘We defended very well and broke in good opportunities. We were really happy at half-time. ‘Then they scored. But the spirit of the team is so huge, the belief is there that the game is 90 minutes and we can fight back. I’m really happy with the performance of the team.’ MORE : Casemiro the most important part in Manchester United’s jigsaw, says Rio Ferdinand MORE : Pep Guardiola takes swipe over Man Utd equaliser and makes title claim For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 