Schoolchildren will miss more lessons in Scotland today as teachers take further strike action. They will be on the picket lines for the next two weeks in a dispute over pay as the country sees huge increases in inflation and the cost of living. In the last few months, many industries including nurses, doctors, ambulance drivers, taxi drivers, rail workers, civil servants, barristers and bus drivers have all taken industrial action. Last weekend was the only time this year so far there were no unions or industries were on strike. Teacher strikes started on Monday with two of Scotland’s 32 local authority areas walking out each day until February 6. The Educational Institute of Scotland (EIS) confirmed the dates, which come in addition to a 16-day programme of rolling industrial action set to begin next week. The strikes from teachers come after failed talks between unions, councils and the Scottish government. The teaching unions have rejected a 5% pay increase, including rises of up to 6.85% for the lowest-paid staff and have instead requested a 10% pay rise. Scotland’s education secretary Shirley-Anne Somerville has insisted the 10% figure teachers are demanding is unaffordable. Previous walkouts among teachers were held in November 2022 and on January 10 and 11 – which led to closures of every mainland school in Scotland. EIS general secretary Andrea Bradley said she hoped to get back around the negotiating table later this week. But speaking on BBC Radio’s Good Morning Scotland programme, Ms Bradley said there was ‘growing frustration’ from teachers as previous talks failed to result in an improved pay offer. She said: ‘Morale is high but, obviously, there’s a growing frustration at the lack of urgency being shown by the Scottish government and Cosla to settle this dispute. ‘[Teachers] are having to take strike action in freezing temperatures. This is not action that they should be having to take, it’s simply to achieve a fair pay settlement.’ The Scottish Secondary Teachers’ Association (SSTA) has warned further action will be taken if the Scottish government does not put forward a suitable pay offer. Ms Somerville said: ‘Strikes in our schools are in no one’s interest – including for pupils, parents and carers who have already had to deal with significant disruption over the past three years. ‘It is disappointing that the EIS has proceeded to escalate industrial action – we are continuing to urge teaching unions to reconsider their plans while talks are ongoing. ‘Recent discussions have been constructive. There has been a shared understanding that talks have been focused on discussing potential areas for compromise – not on tabling a new offer at this stage. ‘To date we have made four offers, all of which have been rejected, but we remain absolutely committed to reaching an agreement on a pay deal that is fair and sustainable for all concerned.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.