Harry Kane is ‘open’ to joining Manchester United at the end of the season as Erik ten Hag makes the Tottenham and England striker his top summer target. Kane was heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford in the summer of 2021 and United have revived their interest in the 29-year-old after backing from Ten Hag. The Dutch manager is looking for Manchester United’s long-term No. 9, having got rid of Cristiano Ronaldo in November. United signed Netherlands striker Wout Weghorst earlier in the month but the Burnley flop is viewed as a stop-gap signing, with United intending to spend big on a new hit-man next summer. According to the Daily Mail, Manchester United have already started working on a deal for Kane, with sources indicating that the Spurs hero would be open to the move. Kane has spent almost two decades at Tottenham, scoring 265 goals in 414 appearances since graduating from the club’s academy in 2011. The England captain will enter the final 12 months of his contract come the summer and Tottenham are pessimistic over their chances of an extension.  If Spurs continue to struggle under Antonio Conte and finish outside the Champions League places – they are currently fifth having played a game more than their top-four rivals – then Kane will be even more tempted to leave. Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy ultimately hopes that does not materialise and Kane decides to stay, but will look for offers in excess of £85m if it becomes clear that the striker is moving on. That figure could increase for a Premier League rival, however, with Bayern Munich and Real Madrid also keeping tabs on Kane ahead of the summer window. Kane is said to be intrigued by the possibility of moving abroad but will likely target a Premier League move as he hopes to break Alan Shearer’s all-time goalscoring record in the competition. While Ten Hag is reportedly hoping to welcome Kane to Old Trafford, the Daily Mail say Napoli striker Victor Osimhen and Red Bull Salzburg forward Benjamin Sesko are also attracted interest from Manchester United. Meanwhile, Ten Hag has suggested the Red Devils’ January transfer business may not be over despite the arrival of Weghorst.  ‘I think Manchester United always you have to look for solutions & always you have to look for better,’ Ten Hag said at his pre-match press conference this week. ‘That is what we will do. We will be doing our research and if there are opportunities, yeah, we have to go for it.’ United have impressed under Ten Hag to climb to third in the Premier League ahead of Sunday’s trip to leaders Arsenal. MORE : Gary Neville reacts to Casemiro blow and makes Arsenal vs Man Utd prediction MORE : Robert Lewandowski has already hailed new Arsenal signing Jakub Kiwior For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 