Kate Moss has accidentally revealed she wasn’t very popular at an Irish wedding. The supermodel, 49, is known for having been fond of a party back in the day, and has now regaled fans with the story of a boozy trip she took to Ireland. However, during the tale, she reveals that she and her friends gained a nickname during the trip – and despite what Kate thought, it’s not a friendly one. In an interview with British Vogue, the star was asked about any nicknames she has, to which she recalled attending a wedding in Ireland and being called a ‘wagon’. ‘We got a little bit tipsy at a wedding, and I think in Irish ‘Wagon’ is drunk,’ she said in the video interview. ‘So basically we were all wagons. During that time we were all doing shows and drinking a lot of champagne, and calling each other wagon.’ All sounds lovely… except for the fact wagon does not mean ‘drunk in Irish’, and is actually a serious insult. It’s not a swear, it’s not something that would be bleeped out if said on TV before the watershed, but it is utterly devastating – usually said out of the corner of your mouth, with an eyeroll, muttering: ‘She’s a wagon, that one.’ Unfortunately, Kate telling this story to the public means the bubble of ignorant bliss has been well and truly burst, as Irish people flocked to Twitter and to British Vogue’s original TikTok to set things straight. ‘Whoever got them to say they were wagons is still telling that story I bet,’ one TikTok user said. Another suggested Kate must have overheard someone calling her that and the person who insulted her tried to recover, ‘hence this’. One said simply, ‘Oh Kate, that’s not what it means.’ On Twitter, author Louise McSharry kindly explained to her UK followers, ‘in Ireland a wagon is used to describe an annoying woman. A pain in the a**e. A disagreeable nuisance. Not… this.’ User Eoin Ó Catháin, who shared the clip to Twitter, said he was ‘SCREAMING at some middle-aged woman working a banquet hall calling Kate Moss a wagon and it forever altering the course of history.’ Sorry you had to find out this way, Kate. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Moss is pretty in pink hair for latest modelling campaign with Marc Jacobs MORE : Lottie Moss says sister Kate Moss ‘never really supported me’ in 2022 reflection post after getting cheek tattoo  