With Chinese New Year starting on Sunday January 22, people around the world will be getting ready to celebrate. It also marks the start of a new season within the Chinese zodiac, with 2023 being hailed as the year of the Rabbit. Within this form of astrology, each year is represented by a different animal, with those born within the signs said to share certain traits. There are also classifications associated with the signs that change on a rolling basis – Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal, and Water, which is this year’s element. But what does all this mean in practice? For those not familiar with the Chinese zodiac, here’s everything you need to know about the year of the Water Rabbit – and what it means for your plans. You are likely to be a Rabbit native if you were born in the following years: The Chinese zodiac is said to stem from an old proverb called The Great Race. As the story goes, the Jade Emperor tasked a group of animals to get across a flowing river. The order they arrived in would determine their place on the calendar. The Rabbit came fourth, nimbly jumping from one stone to another and grabbing a floating log to make it to shore when it fell. As such, the animal is associated with a patient and calm approach. However, this rationality is tempered by the fact the rabbit could potentially have come first but was hampered by arrogance. It was so confident in it’s speed that it took a nap, only to realise others had made it across when it awoke. Although the Rabbit is perceived as polite and peaceful, natives of the sign harbour a quiet sense of ambition. They must be careful to avoid their kindness being taken as weakness, while keeping perspective on what’s achievable. Rabbit natives are said to be steady and cautious on their journey towards their goals, but dislike routine or monotony in their lives. Though they think before they leap, they need spontaneity to ensure they don’t lose interest. In their career, these reasoning skills and attention to detail will make them invaluable – especially in academia or high pressure roles. Their innate empathy also allows them to thrive in social situations and in the creative industries. The Water Rabbit in particular is linked to style and beauty, so may be suited to roles within fashion or art (although this may manifest in the way someone dresses or decorates their home). The Rabbit’s biggest issue is insecurity, so natives of the sign should surround themselves with supportive people and practice self care. According to the Chinese zodiac, the signs most compatible with the Rabbit are the Dog, Pig, and Goat. Rabbit and Dog natives both appreciate a quiet life, prioritising loyalty and lack of conflict in their relationships. This makes them a great match. The Pig is known for its bluntness and love of comfort, which perfectly compliments the rabbit. There will be no ambiguity in this partnership, and a direct approach will bolster their connection. Goat natives share the Rabbit’s creative outlook, and the Goat’s need for stability matches well with the bunny sign’s love of taking care of people. Those born in the Year of the Rabbit share characteristics, but Chinese astrology dictates that it impacts how the year will shape up too. Because the Rabbit is known for its ability to create lasting relationships, 2023 is set to be a big one socially. That means networking, deepening connections with existing friends and partners, and using people skills to hit new heights. The Rabbit also represents prosperity, which signals it’s a great time to focus on careers and building income. All signs should consider taking on a side hustle, going for a promotion, or wisely investing to grow their wealth. Wise a key word here, and it’s important for people to look to the Rabbit and exercise caution in decisions. Be vigilant, as scams may get the better of you otherwise. The creativity of the Water Rabbit makes it a fantastic year for branching out and learning new skills – especially in the arts. Tap into that energy and opportunity may just knock. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : My ideal birthday present is 24 hours away from my family – it’s what I’m getting this year MORE : Excruciating rashes from steroid cream withdrawal left mum suicidal