Money and cutting back is ultimately on everyone’s minds at the moment, especially when it comes to making small everyday changes to save those pennies. From making the most of your make-up and maximising your mascara to students get their peri-peri fix and a discount at Nando’s. Let’s not forget parents who can a great discount on the kids department where they don’t have to pay VAT on children’s clothes or shoes. Below you will find the weekly Bargain Hunter’s tips, Kara Gammell shares everyday life hacks that will save you money… Don’t you just hate it when your favourite mascara runs out or, worse, dries out? Before you decide to throw it away, give this hairdryer hack a try. Remove the wand from your mascara, hold the tube up to a hairdryer (keeping it about 2cm away) and blast it with hot air for 20 seconds. If there’s any remaining or dried-up formula inside, it will soften up. You can then pop your brush back into the melted formula and keep using your favourite mascara  as usual. To clean your taps and make them shine, rip off a small piece of baking paper and rub it along the chrome. Make sure you work your way into any nooks and crannies that you might otherwise miss. As you rub, you’ll notice that the paper leaves behind a bit of waxy residue, and it costs just pennies. Many big brands including Nike, Converse, adidas, and Dr Martens do children’s versions of their most popular styles. You don’t pay VAT on children’s clothes or shoes, so there are great savings to be made if you’re a size 5 or under. According to Which?, the savings are not to be scoffed at: a pair of Dr Martens 1460 youth white boots are £69 on the children’s section of Schuh and go up to a size 5, but a pair of white 1460 Bex boots in a size 5 retails at £169, so you could potentially make a saving of £100. Getting paid to recycle may seem  too good to be true, but you’d be surprised what you might earn from doing your bit for the environment. For instance, when you recycle a bag of unwanted clothes or textiles from any store in any condition at a branch of H&M, you can get a £5 voucher (to be redeemed against a £25 shop). If you donate items to Oxfam (either clothing or soft furnishings), you can get a £5 voucher (to redeem against a £35 shop) at Marks & Spencer. Bear in mind, they must include one M&S item and not be damaged or soiled as clothes will be resold. You can also get a £10 voucher (to be redeemed against a £50 spend) when you recycle an old pair of leggings (any brand) to a Sweaty Betty store. People who find themselves struggling to afford to pay for their pet’s veterinary care can seek support from PDSA. There are 48 PDSA pet hospitals in the UK, and the charity supported more than 370,000 pets and their owners in 2021. To check if you are eligible, visit PDSA. Clingfilm is normally used to wrap up your sandwiches, but it can actually help keep your home warm. The idea is that putting a sheet on your window traps a small layer of air which can help stop heat escaping. According to the Energy Savings Trust, you can use any material for the second layer of glazing, as long as it’s transparent and airtight. Despite the old saying ‘cool as cucumber’ this salad staple doesn’t thrive in the fridge. According to the University of California, cucumbers are sensitive to temperatures below 50°F and should be stored at room temperature. When stored at room temperature, cucumbers thrive and last longer. Stored below 50°F , they’re prone to developing ‘chilling injuries,’ including water-soaked areas, pitting, and accelerated decay. Not only should you keep your cucumbers on the counter, but be sure to keep them separately from bananas, tomatoes, and melons, which are all high ethylene producers (the natural gas that causes certain foods to ripen and eventually spoil very quickly). Next time you fancy a takeaway, remember that the convenience offered by a delivery app comes with a hidden additional cost. Consumer group Which? found that when ordering a takeaway, it’s often cheaper to order food directly from a restaurant, rather than through an app delivery service such as Deliveroo or Just Eat The investigation looked at the price difference between ordering via popular delivery apps and found one meal that cost £11.62 more from an app than it did from the restaurant. Order directly and pay less for your meal. What’s more, the restaurant will receive all the money and, if anything goes wrong, it might be easier to resolve. Fancy a cheeky Nando’s? It’s good news for students who can now get 20 per cent off at Nando’s for a limited time, Monday to Wednesday, from 11.30am to 5pm when you eat in and order at the table using the QR code or the app. You can use it once a day, up to an order value of £50, meaning you’ll get a maximum £10 discount. Log in or create a Nando’s account then add your student email address to confirm you’re a student. If you’ve already got an account with a regular email address, you don’t need to change it – the restaurant will automatically link them both. Find out more at Nando’s. MORE : From treats for the kids to slashing parking ticket costs, everyday hacks that’ll save you money MORE : How to actually make money from your old clothes, from the people raking it in If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot.