We’re still giddy with excitement over Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash’s recent announcement that they’re expecting their third child together – so much so that we’ve been watching one of the Loose Women star’s new videos about her bump on repeat. Stacey shared a new ultrasound of her and Joe’s baby on Tuesday and revealed they’d been bickering over which one of them the little bean looks more like – but it sounds like the soon-to-be mum-of-five might have also given away the tot’s gender. In the clip, Stacey seemingly refers to the baby as a ‘he’ and once you notice the blip you can’t unhear it. Sharing a new ultrasound with her 5.5million Instagram followers, 33-year-old Stacey said: ‘Me and Joe are sitting here having a full-blown discussion about whose lips the baby’s got, because yesterday we got to go and see baby for a scan and the sonographer lady was so incredible that she got the most amazing picture of its mouth and nose.’ She went on: ‘And Joe thinks it’s got his mouth and I think he’s got my mouth. He’s got my lips. I’m going to show you the picture in a second but whose mouth do you think he’s got?’ Did anyone else catch that? She totally said ‘he’, right? It’ll be baby number five for Stacey, who is mum to Rose, 14 months, and Rex, three, with 40-year-old Joe, while she also has sons Leighton, 10, and Zachery, 14, from former relationships, and Joe has son Harry, 15, from a previous relationship. Announcing she was pregnant again last month, Stacey shed light on why she decided to keep her big news a secret with fans for a little longer. She said: ‘We really wanted it to ourselves for the beginning bit, but we missed the beginning bit if that makes sense. ‘We didn’t have to keep it a secret for 8 months because we didn’t know for eight months. ‘My periods were irregular from breastfeeding, we were planning a wedding then getting married, and then just crazy life and it honestly didn’t register.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan has perfect response to backhanded compliment from ‘new fan’ over Sky sitcom MORE : Christian Bale has ‘no idea’ what makes a hit film as he stars in The Pale Blue Eye 