‘Jesus, f**k,’ one satisfied woman commented under audio porn creator Zach Cowan’s recording. Less than a year ago, Zach, from San Diego, California, became a creator at the audio erotica app, Quinn. In that time, he’s essentially been responsible for half a million female orgasms – and counting. Quinn specialises in non-visual porn for women, with countless kinks and categories to choose from including praise kinks, degradation, choking and polyamory. It was founded in 2019 by Caroline Spiegel, who struggled with sexual dysfunction while recovering from an eating disorder. She just so happens to be the sister of Evan Spiegel – the guy who created Snapchat. But how does Zach make such popular audios, which seem to resonate with his female following? ‘It starts with the premise, what the overall theme is going to be for the audio and depending how involved it is I will either fully script and story board that out or flesh out certain plot points or quotes or events that I want to happen,’ he tells Metro.co.uk. ‘The first half of all of my audios aren’t even explicit. It’s just a boyfriend audio, it’s “hey, you’re getting home lets sit down and talk about your day, what’s the good news, what’s the bad news, lets reaffirm any boundaries we have, lets show some care to each other”. ‘People just want to feel valued and cared for and respected.’ As for the more explicit stuff, he draws on ‘experience and having spent more than four years working online with a primarily female audience’. ‘You tend to pick up on conversations around what they enjoy,’ he says. ‘I feel like if you’re keyed in [and] honestly just care a little bit, it’s not too hard to understand what a woman may enjoy from sexual entertainment or just in general.’ Zach also feels that while he listens to what his female audience wants, it’s also not hard to figure female needs out. Often, he says, ‘it’s kind of sad but it’s really just the bare minimum’. By that, he means an emotional connection, romance, respect and after-care, almost all of which are not present in mainstream visual porn. ‘I tend to do things that will flex my muscles as an actor, for me that comes from the emotional weight of things, so even if it’s audio erotica,’ he says. ‘I’m like “what if this is real, what if your ex knocks on your door at 3am and you really get into it and yeah it may get a little saucy because you love each other and you don’t want to let go”. That’s where I draw from.’ Zach’s favourite audio he’s created, which is searchable under his creator name Cowman on the Quinn app, is The Clothes I Bought You, a four-hour seductive series in which he’s excited to meet his brother’s girlfriend (the listener) – only to find out that she’s his ex. And boy does it get steamy. ‘I don’t just want to half ass a story and moan into the microphone because women like to use their imagination inside and outside the bedroom, so I think that’s why it’s popped off so quickly,’ he says. Zach adds that his work aims to be as inclusive as possible, providing a safe space for people to listen – ‘nothing triggering, nothing judgmental’. The audio porn market is booming, with reports suggesting Quinn has 740,000 user sessions a month alone. So why is the medium so effective at getting women off? Amanda King, author and sexual mentor, who helps women to ‘feel safe in their own bodies and say f**k it to societal conditioning’ tells Metro.co.uk: ‘If you watch mainstream porn, a lot of it is a really terrible storyline and it gets right down to penetration as soon as possible. ‘Then during of course all you’re getting is penetration shots and I believe that women see that and are like “wow, that’s way too graphic for me, that’s way too much for me” because women tend to be more sensual creatures.’ The need for a little tantalising applies to the concept of dirty talk too, not just sex itself, she says. ‘When we look at dirty talk or sexting, a lot of women don’t like it because it’s very visual and graphic,’ she says. ‘A lot of times men say something like “I’m gonna fucking rail you” and a lot of women see that and think “oh my god that’s just too much, that’s not what I like” because women like more poetic language. ‘Rather than saying something super graphic, saying something like “baby, open up for me, let me in, I want to feel you, I want to feel all of you” is what women are asking for and what they aren’t receiving in their everyday lives. ‘So these men [in audio porn] are providing them with what they need in that moment to get them turned on, so it allows them to reach some type of turn on that they just can’t get in their everyday life.’ Amanda adds that a lot of women enjoy reading porn and allowing themselves to become absorbed in their own imaginations. ‘It allows it to be so much more than sex, it allows a connection and intimacy and just pleasure personified,’ she says. ‘That’s why audio porn is so appealing to women because it allows them to create a fantasy that is tailored to exactly what they want, what they desire, with who they desire when mainstream porn is about two characters they have no type of connection to, they have no emotional intimacy with, just having sex. ‘It gets to be that stranger you made eye contact with on the train, it gets to be that long-lost love that you have that maybe you disconnected with, it gets to be your partner, it gets to be whoever you need it to be in that moment. ‘Then that person is the one who gets to help them climax.’ A lot of the apps that are available now allow you to customise your audio porn experience, and tailor it to your ultimate fantasies. ‘You could have someone who really likes a deep baritone voice with say a British accent who focuses on praise kinks,’ Amanda explains. ‘You can literally search for that specific thing in the app and be transported to a completely different world outside of your own. ‘It gets to be all about that woman because the audio porn is directed to her pleasure in order to get her off, in order for her to feel safe, for her to feel pleasure and so it’s kind of the escape a lot of women need to make it feel like it’s about them again.’ Audio porn can also be used as a companion to masturbation, which Amanda says helps them to reach a ‘higher climactic state’ because they can focus on ‘that moaning, that breathing, that dirty talk that adhered specifically to everything that they want’. Amanda talks to many women who say their partners want them to watch porn with them, but while their male significant other is enjoying it, they are comparing their bodies to those of the screen. It goes without saying that this can be detrimental to a woman’s self-confidence -in and out of the bedroom. ‘A lot of mainstream porn has women that maybe are like 120 pounds,’ she says. ‘They’re tall and they have big breasts and a big ass with a size zero waist and that’s just not the modern woman. ‘It really casts a negative body image on women who watch it and it makes them feel inferior in so many ways.’ The over-acted nature of visual porn can also make women feel pressured to perform in a certain way that they think is attractive to their partner. ‘Women may feel like they need to be screaming at the top of their lungs,’ says Amanda, ‘or women who have the ability to squirt feel like they need to be a firehose that can squirt from one side of the room to the other because that’s what they see in porn. ‘They start feeling inferior but they’re like “this is what my significant other wants because they watch porn and this is how I have to perform now”. ‘So sex becomes a performance rather than something they’re enjoying.’ It goes without saying that there is no shame in enjoying visual porn if it gives you pleasure. But audio porn offers something a little extra – it’s a form of escapism all to yourself when you put those earphones in and hear those moans. Amanda thinks a reason why women like audio porn so much is because they can listen to it in secret. ‘They can be sat at their desk in their office and be listening to it on headphones after having a shitty day, they can sneak away from their kids, they can sneak away from their husband and listen to it,’ she says. ‘I just want women to not feel guilty about that, because they deserve that amount of time to be with themselves and to feel pleasure.’ Try Quinn’s preview audio here to see if audio erotica gets you off too. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Do It: ‘Stripping has empowered me, now I’m looking for a three-way’ MORE : ‘I accidently married my cousin’: Couple realise they’re related when looking for a baby name MORE : ‘My older man only meets me in restaurants and hotels, but I want more’