Barcelona will demand €100million (£88m) for Raphinha this month with Arsenal plotting a move for the Brazil international. The Gunners were expected to sign Mykhailo Mudryk but Chelsea have swooped in to hijack a move for the Ukraine international ahead of their London rivals with the player signing an eight-and-a-half year contract at Stamford Bridge. It leaves Arsenal looking for alternative options with over two weeks of the transfer window remaining with Raphinha, who they tried to sign in the summer, one option being considered. Arsenal’s sporting director Edu has reportedly made contact with Raphinha’s agent Deco to discuss a move with the Premier League leaders eager to bring in another option in attack. But according to Sport, Barcelona president Joan Laporta has set an asking price of €100m for the player. Both Arsenal and Chelsea made offers for Raphinha in the summer only for the then-Leeds United star to turn down the London sides down to seal a move to the Camp Nou. The 26-year-old has started just seven La Liga matches this term but according to the report, remains part of Xavi’s plans. Barcelona’s huge demands could scupper any Arsenal interest, with Barcelona’s valuation the same as the one Shakhtar Donetsk placed on Mudryk, which they refused to match. Chelsea completed a £88.5m deal for the winger on Sunday with Arsenal seeing three bids rejected. While Mudryk made no secret of his desire to join the north London side, he welcomed the opportunity to join the ‘attractive project’ in west London. ‘I’m so happy to sign for Chelsea,’ Mudryk said. ‘This is a huge club, in a fantastic league and it is a very attractive project for me at this stage of my career. ‘I’m excited to meet my new team-mates and I’m looking forward to working and learning under Graham Potter and his staff.’ Arsenal meanwhile has also been offered the chance to sign Brighton winger Leandro Trossard, who has asked to leave the Seagulls after a falling out with Roberto De Zerbi. MORE : Chelsea announce Mykhailo Mudryk signing as Blues successfully hijack Arsenal’s deal for Ukraine star MORE : Arsenal star Eddie Nketiah reveals Arsene Wenger advice ahead of North London derby For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 