Julia Fox shocked the world when she gave fans a tour of her mice-infested New York apartment last week, leaving plenty of people surprised by its modest appearance. But while most praised doting mum Julia for the down-to-earth clip, others expressed scepticism, suggesting the Uncut Gems star has a net worth of $30million. Julia, 32, has now shut down claims she’s worth tens of millions of dollars while explaining why she chose not to upsize, noting she didn’t want her toddler Valentino to ‘grow up and be a p***k’. Taking to TikTok, Julia, who is currently celebrating her birthday in the Bahamas, told her 1.7million followers that she wasn’t sure why people were ‘freaking out’ over the tour and insisted she’s not worth anything near $30million. ‘I really wasn’t expecting my apartment tour to go so viral, people are really freaking out over it,’ the mum-of-one told the camera. ‘It’s really just not that deep. This just happens to be the apartment that I took my son home from the hospital. So it’s his home.’ She added: ‘I’m not worth 30 million dollars, not even close. I don’t need 30 million dollars; what does one person need 30 million dollars for? I’ve survived on a lot less and I’m doing just fine.’ Explaining why she hasn’t moved into a bigger place, Julia continued: ‘It really is Valentino’s apartment. It’s a sentimental thing. I could have probably afforded a bigger place [but] it’s about having that sense of normalcy for Valentino. ‘I don’t want him to grow up and be a p***k. I want him to be in touch with the real world. I grew up in the real world. I just want my son to be the same.’ Julia – who shares Valentino with ex-husband Peter Artemiev – also addressed her wardrobe, noting that many people presume she gets to keep the lavish clothes she wears. ‘You guys are like, “she wears hundreds of dollars of couture”. Borrowed couture.’ ‘Most of the clothes I wear are young designers just starting out,’ she added. Last week, Julia decided to give fans a warts-and-all tour of her apartment in New York, showing off the space she has carved out for herself and Valentino. ‘Okay I never thought in a million years that I would do this, but I do believe in maximum transparency and so I’m going to give you guys an apartment tour,’ she began the clip. ‘I know I’m going to get roasted and whatever, but hopefully, maybe someone can watch this and be like, “Maybe I’m not doing so bad!”’ Showing off her own private bedroom, adorned with framed photos, skincare products and general clutter, she said: ‘We’ll start in my bedroom which is the living room – I put my bed here in the living room so I could turn my bedroom into a little playroom for Valentino.’ The star then revealed a play area for her toddler which was filled with different toys and tricycles. She panned the camera across personal photos of the youngster and her pals, and showed off her ‘growth station’ – consisting of two plants that were definitely not growing. After exploring the long hallway and bathroom, which she described as ‘very tiny but it does what it is supposed to do’, Julia revealed Valentino’s toy kitchen area which was opposite the real one. ‘Don’t judge me, I know it’s really messy! I also have shoeboxes in the kitchen which is very common for New Yorkers,’ she insisted, before unveiling her son’s bedroom. ‘He does not hang out in here at all, he only wants to be in mamma’s room. ‘He doesn’t even sleep in there, he sleeps in bed with me. Yeah, we’re co-sleepers, sue me. I don’t care.’ Moving back to her own space, she said: ‘We do have a small mouse problem but it’s a problem depending on how you look at it. ‘I let them rock, I appreciate that they – at night, while we’re sleeping – come out and clean up the crumbs that my son drops on the floor. I’m not going to evict the mice anytime soon.’ As far as we’re concerned, Julia’s apartment tour was nothing short of iconic. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rupert Grint would ‘love’ Harry Potter to be remade as a TV show: ‘I think it would really work’ MORE : EastEnders BFFS Davood Ghadami and James Bye back together at last  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 