A prison officer who smuggled cocaine into a maximum-security jail after developing a ‘close relationship’ with a killer inmate is now facing time behind bars. Heather McKenzie, 31, was working as an operations officer at HMP Shotts in Lanarkshire, Scotland, when she teamed up with convicted murderer Zak Malavin, 30. An investigation was launched after officials noticed a ‘notable’ increase in illegal substances coming into the prison. McKenzie was paid to keep the illicit supply operation going and stashed items close to Malavin’s cell, evidence showed. The mum-of-two also convinced another prisoner to stay involved in the plan after Malavin warned her he was considering pulling out. Cocaine and a mobile phone revealing texts and calls to McKenzie were found during two searches of Malavin’s cell, carried out in May and June 2020. A police raid at her home in Forth, Lanarkshire, in October 2020 unearthed cocaine and benzocaine, a substance used as a local anaesthetic, as well as mobile phones, syringes and £2,500 in cash. Phone analysis also showed messages between Malavin and McKenzie – who met with criminals to collect drugs, cash and phones. McKenzie admitted supplying Malavin and others with drugs at HMP Shotts between March and October 2020 She also admitted giving Malavin an illegal mobile phone and sim card during a hearing at the High Court in Lanark. Advocate depute Graeme Jessop, prosecuting, told the court: ‘A joint operation by the Scottish Prison Service (SPS) and Police Scotland investigating alleged corruption by staff within HMP Shotts commenced in March 2020. ‘This operation was initiated after disclosures were made to SPS surrounding the involvement of serving prison officers in corrupt and criminal practices including the supply of controlled drugs and the introduction of mobile phones to the prison. ‘This information was obtained from prison intelligence and a notable increase in drug recoveries from within HMP Shotts. ‘The now accused (McKenzie) was identified as one of the prison officers suspected to be introducing controlled drugs, mobile devices and other articles into the prison. ‘Further, consistent intelligence was received purporting that the accused had formed a close relationship with a prisoner who is serving a life sentence.’ Although the drugs and mobile phones found at McKenzie’s home were ‘minimal’, evidence revealed the ‘nature and frequency’ of the smuggling, Mr Jessop said. Both McKenzie and Malavin initiated conversations about bringing drugs and money into the prison, he added. ‘The prisoner appeared to use other prisoners to hold and store illicit items and the accused (McKenzie) would drop smuggled items into a prisoner safe within or near his cell for safe storage. “Another prisoner appears to have wanted nothing further to do with this and the accused is sent by the prisoner who was communicating with her to speak with him and reassure him.’ McKenzie will be sentenced at the High Court in Glasgow on February 23. She is also facing proceeds of crime proceedings, when prosecutors attempt to recover assets and property acquired by unlawful conduct. Malavin was just 17 when he was jailed for life with a minimum term of 17 years for the murder of Andrew Curran, 41, who died from a sword wound to the neck at a Glasgow park in April 2010. Malavin’s brother, Angus, then 26, was ordered to serve life with a minimum 18-year term. A Scottish Prison Service spokeswoman refused to comment on individual cases, adding: ‘The vast majority of our staff work to the highest standard of conduct at all times. ‘If it is alleged that staff are involved in any illegal activity, the incident would be reported to Police Scotland for independent investigation.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.