Got a crush on an Aquarius? There are some things you need to know about dating this special star sign. Aquarius is the penultimate (and 11th) sign of the zodiac, a fixed sign (born in the middle of a season), an Air sign (ruled by the cerebral element of air), and governed by Uranus (spacey-y, science-y, tech-y). Aquarius’s astrological symbol is the water bearer (which is why many people think they are a water sign, and of because it starts with ‘aqua’). The water bearer represents their purity and truthfulness. Aquarians are very transparent, direct, and open. They say what they think, they believe what they say, they want the truth at all times Aquarius is eccentric, charming, clever, cerebral and a little aloof. They seem to stand apart from others, largely as they both live in their own heads a lot and because their minds are invariably on bigger themes than local gossip and intrigue. They are global thinkers. Aquarians are drawn to science, tech, design, architecture, construction, engineering, space, innovation and invention. They are the mad professors of the zodiac, eager to deconstruct everything and put it back together again in even better working order. They are logical and analytical. They like to problem solve. Aquarians are, surface level, pretty good company. Clever, funny, perceptive, curious, up for anything, a little different or eccentric. They tend to know a lot of people as they are open and friendly… but their close circle will be much, much smaller. They are happy in their own company, pleasing themselves, doing their own thing at their own pace in their own way. They can be quite self-focused (this can be a good and bad thing). Ruled by Uranus, they tend to be inventive, innovative, progressive, radical, and globally/socially conscious. They are likely to be picketing, striking, campaigning, and pushing on bigger agendas and causes. They want to improve the world, make it work better, fix problems and highlight injustice. They can’t understand why others don’t feel the same zealousness as they do on these matters. They are excellent in science, technology and engineering. They have a problem-solving mind. They can also be very unpredictable and make snap decisions, even on important matters (or ones which involve others). They act first and ask for forgiveness (well, sometimes…) later. A fixed sign, they are dogged and determined. They enjoy getting into the detail, looking at the blueprints, understanding how things work. They like to take stuff apart and put it back together again. You might be getting the impression that Aquarians are more thinkers than emotive feelers… and you’d be dead right. Aquarius’s achilles heel is their detachment from others (especially emotionally). This can cause issues in relationships because they just don’t get why someone would be upset about something that they wouldn’t be, and they struggle to pre-empt those feelings and change course. They need lots of space, they like to do their own thing, they must not be constrained. In total, this can add up to them looking like they don’t care. Which isn’t true. Aquarians are ‘out there’ in many senses, offbeat and unique. They would really struggle to spend a long time with someone who was ultra traditional, conservative or liked a stable (if not static) routine. Being tied down, tethered to the humdrum grind, expected to be certain places at certain times like clockwork… this is not how Aquarius wants to live. Freedom is everything. Aquarians are ruled by Air, so they will demonstrate their love in words or practical, useful favours and actions. I have to be honest, Aquarius is probably the chilliest sign when it comes to passion, romance and big love gestures. It’s just not their thing. They want a life partner, they love sex (in fact they’re a bit of a freak), they can be gooey-eyed at times… but, mostly, being around them will feel like having a really cool, sexy friendship. Other Air signs – so fellow Aquarians, as well as Gemini and Libra. This crowd are all curious, adventurous and love to be out there doing new things. They are the hobby crowd. Their opposite sign (the sign they’re magnetised by in love) is Leo. These two are true opposites but both share a natural confidence and assertiveness that they probably recognise (and want to crack) in each other. Two Alphas. An unpredictable, fun, super interesting, enlightening, and spontaneous ride. No two weeks will be the same. You will get acres of space yourself to do your own thing and pursue whatever you wish – they will never chide or stop you from following your dreams (but you gotta’ let them do theirs too). Lots of travel, outdoors stuff, museums, lectures, exhibits, adventure breaks, weird and wonderful weekends. Honesty, brutal honesty. They will tell you how it is, always. And you can tell them anything, without judgment. Life will not be dull! Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s Aquarius season tarot horoscope – be a world fixer MORE : The New Moon in Aquarius helps you solve your biggest issue – each star sign’s tarot horoscope