New insights and solidified plans could be gained under the influence of Mercury’s retrograde position in industrious Capricorn. The rewinding of this chatty and restless planet could illuminate blind spots and even present a blast from your past. Meanwhile, Venus in Aquarius could inspire some fun dates and perhaps offer some opportunities to meet new friends or a love interest. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 7, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Venus newly in your social zone encourages you out and about, while Mercury’s presence in Capricorn inspires you to get organised and make clear and coherent plans. Still, as it aligns with the radiant Sun, you may be gifted with a genius idea that could make a difference. This chatty planet is currently rewinding, so a boss or co-worker from the past could be helpful to you today. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Your questing mind may ramp up its search for new opportunities and fresh experiences, as restless Mercury links with the Sun in your sector of travel and adventure. If you want to traverse new terrain, you will need to leave your comfort zone to explore other avenues apart from the tried and trusted. And yet you might be drawn back to a place you once visited and really loved. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 With Mercury your ruler continuing to rewind in an intense zone, this could be a good time to ask yourself some searching questions. And the more in-depth the better, Gemini. The deeper you go, the more profound the insights you can have. If this is difficult, then talking things over with a trusted friend who may give you some valuable feedback might soon find you turning a corner. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Today’s delightful Sun/Mercury tie can coincide with a memorable and heart-warming conversation that has a beneficial and healing influence. You might also connect with someone you haven’t heard from in some time, and this could be equally uplifting. You’ll gain an insight into something or about someone that you never noticed before, which may be a game-changer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If you can put work and responsibilities to one side then do so, Leo, as a delightful influence encourages you to socialise and enjoy life. And yet you may be deeply invested in a project or task that eats into your spare time. If it’s something that could move your life forward constructively your efforts will be rewarded, and in a bigger way than you might realise. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Your sector of creativity and self-expression looks lively, as the Sun’s merger with Mercury sets you thinking. Whether you run a small enterprise, are creative, or have a lot of leisure activities you enjoy, you may spot ways in which you can make better use of your time. Plus, a chance meeting with an old friend or an ex, could put an interesting spin on a fascinating day, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Whatever you’re dealing with, a key influence suggests thinking out of the box and trying new ways. As the planet of talk and thought aligns with the Sun, be open to ideas and suggestions you may not have considered. On a lighter note, luscious Venus’s presence in Aquarius can be perfect for light-hearted dates or a chance to get out and about, meet someone new, and relax. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The Sun’s merger with clever Mercury in your sector of talk and thought could highlight a blind spot or an issue that you’ve been looking at in an unhelpful way. With Mercury in its retro phase, you may get an intuition that something isn’t right, and that by changing your thinking on this matter you’ll experience a shift. You’re spot on, Scorpio. And talking to a friend could assist. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You’ll be keenly aware of all the subtleties and nuances that are contributing to a situation, and will be ready to respond in an instant. A savvy blend of planets brings insights that can help you turn things to your advantage, especially when it comes to relationships or emotional bonds. But don’t try too hard, Archer. Adopting a savvy approach to any issues is the best way to succeed. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Worried that others will take your words the wrong way? Don’t hold back, as your conversations and clever observations could enlighten everyone. Your insights might turn an okay idea into a great one, or make a success of something that seemed doomed to failure. Have the courage of your convictions, as the ideas you share will enhance your standing and popularity, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Ready to take a dream and make it real? Don’t hesitate for too long Aquarius, as there’s no time like the present. Soon your priorities will change, and this will not seem so urgent. What would happen if you let it go? You could relinquish a new stream of income and the chance of new friends and positive connections. Set your intentions, make a plan and take it a step at a time. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may be doing a lot of entertaining, and your involvement with various groups and projects continues to be busy. And while this can be a time of enjoyment, it’s helpful to take a step back too. Harmonious Venus in a private zone, could inspire you to indulge in some self-care and make it a priority. You’ll need to balance your social life with opportunities to recharge. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 1 to January 7 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2022 MORE : All the key astrological dates in January – and what they mean for you