A huge ‘multi-coloured’ meteor has been spotted soaring across homes in the UK. Amazing video footage and photos show the fireball shooting across the sky, said to have contained multiple different colours. The Met Office took to Twitter and asked for anyone to send in footage of the meteor. Reports came from around the country. Joanne Arnold wrote on Twitter: ‘I’ve just seen a stunning meteor burning across the sky 20.03 tonight 9th January South [Hertfordshire]. ‘It was so low down and clear and beautiful! Golden coloured.’ Another said they had seen the ‘most astonishing’ meteor from Southampton, while Ruby Hazael asked: ‘Did anyone else see a crazy meteor thing over Bath at about 8pm?’ Andras Sobester spotted it and said: ‘Just saw the most astonishing meteor/fireball of some sort shoot across the sky (Southampton, bearing of about 40deg, 20:01-ish). ‘It had multiple discernible colours – blueish white core, bright red outline and streak – unlike anything I have ever seen.’ Photographer Amanda Cunningham said: ‘Saw this from Bookham in Surrey this eve, was huge, didn’t get time to film it but was breathtaking!’ Lisha Howen said she was going to Tesco when she saw it. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘Me and my partner were just popping to Tesco and I pointed out a big fireball in the sky, at first I thought it was a shooting star! ‘Now I know it was a meteor!’ While another star spotter said they saw it in Wales and it was a ‘green colour’. Tom Tugendhat MP also reported a sighting ‘over Westminster’. It was captured in footage in London just after 8pm tonight. Did you see the meteor? Please send your photos and stories to liam.coleman@metro.co.uk This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.