Do you find yourself ready to rip off someone’s clothes after the first date? Or maybe you have a ‘third date rule’ before getting between the sheets. Either way, sex on the first date is a divisive topic. And now, research by Lovehoney shows that it’s almost an even split between those who get right to it, and those who wait. The survey revealed that 49% of respondents had previously had sex on a first date. When it comes to the gender divide, 59% of men said they’d done this, compared to 43% of women. Dating and relationship coach Kate Mansfield told Metro.co.uk that men can thank testosterone for their high libidos. She explains: ‘In general, men are biologically more driven towards sex than women, because testosterone creates a high sex drive, and there is a primal urge to procreate with multiple partners. ‘Women are driven to find security and commitment. ‘This means that most men are much better at casual dating than women, and more open to sex on a first date, because they don’t tend to get as attached as women through sex.’ When asked about their motivations for sex on the first date, the main motivation for women (49%) was to test how sexually compatible they were with their potential partner. For men, the most common reason was simply because they enjoy it. Other reasons included connecting on a sexual level, seeing if your potential partner accepts your kinks, and doing it to calm your nerves. But for those that decided to wait to get intimate, 47% of respondents simply said they didn’t feel comfortable having sex with someone they don’t know very well. And 32% said they only enjoyed sex when they had an emotional connection with the other person. For some – 38% of men and women – sex on the first date wasn’t in line with their beliefs, and a quarter had a ‘no sex’ rule. Kate explains lots of daters avoid sex early on because they want to avoid post-date anxiety. She says: ‘Most people have experienced the dreaded regret of a drunken night of fun, and then waking up next to a relative stranger, or sleeping with someone too soon, and then the agony of not getting the text or call back the next day.’ But ultimately, Kate says that if you’re thinking about having sex with someone, it’s not about when you do it – but how you feel. ‘Kate said: ‘If you want to have fun and date casually, then absolutely go for it. ‘But instead of making sex about a time period, vet someone’s behaviour. Are they showing up the way that you want? Can you talk openly and honestly? Do you feel safe and supported? Are you a good match in the areas that matter to you? ‘Finding these things out before having sex will save you from wasting your time.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘It’s easy to emotionally invest in the idea of someone’: How to get over an imaginary relationship MORE : I love to burn a bridge – cutting people out of my life is the best form of self-care MORE : Boyfriend admits he only uses water to wash, with zero soap