Arsenal have tabled a world-record transfer bid for Manchester United and England forward Alessia Russo, according to reports. Russo, 23, has scored 19 goals in 44 appearances for United since signing from Brighton in the summer of 2020. She has also developed into a key player for England, netting 10 goals in 17 caps and helping the Lionesses become European champions last summer. Russo will be out of contract come the summer and while Manchester United are keen for her to remain at Old Trafford, talks over a new deal have not yet resulted in an extension. According to The Athletic, Arsenal are determined to bring Russo to north London and have submitted a world-record offer to United. While the exact figures of the proposed deal have not been stated, the world-record signing in the women’s game is currently Keira Walsh’s £400,000 move from Manchester City to Barcelona last summer. Manchester United are yet to respond to Arsenal’s offer but are believed to be reluctant to lose Russo, who has five goals in nine Women’s Super League games this season. Arsenal are currently third in the WSL – three points behind leaders United – and Gunners head coach Jonas Eidevall is keen to sign a new striker following injuries to Beth Mead and Vivienne Miedema. ‘I would be disappointed if we can’t bring in a prolific goalscorer in addition to the signings already,’ he said earlier in the month. ‘That should be a really important priority for us in this window with the number and the level of games we are playing.’ Manchester United are bidding to win the Women’s Super League for the first time but face competition from five-time winners and defending champions Chelsea, who are second, and three-time winners Arsenal. Russo scored four goals at last summer’s Euros, including a superb backheel in the semi-final against Sweden which was awarded Goal of the Tournament and nominated for the 2022 FIFA Puskas Award. Women’s Super League leaders United return to action on Sunday against Everton, while Arsenal visit London rivals West Ham. MORE : Arsenal return with £75m bid to sign Moises Caicedo from Brighton MORE : Man Utd captain Harry Maguire responds to Inter Milan loan offer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 