A ‘sex party’ took place at a cathedral during lockdown, it has been claimed. St Mary’s Cathedral in Newcastle has now become a ‘laughing stock’ after an orgy is thought to have happened in the priests’ living quarters. The Roman Catholic Church is looking into the extraordinary allegations as part of an inquiry after the resignation of former bishop Robert Byrne in December. In a letter seen by The Sunday Times, the Archbishop of Liverpool, who is leading the investigation, said he has been asked by the Pope’s advisers to prepare ‘an in-depth report into the events leading up to Bishop Byrne’s resignation’. But there is no suggestion that he participated in the alleged party or was aware of it. A source from the church said: ‘A number of complaints were made by individuals within the diocese after information came to light about a sex party taking place in the priests’ living quarters attached to Newcastle cathedral.’ Meanwhile, another person from the diocese stressed: ‘The cathedral had become a laughing stock.’ Though celibacy is not doctrine in the Catholic Church, it has been a law for more than 1,000 years. Father Byrne replaced father Dermott Donnelly, who was the older brother of TV presenter Declan Donnelly. He was also very popular with another priest, father Michael McCoy, who hanged himself in 2021 days after learning a historical ‘allegation’ against him had been made to the police. Father McCoy was visited by officers on April 6 and told that a historic allegation had been made against him, and that he would be invited for a voluntary interview at some stage. The priest, who was the dean at the time, is said to have asked worshippers if they would like to join a ‘party’ inside a property adjoining St Mary’s Cathedral. The Catholic Safeguarding Standards Agency (CSSA) confirmed it had started an ‘unscheduled safeguarding audit’ in the diocese of Hexham and Newcastle. Stephen Ashley, chief executive officer, said: ‘We can confirm that we have started an official, independent, unscheduled safeguarding audit and safeguarding review in the Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle. ‘The CSSA’s Quality Assurance Team are leading this work and I will oversee it. We will publish our independent recommendations publicly, as soon as possible, once our team has completed its investigatory work and satisfied all lines of inquiry.’ He added that the scope of the investigation will cover any abuses, safeguarding concerns and the culture of safeguarding in the diocese as a whole. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.