A blind man was refused entry to a restaurant with his guide dog because he was told it would be ‘unhygienic’. The restaurant has now forked out £2,000 to John Hardy after he won a lawsuit against Bengal Spice in Williton, Somerset. The 66-year-old was at the restaurant with guide dog Sidney and his son in September 2021 when he was told to leave. At one point, he claimed the staff member refused to speak to John and only spoke to his son which he says upset him. ‘I tried to explain that I was blind and Sidney was a guide dog but he wouldn’t listen and said it was unhygienic to have a dog near the kitchen,’ John said. ‘I eat out quite a bit and everybody knows Sidney locally, but when you walk into somewhere new, you are anxious and hyper-aware, wondering if you will have to present your argument and explain why a guide dog is allowed into a restaurant.’ Under the Equality Act 2010, restaurants and other service providers have a duty to make reasonable adjustments to avoid putting people with disabilities at a substantial disadvantage. A guide dog is classed as a reasonable adjustment under the act. After taking legal advice and speaking to the Royal National Institute of Blind People, John decided to launch a lawsuit. Emily Monastiriotis, who helped with John’s case, said: ‘We are really pleased to have assisted Mr Hardy in successfully bringing a claim in respect of the discrimination he encountered on this occasion but we are aware of the ongoing discrimination faced by people living with a disability. ‘We hope this sends a strong message that discrimination is unacceptable and reminds businesses of their obligations under the Equality Act 2010.’ Anita Marshall, specialist lead in RNIB’s legal rights service, said: ‘Unfortunately, cases of guide dog refusals like John experienced continue to be far from unusual, with restaurants and other service providers often oblivious to or ignoring the legislation. ‘We were pleased to be able to work with Simmons & Simmons to bring this case and to see John vindicated in the judgement. ‘Our legal rights team works tirelessly to challenge discrimination including access refusals and would encourage blind and partially sighted people to report incidents and challenge discrimination wherever it occurs.’ Bengal Spice has been contacted for comment by Metro.co.uk. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.