A$AP Rocky couldn’t help praising Rihanna ahead of her Super Bowl Halftime show, teasing that she will finally have new music on the way. Although the We Found Love singer has promised her ninth album ever since Anti was released in 2016, she has been wildly busy building up a fashion and beauty empire, as well as welcoming her first child with the rapper. The 34-year-old recently dropped a teaser for her upcoming performance on February 12 in Arizona, getting us all excited for what is to come. Shedding light on what she has planned, A$AP promised that she will ‘bring it’. ‘I’m so glad that my lady’s back making music again and whatnot, and getting back out there,’ he said in a new interview with Zane Lowe on Apple Music 1. ‘It’s just incredible. ‘The Super Bowl is huge, and her being the creative she is, she going to bring it, man. I’m excited. ‘I’m more excited than everybody else, honestly.’ Considering RiRi basically broke the internet with her announcement, we’re not entirely sure about that… The Grammy-winner is set to follow in some huge footsteps with her Halftime performance, with Eminem, Kendrick Lamar, Mary J Blige, Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg coming together for a star-studded show last year. They were joined by 50 Cent, who popped up in a surprise cameo. Adam Blackstone, who serves as Rihanna’s musical director, previously suggested that the set will be ‘unlike anything you’ve ever seen before’. ‘It’s been cool. We’re spearheaded by the team at Roc Nation, Willow, incredible choreographer and creative director Parris Goebel, and my partner on this is Omar Edwards as the co-musical director,’ he told Rolling Stone. ‘So, it’s been really cool, man. The thing about Rihanna is that she’s so creative. She is boundary-pushing at all times, so it’s going to be unlike anything you’ve ever seen before, and we always try to push the envelope with her.’ ‘This is her first time coming back as Rihanna, the artist,’ he added. ‘She knows that her career has expanded different sonic pallets, from EDM to pop to hip-hop to ballads, so we want to try to give a little bit to everybody.’ Bring it on. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Netflix renews Selling the OC for two more seasons after explosive first series MORE : Screaming Trees bassist Van Conner dies aged 55 after ‘extended illness’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 