Sephora, the fan-favourite beauty emporium, is launching a brick-and-mortar store in the UK. After first launching a UK website last year, beauty fans have long been waiting to find out the location of the promised shop. And now it’s finally been revealed: Sephora will open in Westfield London, White City in March 2023. If you’ve ever walked the hallowed halls of a Sephora, you’ll know they have the biggest beauty brands, all under one roof. From new viral faves to the true blue classics Sephora is truly a land of wonders. Like Target, another beloved American chain, you’ll enter swearing blind you’re just looking for one specific thing, and leave with a basket bursting with treasures if you’re not careful. This first UK branch will stock over 135 brands, including some that are exclusive to Sephora UK, including, Makeup by Mario, GXVE by Gwen Stefani, ONE/SIZE by Patrick Starr, Vegamour, Skinfix, Commodity as well as Sephora’s own collection. Brands including Tarte, Supergoop!, Danessa Myricks, Kosas and Glow Recipe will also be debuting in UK physical retail for the very first time. Other coveted brands in stock will include Fenty Beauty, Drunk Elephant, ILIA, MILK Makeup, JVN, R.E.M. Beauty, Gisou, Dior, Tom Ford and Jo Malone. ‘We are very excited to open our first store in London, which is something we know our beauty community has been waiting for for many years’, said Sarah Boyd, Managing Director of Sephora UK. ‘After the very successful launch of sephora.co.uk and our app last autumn, we have been inundated with questions about our plans to open stores. As the creator of multi-category, multi-experience prestige beauty retailing, we are thrilled to bring London a store that aspires to meet the needs of every beauty occasion. ‘Sephora is one of the most requested stores by Westfield London customers and I am delighted they have chosen our destination to open their first physical store in the UK’, said Katie Wyle, General Manager at Westfield London. ‘We’re now on the countdown to what will be an extraordinary opening day.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : The best skincare products you should nab from Sephora now it’s landed in the UK MORE : Lancôme creates groundbreaking AI beauty device to help people with disabilities apply makeup MORE : ‘Dark and light feminine makeup’ is just like day-to-night beauty – and it’s universally flattering