After the end of her 22-year marriage last year, Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen has no desire to date yet. The shepherd, writer and presenter and her family, which included now ex-husband Clive, 68, and their nine children, were followed by cameras for five seasons of Our Yorkshire Farm before the couple announced their split in June last year. Months later Channel 5 announced the hit series would be wrapping up. Now Amanda, 48, has shared that she is single and wanting to focus on herself for the moment. ‘I’m just getting on with my life as an independent woman, looking after the kids… and my sheep,’ she said. ‘There was nobody involved in the breakup with Clive and I don’t understand why this is being suggested,’ she added. Speaking about co-parenting with her ex, Amanda added that things were civil and they were ‘enjoying our lives and raising our kids together’. ‘There’s absolutely no problem between us,’ she told the Daily Mail. ‘It’s been a very amicable split and we continue to work together. Everybody in the family is happy with the way things have turned out.’ Still running Ravenseat Farm in rural Swaledale together, Amanda is now living in a separate farmhouse on the land with some of their children. When announcing their split, the couple said their number one priority was ‘the happiness and well-being of our children’. ‘This hasn’t been easy, but we both believe it’s the right choice for the future of our family,’ they shared. Their children include Raven, 21, Reuben, 19, Miles, 16, Edith, 14, Violet, 12, Sidney, 11, Annas, nine, Clemmy, seven, and six-year-old Nancy. The couple first met in 1995 and appeared on ITV’s The Dales in 2011 before Our Yorkshire Farm started in 2018. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen opens up on ‘medical emergency’ when child had to be taken to hospital in helicopter MORE : Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen reveals challenges of co-parenting nine children with ex-husband Clive as she launches first solo series 