The Tonight Show viewers have spotted a little moment between Lea Michele and Sadie Sink, leading them to think the Glee star pushed the Stranger Things actress out of the way. Lea and Sadie both appeared on Jimmy Fallon’s chat-show earlier this month, where they took part in a game of Charades, but some viewers have spotted something before the game even began. ‘Joining my team, she stars in The Whale, which is in theatres right now, please welcome Sadie Sink,’ Jimmy began, as Sadie came out and stood right next to The Tonight Show’s singer Tariq Trotter. Jimmy continued: ‘Joining Tariq’s team, she stars in Funny Girl now playing at Broadway’s August Wilson Theater, it’s Lea Michele!’ But as Lea came out, she didn’t take a place on the end, but instead seemed to walk into the middle, next to Tariq, leaving Sadie pushed to the edge. The actress touched Sadie’s arm before shaking Jimmy’s hand and addressing Tariq: ‘I’m apologizing in advance’. And fans spotted the move, sharing the clip across social media. ‘Did anyone else catch this move? Sadie was very humble and politely countered’, one person wrote. Another penned: ‘Why did she move Sadie out of the way like that, she literally took her spot’. Others however noted that Lea didn’t push Sadie and Sadie stepped aside after Lea said hello to her. Elsewhere during the game, fans poked fun at the viral joe that Lea doesn’t know how to read, which she herself has previously addressed. In a hilarious TikTok, Lea filmed herself pretending to on the phone with real-life bestie Jonathan Groff, known for his work on Mindhunter and Frozen, as well as Broadway, where he first met her. Lip-syncing along with the beginning ‘hi’ of a viral Kim Kardashian clip, a male voice is heard asking: ‘How is it?’ Lea then responds: ‘It’s amazing but wait, can you talk for a sec?’, with the tongue-in-cheek caption reading: ‘Calling Jonathan to read me the comments on my first TikTok.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Sadie and Lea for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sadie Sink proves she’s not in the Upside Down anymore as she makes super chic arrival to Chanel show MORE : Stranger Things star Sadie Sink reveals her ‘awkward’ first kiss was with co-star Caleb McLaughlin  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 