David and Victoria Beckham have reportedly installed an outside toilet at their £6million countryside estate. In what initially sounds like a step back into the 18th century, the famous duo reportedly installed the toilet so guests wouldn’t have to make the arduous walk inside. The facility is apparently near their lake – yes, you heard that right – which is located somewhere on the grounds of the eight-bedroom Chipping Norton mansion that the family bought in 2017. It’s known the Beckhams are partial to outdoors life on their Cotswolds estate, but we didn’t realise they liked it this much. A source claimed the toilet was designed by an architect before being installed in the grounds. ‘David and Victoria love holding parties near their lake but it became tiring having to traipse back and forth to the house to use the loo when the drinks were flowing,’ they told The Sun. According to the source, the ‘wood-built’ toilet block is a ‘lovely place’ to spend a moment or two. The former England football captain David, 47, and singer-turned fashion designer Victoria, 48, are thought to have overhauled the Cotswolds property over the years and reportedly doubled its value. But their reported plans to build a wine cellar and sauna, as well as a ‘super garage’, gate house and lake were met with criticism by a neighbour who voiced their concerns in a lengthy email to the local council accusing the pair of trying to ‘bring suburbia into the countryside’ and destroying the surrounding landscape. The estate, which is close by to celebrity hangout Soho Farmhouse, is one of two UK homes the family own, the second of which is a £31m Holland Park townhouse in London. The couple also own a swanky apartment in Miami, and a luxury superyacht. You know, just the essentials. In September last year, the Beckhams submitted documents seeking permission to build a new security cabin for the Cotswold estate after the family suffered a break-in at their London property earlier in the year. The proposed plan also came after David received ‘chilling’ letters from an alleged stalker who said she would be visiting him soon. The whole family, comprised of kids Brooklyn, 23, Romeo, 20, Cruz, 17, and Harper, 11, tend to descend on the Cotswolds countryside bolthole in the holidays. Talking about the importance of family togetherness, Victoria once told Vogue: ‘We both realise that we are stronger together than we are as individuals. Would either of us be in the position that we are in now had we not met and been together all those years ago? It’s all about the family unit. ‘We are much stronger the six of us, than we would be if we were individuals. We respect that family bond and that is key.’ The Beckham Family have declined to comment on their new outdoor facility. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Victoria Beckham under fire for ‘false no makeup claims’ during Paris fashion week trip MORE : Stylish David and Victoria Beckham hit up Fendi store in Paris with youngest son Cruz ahead of Dior show at Fashion Week 