It is thought Virginia Giuffre could release a book just weeks before King Charles’s coronation takes place. Ms Giuffre – who was then known as Virginia Roberts before she married – made a civil rape case in the US against Prince Andrew, where she claimed he sexually abused her when she was a minor. The Duke of York has consistently denied the allegations and settled a claim with her in March last year. But her gag clause, which lasted a year after the settlement, is due to expire in March and there are several reports suggesting Ms Giuffre has signed a multimillion-pound book deal. A book publishing insider thinks her memoir, said to be 12 years in the making, could be released just weeks before the new King’s coronation. The source told The Mirror: ‘There will be no bigger occasion for her book than the crowning of the king.’ ‘All eyes will be on the royal family in the weeks leading up to Charles’s coronation.’ They added ‘book releases are all about timing’. The insider said the book may not be allowed to directly repeat her accusations about the duke, but is still likely to ‘pour further embarrassment on Andrew, the royals and the biggest day of his own brother’s life’. It is expected to also cover the years of abuse she suffered at the hands of Jeffrey Epstein, a convicted sex offender found dead in his cell in 2019. Prince Andrew is now however said to be planning to launch a legal case in retaliation against Ms Giuffre, and has allegedly saved up a £10 million fund to do so. He will claim a photo of the pair taken together in 2001 is fake. A video interview with Ghislaine Maxwell – who is serving 20 years in prison for child sex trafficking charges on behalf of Epstein – on TalkTV earlier this week also saw her claim the picture wasn’t real. But it has emerged today the Duke of York is reportedly banned from his suite of rooms at Buckingham Palace and will never return. His possessions have ‘been moved out of Chamber Floor’ as the palace undergoes a £369 million renovation this year. And King Charles is said to have ‘made it clear that Buckingham Palace is no place for Prince Andrew’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.