Alec Baldwin will not be charged with shooting the director of Rust. It was recently revealed that the 64-year-old actor would being charged with involuntary manslaughter over the death of Halyna Hutchins, who died on set of the movie in October 2021. However, Baldwin will not be charged with the shooting of Joel Souza, despite the fact he was hit by the same bullet that killed cinematographer Hutchins. The reason being is that there is reportedly ‘no crime’ as far as the shooting of Souza is concerned. According to the Santa Fe District Attorney’s Office in information obtained by TMZ, the only way to characterise the shooting of Souza is an ‘unintentional battery,’ and no such thing exists. The outlet adds that a battery requires intent, and the D.A. says Baldwin had no intention to hurt anyone. It’s reported that the case against Baldwin is rooted in alleged recklessness. Head armorer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, faces the same charge, and both she and Baldwin face a maximum of five years in prison if found guilty. But, the star’s lawyers have pledged their determination to fight the charges against him. His legal team plans to argue that Baldwin merely followed long-standing custom, so that would in no way constitute recklessness. Baldwin himself has also repeatedly denied any wrongdoing and said that assistant director Dave Halls told him what he was handling was a ‘cold’ gun – meaning it was unloaded and safe. Halls himself has agreed a plea deal on the charge of negligent use of a deadly weapon. He will receive six months probation and a suspended prison sentence. Baldwin and his family – including wife and mother-of-seven Hilaria – have kept a low profile since legal proceedings took a turn. Although, it is believed that the American movie star will return to playing the lead role in Rust, despite the charges against him. With production set to resume later this month, Baldwin is will once again take on his starring role as Harland Rust. It’s believed that the movie will now ‘include on-set safety supervisors and union crew members’. The New York Times said that the project will also ‘bar any use of working weapons or any form of live ammunition, including blanks.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alec Baldwin and wife Hilaria seen in New York as actor faces involuntary manslaughter charge MORE : Justin Bieber cuddles wife Hailey after her uncle Alec Baldwin’s involuntary manslaughter charge  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 