This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. At this time of year everyone is feeling the pinch, but with the cost of living crisis, it doesn’t feel like our misery will be alleviated any time soon. Times are hard and we’re spending more time thinking about what we buy. Fast-fashion has been at our fingertips for as long as we can remember and now we’re pulling back from mindless spending because we need to watch the pennies. Enter: the Rise & Fall wrap. If you are in need of something to elevate your outfit, that’s not only chic but practical too, then this universal cashmere wrap is the accessory you need. This timeless wrap is a great addition to the wardrobe to immediately add a luxe feel to whatever you decide to sling on whether it’s a pair of jeans or a simple t-shirt and it won’t look out of place if you use it across your shoulders for a party. If you’re wanting to look like you’ve got pennies in the bank, remember that subdued neutrals are the way forward. Think biscuit, cream, grey, charcoal, navy, and black. This oversized wrap has been so popular it’s been selling out within days. Hundreds of people are on waiting lists until their favourite colour comes back in stock. So let us give you the rundown of this absolute steal. It’s made from 100% A-Grade Mongolian cashmere and comes in six colours; from classic black to Barbiecore fuschia (which is sold out at the moment). Customers who have bought the wrap have praised it for being super-soft and high-quality cashmere and at just £160, it’s 65% cheaper than luxury branded equivalents that can ramp up the cost because of their name tag. It can be worn as an additional layer in the cold winter, or as something light for travelling with. You can use it to pop to the shops without a coat and it’s perfect for those odd transitional days when it’s too cold when you leave the house but warm by lunch. Rise & Fall have pledged that no animals have been and never will be harmed in the cashmere process. They comb the goats in the spring, just as they’re ready to shed their coats so they keep cool. Their cashmere is also certified by the Good Cashmere Standard, the Sustainable Fibre Alliance and the Responsible Wool Standard. MORE : Woman who hadn’t had an orgasm for seven years swears by this sex toy: ‘This toy is worth every single penny!’