Erik ten Hag has explained why Manchester United made Jack Butland their first January signing and responded to claims his team are now Premier League title contenders. Butland, 29, was undergoing his United medical on Thursday ahead of his loan move from Crystal Palace. Ten Hag was keen to sign a new back-up goalkeeper after Newcastle United cut short Martin Dubravka’s loan spell. Butland – a former England international – has been at Crystal Palace since 2020 but is yet to play this term and will be out of contract come the end of the season. Asked about United’s move for Butland, Ten Hag said: ‘Yes, so Martin [Dubravka] was recalled and now to set up we need three experienced goalkeepers. ‘We have some young ones, and they do well, but we have so many games, so you need three good goalies in training but also when problems are coming you need experience in goal to achieve your goals, what you are aiming for. ‘I’m really happy with David [de Gea], it’s quite clear, he’s our No. 1, he’s a really good performer, but there’s always something that can happen with David as well, and you have to be prepared for that. ‘Last year I had a situation with Ajax when we had three goalies injured, and you don’t want a position like that when you are playing for trophies. ‘We had to put in a young keeper, you can’t expect it and it can kill your season. That’s what you have to be prepared for.’ Butland has nine England caps and was in Gareth Southgate’s squad at the 2018 World Cup. He will be joining a Manchester United side who have enjoyed an impressive run to climb to fourth in the Premier League, nine points adrift of leaders Arsenal. Asked if United’s form has turned them into title challengers, Ten Hag said: ‘We have to go from game to game, think about and work on that progressing, it’s all about that as a team, first thing and then individual as individuals get better. ‘Let’s say we are in a good position, we are where we want to be but still go from game to game, we play in many competitions, focus from game to game and don’t think too far ahead.’ Pressed on United’s trophy drought – they have not secured any silverware since 2017 – Ten Hag added: ‘I don’t think about that.  ‘It’s in this stage of the season you are not looking at, we have to together get into a position where you can win something. ‘Don’t get distracted or think too far ahead. Focus on the team’s progress, the team’s development, it’s all about that. We have many elements in our game we have to improve.’ On Friday, Manchester United face struggling Everton in the third round of the FA Cup, before taking on League One side Charlton in the quarter-finals of the EFL Cup on Tuesday. MORE : Newcastle interested in signing Man Utd midfielder Scott McTominay MORE : Manchester United plot move for World Cup finalist Axel Disasi For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 