Police are hunting for a missing couple and a newborn baby after they went missing when their car broke down. Constance Marten and Mark Gordon are missing with their newborn baby, after their car broke down near junction four of the M61 last night, police have said. According to Greater Manchester Police, the family left the car and the motorway safely, near to Farnworth in Bolton. They then walked to the Anchor Lane bridge which links the Highfield and Little Hulton areas. Mark was wearing dark clothing and Constance, who has a southern accent, was wearing a burgundy coat. The new born was swaddled. Evidence suggests that Constance has very recently given birth and neither her or the baby have been assessed by medical professionals. GMP Head of Public Protection Chief Superintendent Michaela Kerr said: ‘As a mum, I would like to make a direct appeal to Constance. ‘Constance, I know this is an exceptionally hard time for you and you are likely feeling scared but I promise that our number one priority is the same as yours – to keep your beautiful new born safe. ‘As you know, it’s really important that both you and your baby are assessed by medical professionals as soon as possible so please make contact with emergency services or make your way to your nearest hospital, wherever that may be. ‘I would also like to appeal to members of the public – not just in Bolton but across Greater Manchester and beyond. ‘If you have any information about this family’s whereabouts, please do nothing more than contact emergency services. ‘GMP can be contacted via Live Chat on our website or 999. Even the most minor detail might help us keep this mum and baby safe.’ Anyone with information should contact Greater Manchester Police via 999 quoting 2657 05/01/21. GMP can also be contacted via gmp.police.uk. Information can also be shared anonymously via the independent charity – Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.