Some spots are stunning all year around – and you don’t even have to travel very far to find them. The Cotswolds is the perfect example of this. In the winter, the frost and snow makes the chocolate box-style cottages look even more quaint – whereas come summer, the walking trails and fields come alive with wildlife and greenery in the sunshine. No matter what time of year you visit, the various hotels scattered across the counties (mainly Gloucestershire and Oxfordshire, but also parts of Wiltshire, Somerset, Worcestershire and Warwickshire) have something different to offer. Whether it’s an idyllic shepherd’s hut with its own hot tub, a wisteria-cladded lawn for croquet or scenic views of the landscape, there’s something for everyone. We’ve rounded up our favorite spots that are perfect for a weekend escape – come rain or shine. Whether you prefer a traditional room with scenic views, a secluded shepherd’s hut, or a luxury treehouse nestled in the woodland, there’s something for everyone at The Fish Hotel. The adorable shepherd’s huts, known as Hilly Huts, come with their own private hot tub which looks out over the landscape – great for warming up on a chilly winter evening, or relaxing in on a milder summer’s day. One of the huts even has its own paddle boat, so you can pop across to a private island, complete with decking, and soak up the scenery. Treehouses may take you back to childhood but the ones at The Fish Hotel offer grown-up perks that are brilliant all year round. Sit back and relax in the bath on the decking, complete with a room service intercom – so you can get food and drink delivered to the tub. Elsewhere, rooms and suites make up the main hotel – all boasting incredible views over the Cotswolds. The hotel has various seasonal activities on offer throughout the year, including yoga, clay shooting and hovercraft flights. In the summer, the feasting deck caters for large groups who fancy a three-course outdoor barbecue extravaganza. Whereas other culinary delights can be found at the hotel’s reaustaunt, Hook, which – as the name suggests – specialises in seafood. Sunday roasts with a decadent twist (think onion bon bons) can also be enjoyed whenever you visit. thefishhotel.co.uk It doesn’t get much more quintessentially Cotswolds than Barnsley House. The hotel itself is a 17th-century manor house with four acres of land. Whatever time of year you visit there will be something fun to while away the time. For rainy days, or simply cosy evenings, the hotel offers complimentary sessions in the garden cinema, whereas those looking to head out can borrow wellies for walking and bikes for a cycle trail. Or simply kick back and relax with a treatment at the hotel spa. There are six rooms in the main house as well as suites and a private cottage. Each is decked out with everything you could want for a comfortable stay – including Ren skincare products. The picturesque garden is also the backdrop for the ground-floor restaurant, The Potager, which has a garden-to-plate philosophy – with vegetables, salads and herbs freshly-picked from the kitchen garden. What’s more, the hotel even has its own boozer, ‘The Boot’, located at the entrance to the grounds – whether you fancy traditional pub grub or a drink by the roaring fire. barnsleyhouse.com Perched above the idyllic village of Broadway lies Dormy House, a romantic escape that feels like you’re stepping into a stylish country home. Go traditional with a farmhouse room bursting with cottageore vibes, or a more contemporary option if that’s more your aesthetic. Alternatively, for something a little more private, opt for the secluded hot tub suite. Whatever time of year, you can easily spend a few hours at the hotel’s impressive spa – which offers both indoor and outdoor therapies, as well as a pool, terrace hot tub and Scandi-style thermal suite. Settle in for the evening at the hotel’s main restaurant The Back Garden – or for a post-dinner cocktail at The Shed. For a bit more of an occasion, Intimate MO opens for just 12 diners every evening for a gourmet tasting experience. dormyhouse.co.uk Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I went on a Caribbean wellness retreat, where ‘balance not abstinence’ is the hotel mantra MORE : The best travel deals, from cheap spa luxury to skiing with Olympians MORE : I went on a vegan yoga retreat as a meat eating foodie – here’s how it went