Brits Chris Parry and Andrew Bagshaw were killed while attempting a ‘humanitarian evacuation’ in Ukraine. The pair had travelled to Soledar, in the east of the country, to volunteer with aid efforts. Parry’s family have released a statement, through the Foreign Office, tonight. The statement from Rob, Christine and Katy Parry reads: ‘It is with great sadness we have to announce that our beloved Chrissy has been killed along with his colleague Andrew Bagshaw whilst attempting a humanitarian evacuation from Soledar, eastern Ukraine. ‘His selfless determination in helping the old, young and disadvantaged there has made us and his larger family extremely proud. ‘We never imagined we would be saying goodbye to Chris when he had such a full life ahead of him. He was a caring son, fantastic brother, a best friend to so many and a loving partner to Olga. ‘Chris was a confident, outward looking and adventurous young man who was loyal to everyone he knew. ‘He lived and worked away as a software engineer but Cornwall was always his home. He loved rock climbing, cycling, running and skydiving and wanted to travel the world. ‘He found himself drawn to Ukraine in March in its darkest hour at the start of the Russian invasion and helped those most in need, saving over 400 lives plus many abandoned animals. ‘It is impossible to put into words how much he will be missed but he will forever be in our hearts. ‘We feel so privileged that he chose our family to be part of.’ The pair had last been seen heading to the town of Soledar in the eastern Donetsk region of the country, where heavy fighting was reported. Bagshaw, a resident of New Zealand, was in Ukraine to assist in delivering humanitarian aid. Christopher had joined other volunteers on a rescue mission in Ukraine to help people escape bombed areas. Speaking to Sky News last year he said: ‘I went to a military command unit and spoke to a number of soldiers who described Bakhmut as the ‘worst place they had ever been’. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.