Richarlison has hit out at Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale for celebrating in front of Tottenham supporters and has issued an apology to Gabriel Martinelli after a spat with his Brazil teammate during the north London derby. Mikel Arteta’s side moved eight points clear at the top of the Premier League on Sunday with a 2-0 victory in the north London derby as a first-half own goal from Hugo Lloris plus Martin Odegaard’s excellent long-range strike sealed the win for the Gunners. Moments after the final whistle, Ramsdale was kicked by a Tottenham fan after he had stuck out his tongue, kissed the Arsenal badge on his shirt and celebrated his side’s victory in front of the home supporters behind the goal. Richarlison was furious with Ramsdale goading the Tottenham supporters in the closing moments of the match but the Brazil international was also involved in a verbal altercation with Martinelli in the second half as he accused the Arsenal forward of diving. Martinelli attempted to make up with Richarlison during the game as he went to fist bump his Brazil teammate, who was warming up on the touchline as a substitute, before taking a corner but the Spurs forward ignored the gesture. Speaking about the run-in with Martinelli after the game, Richarlison told ESPN Brasil: ‘It was a foul there that the referee ended up giving, we were close to the move, in my opinion it wasn’t, I told him he was diving a lot, so I didn’t shake his hand. ‘I’m apologising to him. Like it or not, he’s my teammate. It’s part of the game, it’s a derby, we were hot headed. ‘With Gabriel [Magalhaes], we argued a little because I wanted to get on with the game. ‘He ended up getting yellow, and I said to him, ‘let’s play, let’s play’. I told him they were stopping play all the time, it’s part of the game.’ Richarlison also explained why he was shoving Ramsdale immediately after the full-time whistle. ‘What I really didn’t like was their goalkeeper going to celebrate in front of our fans,’ said Richarlison. ‘It’s kind of disrespectful to our fans, he has their fans, he has to go celebrate with their fans, not be cute with our fans.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 