While Martin Compston is no stranger to blockbuster TV shows, having starred in all series of the BBC’s smash hit Line of Duty, he has promised The Rig is his ‘biggest’ yet. The Scottish actor, 38, portrays communications officer Fulmer Hamilton in the Amazon Prime series, which also stars Schitt’s Creek’s Emily Hampshire, 41, and Game of Thrones’ Iain Glen, 61. The six-parter follows a group of oil workers, led by Magnus MacMillan (Glen) who are stationed off the Scottish coast in the dangerous waters of the North Sea. But as they are due to be collected and return to the mainland mysterious and all-enveloping fog rolls through, with the rig hit by massive tremor, causing all their communications to be cut off. Effectively stranded, the team scramble to find out what’s driving this unknown force, which appears to have bionic properties, as shifting alliances are forged and broken. Martin spoke to Metro.co.uk about starring in the series, which was directed by Bodyguard and LOD’s John Strickland, and teased what fans can expect. Asked what drew him to the project, Martin responded: ‘I’ve worked with John [Strickland] a few times and he’s got about a class about him. ‘He always has a great set because John is very calm and very funny and you trust him. ‘When I spoke to him about it, it was the scale of the thing that I found exciting. It’s the biggest thing I’ve ever worked on in terms of the ambition of it.’ Throughout the series, the environment looms large, calling into question how it has been used – and abused – by mankind over the years. Asked whether The Rig was conveying a message or moral about the natural world, Martin replied: ‘Being Scottish, oil rigs are a big part of our culture; my dad worked on an oil rig. ‘It’s something to be proud of, in terms of money – it’s kept the British economy going the last couple of decades, it’s literally powered hospitals and it still has a part to play. ‘But it’s changing, it’s evolving and we need to evolve with it. Climate change is here, it’s not an open debate. He continued: ‘So the main thing for us, when you do something like this, is that, first and foremost it has to be entertaining. You can’t just keep banging people over the head with it. ‘People can lose interest and get bored. So I hope they just watch it and enjoy it and hopefully take something else away with it.’ The Rig is available to stream on Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Martin Compston warns fans about getting ‘excited’ over Line Of Duty season 7 rumours: ‘There’s nothing I can give’ MORE : Martin Compston ‘blown away’ by ‘genuinely wonderful’ reaction to new drama Mayflies 