North West and her dad, Kanye West, have enjoyed dinner together with the rapper’s new ‘wife’ Bianca Censori. In what could have been a ‘meeting the stepmother’ moment, the 45-year-old rapper donned what appeared to be a ring to the meal after he and Biana reportedly tied the knot in a ‘private love ceremony’ earlier in January. The trio were seen spending the evening together at Nobu in Malibu, California, in pictures obtained by the MailOnline. Architect Bianca sported short blonde hair for the gathering with some dramatic knee-high white furry boots, while Kanye wore a bandana covering his nose and mouth, as well as knee-padded trousers and a dark green bomber jacket. The gathering happened at the high-end eatery Nobu in Malibu, California, where North West, nine, arrived with a friend as her security team dropped her off to meet Kanye, who was waiting. The All Falls Down rapper’s divorce from North West’s mum Kim Kardashian was finalised a few months ago, after the reality TV icon filed in 2021 after six years of marriage. It is unclear how long Kanye, who also goes by Ye, has known his new ‘wife’ Bianca, or when they started dating, but she joined the Yeezy company in November 2020 and became the head of architecture. Now, the pair are enjoying some quality time with TikTok star North West, who just weeks prior posted an uncanny video dressed as her rapper dad alongside Kim, who gave serious heyday Kimye vibes. But North West isn’t the only one with a lookalike, as fans have been saying that Bianca, who is thought to be in her late 20s, is the spitting image of Kanye’s ex-wife Kim. While Bianca’s ring can’t be seen in the recent snaps, she posted a picture of the diamond-encrusted stack on Instagram a week before the dinner date. The pair have been tight-lipped about their relationship, and have not yet confirmed that they are indeed married, and as TMZ reported, they don’t seem to have filed a marriage certificate to make their nuptials legal. But Kanye’s new song, Censori Overload (pun likely intended) would suggest otherwise, as the star raps about his ‘wife’ and references marriage throughout. However, Bianca’s relatives broke the silence as one said they were ‘super happy’ for the pair. Kanye and Kim share three other kids aside from eldest North West; seven-year-old Saint, five-year-old Chicago, and Psalm, three. In recent months Kanye has hit the headlines and lost work due to multiple controversies, as he made a series of antisemitic comments, denounced Black Lives Matter, and praised Adolf Hitler. The couple share joint physical and legal custody of their four children, but Kim recently broke down into tears while speaking out about how co-parenting with Ye is ‘hard’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian buys famous necklace worn by Princess Diana for over £163,000 at auction MORE : Kanye West’s new ‘wife’ Bianca Censori’s family breaks silence over shock wedding  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.