Bruno Tonioli has been rumoured to be one of the names in the race ‘to replace David Walliams as a judge’ on Britain’s Got Talent. The former Strictly Come Dancing judge joins comedian Alan Carr in the rumoured line-up, after reports earlier on Tuesday claimed that the Chatty Man would be joining the panel alongside Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon for series 16 of the annual programme. In November 2022, Walliams’ future on the show was reportedly ‘up in the air’ with rumours swirling that the Little Britain star, 50, had quit after a decade on the panel. That same month the author apologised after a leaked recording caught him calling an elderly performer on the talent show the C-word three times. According to a transcript leaked to the Guardian, Walliams also said of a female hopeful: ‘She’s like the slightly boring girl you meet in the pub that thinks you want to f*** them but you don’t.’ Since then, it has yet to be confirmed whether Walliams would be returning to the judging panel. It has now been reported that The Masked Dancer star Bruno could be his replacement. A source said: ‘Signing up Bruno would be seen as a huge coup for Simon as he was always seen as a favourite on Strictly with his ostentatious style. ‘Bringing some of that hilarious magic across to BGT would help fill the big shoes left behind by comic David.’ The insider added to The Sun: ‘Although his background is almost entirely in dance, that has seen him work with a range of artists involved in West End shows as well as pop star’s videos, so he would bring a wealth of experience.’ The source also told the publication that signing Bruno would be ‘a snub to Strictly,’ which would follow former Strictly star Alesha joining the panel in 2012. Bruno, 66, revealed earlier this year he had quit the BBC’s juggernaut series after 18 years to concentrate on the American spin-off, Dancing With The Stars. Anton Du Beke took his place after stepping in during the pandemic, while Bruno judged the latest season of Dancing With The Stars across the pond with long-running colleague, Len Goodman. It was earlier shared: ‘Alan is joining the line-up, it just has to be him he’s brilliant.’ ‘The deal is being finalised, but it’s details now – and he’s totally up for it too. It’s the perfect hiring all round,’ the source added to The Sun. After the scandal, Walliams issued a statement and said he would ‘like to apologise to the people I made disrespectful comments about during breaks in filming for Britain’s Got Talent in 2020’. ‘These were private conversations and – like most conversations with friends – were never intended to be shared. Nevertheless, I am sorry.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Bruno Tonioli and Britain’s Got Talent for comment. Britain’s Got Talent returns later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alan Carr ‘set to replace’ David Walliams on Britain’s Got Talent judging panel MORE : Graham Norton ‘rejected’ opportunity to join Britain’s Got Talent judging panel following David Walliams controversy 