This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. When you’re suffering from a bad back, the thing you might want to do most is put your feet up until you feel better. Actually, the first thing NHS advises is to keep active and to try to go about your day as normal. This can be the last thing you want to do. Don’t they know how much pain you’re in especially when getting to the toilet makes you break out in a sweat or the thought of getting in and out of a car has you grinding your teeth? Back pain is very common and there are so many things that can trigger it, leaving you in agony and feeling miserable. Normally back pain improves within a few weeks, but sometimes it might stay with you a bit longer or even keep coming back. There are a few things that you can do to help ease the pain so it doesn’t stop you from living your life but it does depend on the cause. For example, if it’s a strain, a slipped disc, or sciatica etc. PERCKO has developed a range to help improve posture and relieve back pain that even physiotherapists are using. Physiotherapist Jeff Ross, who runs his own practice Harris and Ross in Manchester, tried using the Lyne Up vest and says: ‘It was doing the job that I would want my strapping to do. People are going to get better quicker, they are going to feel less pain.’ While Matt White, also a physiotherapist, said: ‘It feels like I get really nice support around my lower thoracic and my lumber region. I would be inclined to recommend my patients giving it a try.’ The range is designed to give you excellent support in a similar way to Kinesio taping but it goes further as it has a system of elasticated tensors strategically positioned on the upper body providing a dual-action: on the shoulders to open the chest and on the lower back to realign the spine and the pelvis. But the Lyne Up vest is not constricting as physiotherapist Ana Ungureanu tried it while she worked, and said: ‘It doesn’t restrict me, it allows me full range of movement when I treat my patients.’ It’s also so subtle that you can wear the vest or t-shirt beneath your clothes and no one would know. All of the PERCKO Lyne products are certified as medical devices and to do that, it means it’s undergone rigorous testing and research to ensure that it works. One study found that 86% of users were satisfied with their results after using it, while 72.5% reported reduced back pain and it scores 4.4/5 stars on Trustpilot. MORE : ‘I can smile now without embarrassing myself’: This teeth whitener is changing lives according to its users