Three men have been jailed after police discovered thousands of pounds worth of cocaine and cannabis stashed in a tumble dryer. Thomas James, 21, Simon Parker, 29, and Luke Gibson, 21, appeared in Chester Crown Court on Friday having pleaded guilty to drug dealing. They were thrown behind bars after police discovered Gibson tried to hide more than £10,000 worth of drugs inside a tumble dryer at his Camden Road home. The trio used a ‘graft’ mobile phone to deal drugs around Ellesmere Port in the Cheshire West and Chester borough, the court heard. This ‘brought misery’ to the community, police said. Police managed to bring the men in after trying to stop a Citroen Berlingo as it pulled up on Dourne Court in the port town. As the vehicle failed to stop, the three men fled before James and Parker were detained. Cash and cannabis were found inside the car alongside a Samsung mobile belonging to Parker. Police arrested the pair for supplying controlled drugs after police found hundreds of snap bags and two sets of scales as well as another phone. After obtaining a warrant to search James’ Princes Road home, officers found more than £8,000 in cash, 17 snap bags of cannabis, several mobile phones and a small amount of cocaine. Parker, of Joseph Groome Towers, will spend four years and five months behind bars. James, of Sutton Way, was jailed for three years and eight months. While Gibson, of Camden Road, was sentenced to three years. Police Constable Lee Ashbrook said: ‘This trio brought misery to communities in Ellesmere Port and I welcome the fact that they will now be behind bars for a substantial amount of time. ‘As part of the investigation, we seized large quantities of drugs preventing them from finding a way onto the town’s streets. ‘These drugs can bring neighbourhoods into disarray and we will do all we can to disrupt and deter those who are intent on bringing misery to our streets. ‘We will continue with our fight against illegal drugs in the community and we will do all we can to make our area free from illegal crime.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.