Rishi Sunak has sacked Nadhim Zahawi as Conservative Party chairman amid a multimillion-pound tax row. The prime minister told his colleague today: ’It is clear that there has been a serious breach of the Ministerial Code.’ The British leader explained his decision, saying that he had ‘pledged that the Government I lead would have integrity, professionalism and accountability at every level’. Mr Zahawi responded by telling Mr Sunak he ‘can be assured’ of his support ‘from the backbenches in the coming years’. It comes after he paid a multi-million-pound settlement – estimated to be around £5 million – to HMRC when he was Chancellor and in charge of the UK’s tax policy last year. He insisted he ‘acted properly’ and his ‘error’ over shares in the YouGov polling company he co-founded was ‘careless and not deliberate’. But Mr Sunak ordered his ethics adviser to look into the matter amid allegations Mr Zahawi tried to avoid tax. In a letter to the Prime Minister, the independent adviser on ministers’ interests Sir Laurie Magnus said that certain ‘omissions’ by Mr Zahawi fell short of the standards set out in the ministerial code. He failed to declare HMRC’s ongoing investigation – which started prior to his appointment as Secretary of State for Education – before July 2022, a report said. Sir Laurie also told the PM: ‘I also conclude that, in the appointments process for the governments formed in September 2022 and October 2022, Mr Zahawi failed to disclose relevant information – in this case the nature of the investigation and its outcome in a penalty – at the time of his appointment, including to Cabinet Office officials who support that process.’ Despite the circumstances of Mr Zahawi’s departure, the prime minister has praised him for his work in government over the years. In a letter to Mr Zahawi, he said: ‘Following the completion of the independent adviser’s investigation – the findings of which he has shared with us both – it is clear that there has been a serious breach of the ministerial code. ‘As a result, I have informed you of my decision to remove you from your position in His Majesty’s Government. ‘As you leave, you should be extremely proud of your wide-ranging achievements in Government over the last five years. ‘In particular, your successful oversight of the Covid-19 vaccine procurement and deployment programme which ensured the United Kingdom was at the forefront of the global response to the coronavirus pandemic.’ There had been growing pressure on the Cabinet minister to step aside – with  Labour leader Keir Starmer naming Mr Sunak ‘hopelessly weak’ for not sacking him sooner. In a letter to the Prime Minister following his sacking, Mr Zahawi did not explicitly mention the findings of the ethics inquiry into his tax affairs. He said he was concerned ‘about the conduct from some of the fourth estate in recent weeks’, in a reference to the media. ‘It has been, after being blessed with my loving family, the privilege of my life to serve in successive governments and make what I believe to have been a tangible difference to the country I love’, he added. The dispute surrounding Mr Zahawi had centred on a tax bill over the sale of shares in YouGov – the polling firm he founded – worth an estimated £27 million and which were held by Balshore Investments, a company registered offshore in Gibraltar and linked to Mr Zahawi’s family. He previously released a statement saying questions were raised about his tax affairs while he was being appointed chancellor. ‘Following discussions with HMRC, they agreed that my father was entitled to founder shares in YouGov, though they disagreed about the exact allocation,’ he said. ‘They concluded that this was a “careless and not deliberate” error. ‘So that I could focus on my life as a public servant, I chose to settle the matter and pay what they said was due, which was the right thing to do.’ Boris Johnson appointed Mr Zahawi as chancellor following the shock resignation of Mr Sunak last summer. He would only have the job for 63 days after Mr Johnson’s government eventually collapsed, making him the third shortest-serving chancellor of all time. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.