The family of Julian Sands have said they are ‘deeply touched’ by the support they have received following the British actor’s disappearance. They’ve also praised the ‘heroic’ efforts of Californian authorities conducting the search. A statement shared by the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Office read: ‘Our heartfelt thanks to the compassionate members of the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department who are coordinating the search for our beloved Julian, not least the heroic search teams listed below who are braving difficult conditions on the ground and in the air to bring Julian home.’ The statement went on to list various organisations involved in the search. ‘We are deeply touched by the outpouring of love and support,’ it read. The A Room With A View star – who moved to Los Angeles in California in 2020 – has three children and he is married to Evgenia Citkowitz. Actor Sands – a dedicated mountaineer – went missing earlier in January while hiking in the mountains in California. A police spokesperson told Metro.co.uk that the star, 65, was identified as one of two missing hikers on Friday, January 13 after being reported missing in the Baldy Bowl area of Mt. Baldy. A search was then conducted, but conditions were dangerous due to the risk of avalanche, resulting in the rescue effort being halted for safety. American police later resumed their search, with residents still holding out hope of finding him alive and well. In a message sharing the statement, the sheriff’s department added with an update: ‘As we enter day 11 of the search for Julian Sands on Mt. Baldy, we are reminded of the sheer determination and selflessness of all of the people who have aided in this search. ‘We will continue to utilise the resources available to us.’ On Monday, a spokesperson for the sheriff’s department told the PA news agency that conditions were still too dangerous for ground crews to operate, and that searches would be conducted by helicopter only. They said infrared devices have been used but there was no sign of Sands. The department said it has also begun searching for a second missing hiker in the same area, though the two incidents are separate. It comes after federal agencies joined efforts to find Sands, using mobile phone forensics to help pinpoint the actor’s location. It was previously revealed that pings from Sands’ phone appeared to show he had been on the move heading further into the mountainous area of Baldy Bowl on the day he was reported missing. The department also told PA previously that there was still ‘no hard deadline’ and ‘no date set’ for calling off efforts – and the incident is still being classified as a search and rescue operation. Last week it had urged fellow hikers to ‘think twice and heed warnings,’ saying its search and rescue teams had responded to 14 calls on Mount Baldy and in the surrounding area within four weeks. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Search for actor Julian Sands steps up as federal agencies join operation amid evidence of avalanches MORE : Julian Sands was ‘on the move’ on day he was reported missing as police confirm ‘no hard deadline’ in search for actor 