EastEnders could be set to welcome back another familiar face in the form of Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott), following Lily Slater’s (Lillia Turner) discovery that she is pregnant. 12-year-old Lily, as viewers know, found out that she was pregnant after winding up in hospital on New Year’s Day with carbon monoxide poisoning. Stacey (Lacey Turner) was notified by doctors, and due to her daughter’s age, the authorities were subsequently informed, with Lily then facing questions from the police. After some words of encouragement from Jean (Gillian Wright), Lily disclosed the truth about who the dad of her baby is to Stacey, confirming that she and Ricky Mitchell (Frankie Day) slept together just once. Stacey will subsequently do everything she can to support Lily, who has made it quite clear that she doesn’t want anyone knowing about the baby, including her nearest and dearest. Stacey has contemplated telling Martin Fowler (James Bye) the truth, given that Lily thinks of the market trader as her dad, but the big question is, will her biological father Ryan find out? If so, will this perhaps lead to a return? Ryan, as fans will recall, slept with Stacey, who later gave birth to his child, and the two soon embarked on a relationship, much to the horror of Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks), who was married to him at the time. The character was keen to be a proper dad to Lily, but he was subsequently written out of the show, going on the run after Rob Grayson – who had exploded his sister Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) – wound up dead following their altercation. Ryan made a number of short returns in the years that followed, popping up in the Square in 2014 and 2016, before ultimately handing himself into the police, on the basis that Whitney and Lily visited him in prison. He staged another comeback in late 2016, informing Whitney that the case had fallen apart due to a lack of evidence, which led to him being released. The character embarked on a relationship with a prison officer named Helen, who he later became engaged to, and we last heard of him when he reached out to Whitney last year to wish her a happy 30th birthday. But will Walford receive another visit from the fan-favourite when word of Lily’s pregnancy is revealed? EastEnders airs Mondays to Thursdays at 7:30pm on BBC One. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Kat Slater shoots DCI Keeble dead in terrifying gun showdown as shot is fired? MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Sad exit scenes for Billy Mitchell as he says goodbye to Will ahead of being jailed?