Chris Eubank Jr and his team are considering an appeal to the British Boxing Board of Control over an alleged elbow from Liam Smith. Smith entered Saturday’s contest in Manchester as the slight underdog but secured an emphatic fourth round stoppage win. The former light-middleweight champion backed Eubank Jr into a corner with a vicious flurry before rocking his opponent with a devastating left uppercut early in the round, leaving him in a heap on the canvas. Eubank Jr got backed to his feet to continue but was down again moments later after another flurry from Smith, with referee Victor Loughlin waving the contest off. In the aftermath of the win, footage suggested the Liverpudlian had caught his opponent during that first exchange. While Smith did appear to connect with his elbow during the frantic assault, it came as a result of a left hook slipping off Eubank Jr’s head and before the vicious uppercut that sent him to the mat. Eubank Jr’s trainer Roy Jones Jr shared a social media post this week that appeared to support those claims with his promoter Kalle Sauerland of Wasserman Boxing confirming they are considering an appeal to the BBBofC. ‘We are looking at it,’ Sauerland told Sky Sports, when asked about a potential appeal. Jones Jr suggested an elbow was used in an Instagram post on Monday, also hitting back at Matchroom chief Eddie Hearn who suggested his training had ‘taken away’ some of Eubank Jr’s best qualities. Jones Jr also shared two screen shots of the moment where Smith’s elbow appeared to catch his fighter, writing: ‘Warning!!!! All boxers!!!!! Avoid Roy Jones Jr as a trainer! Never mind this elbow…… Just avoid him,’ Jones Jr wrote. Tagging Hearn, he added: ‘Damn, If I can take all that away from a fighter via training, no wonder I raised so much hell in my day!! That almost sounds like Godly qualities, And I’m nowhere near what God is.’ Eubank Jr has a rematch option after suffering the third defeat of his career but has suggested he will take a couple of weeks to mull over his next move. MORE : Liam Smith picks next three opponents after beating Chris Eubank Jr and responds to Conor Benn fight talk MORE : Roy Jones Jr supports theory Chris Eubank Jr got knocked out by Liam Smith elbow and takes swipe at Eddie Hearn For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 