The Met Office has issued several warnings for wintry weather across the country. A yellow snow alert covering swathes of south-east England is in place from 2am until 8am tomorrow. Another alert lasting for four days warns for snow and ice for northern Scotland, starting at 2pm today and ending at 10am on Wednesday. A third ice alert covering Northern Ireland, parts of Wales and northern England, comes into force at 6pm, ending at 10am tomorrow. Meanwhile, more than 100 flood warnings have also been issued with the cold and wet conditions expected to continue well into next week. The Environment Agency currently has 95 flood warnings and 173 flood alerts across England. The Met Office said: ‘A few centimetres of snow are likely at low levels over a given 24-hour period, with the potential for 10-15cm above 200 metres, especially across parts of the Highlands. Ice will be additional hazard, especially Tuesday night.’ Drivers are urged to take care as the onset of wintry showers is set to bring icy patches on untreated roads. Railways are likely to be affected with longer journey times by road, bus and train services. The forecaster said: ‘By Sunday most of the UK will be in the northerly airflow, with lower temperatures spreading further south overnight. ‘Showers will fall increasingly as sleet and snow in the north, even to lower levels. Some showers further South and West, and perhaps a more persistent spell of rain overnight into Monday, could also turn to sleet and snow mainly over high ground such as the Brecon Beacons, Exmoor and Dartmoor. ‘Overnight frost will become more widespread by Monday night, with overnight temperatures below 00C across much of the UK. Temperatures could get down to -100C in sheltered glens, or across high ground areas of Scotland where there is lying snow.’ Flood defences, including boarding, have already been deployed in some towns and cities, such as York. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.