Prince Harry admitted that looking up Meghan Markle’s saucy love scenes online probably wasn’t the best idea. The legal drama, which ran for nine seasons until 2019, followed college dropout Mike Ross (Patrick J Adams) who ends up working with high-flying New York lawyer Harvey Specter (Gabriel Macht). The Duchess of Sussex played Mike’s love interest Rachel Zane, and in his latest memoir Spare, her husband Harry expressed his discomfort after seeing her X-rated scenes. ‘I’d witnessed her and a castmate mauling each other in some sort of office or conference room,’ he wrote. ‘I didn’t need to see such things live.’ For context, the scene the Duke is referring to takes place in the season two finale which sees Meghan’s character Rachel giving in to her feelings for Mike. The Duke of Sussex’s memoir has been dominating the headlines after he alleged that he was involved in a bust up with brother Prince William after he branded his wife ‘difficult’, ‘rude’, and ‘abrasive’, according to a leaked excerpt from his upcoming memoir Spare. Prince Harry has said the row escalated and William ‘grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor’. Details of Prince Harry’s physical feud with Prince William were revealed by the Guardian, with the publication claiming the ‘extraordinary scene’ is ‘one of many in Spare’ which is due to be published on January 10. The newspaper said it was able to obtain a copy of the book despite ‘stringent pre-launch security around the book’. It goes on to say that, according to Harry, his elder brother had wanted to discuss ‘the whole rolling catastrophe’ of their relationship and struggles with the press. The extract from the memoir comes after the release of a teaser trailer from an ITV interview in which Harry said he wants his father and brother back. The interview, due to be released on Sunday, will be broadcast two days before Spare is published around the world. In a series of clips, Harry tells presenter Tom Bradby: ‘It never needed to be this way’ and refers to ‘the leaking and the planting’ before adding: ‘I want a family, not an institution.’ Suits is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson’s Diddly Squat Farm Shop shuts down for over a month after Meghan controversy MORE : From Adele to Katie Price, Meghan and Harry: Psychic reveals what 2023 has in store for our favourite celebrities 