There’s not much more important in life than the people who surround you. Whether or not you’re keen on your work colleagues or family members can seriously affect how happy you are and how fulfilled you feel. So who do you spend the majority of your time with? Surprisingly enough, there’s a graph that can answer that question. But the results might not be exactly what you’d like. Data from the American Time Use Survey, which asked people of all ages in the US how they spend their day, has been doing the rounds on the internet for a while. The latest viral incarnation is Florida-based video creator Adorian Deck’s TikTok, which analyses the results for different groups and what they mean. For example, the amount of time we spend with friends is highest just after we leave school in our late teens, then falls dramatically over the course of our twenties. Similarly, the average number of hours per day spent with family starts high, then falls in our twenties to a consistent low for the rest of our lives. The time we spend with kids peaks in our thirties, which Adorian says ‘shows how little time we’re going to be able to spend with our children before they grow up’ – if we have them. The graph for average time spent with coworkers, on the other hand, stays fairly consistent for most of our lives because of the amount of time we spend at our jobs. That might signal the importance of working alongside people you get along with. A bright spot is the amount of time spent with a partner, which only grows the older we get: ‘That’s where all of our time went,’ as Adorian says. But perhaps the most jarring line on the graph is the amount of time we spend alone. Apart from two short periods in our teens and thirties, it is comfortably the most significant portion of our day. So while getting along with others around us is important for happiness, perhaps the most important step we can take is learning to enjoy our own company. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.