Pamela Anderson didn’t have the nicest things to say about the team behind Pam & Tommy. The Baywatch icon, 55, was at the centre of headlines last year when Lily James and Sebastian Stan starred in the controversial series. Telling the story of her romance with Motley Crue drummer Tommy Lee, the show documented the fallout of their sex tape scandal, after the video was leaked when it was stolen and distributed around the world. Pamela herself had no involvement in the show, and has since made it clear that it wouldn’t get her approval, despite its success. The show became somewhat of a pop culture sensation and saw a resurgence in Pam and Tommy costumes, and was nominated for a whopping 10 Emmy awards, catapulting Pamela back into the spotlight. But speaking to Variety, the star described the creator’s of Pam & Tommy as ‘a**holes.’ ‘When I first heard about the Pam & Tommy series, I think everyone just protected me from it. I wouldn’t get involved. And that’s… yeah… I don’t know,’ she began. ‘I just think it was interesting to hear about it. It didn’t make me happy.’ ‘A**holes!’, she exclaimed with a laugh, before clarifying: ‘Not a**holes but, salt on the wound.’ She branded the Hulu miniseries ‘not necessary’ but shrugged: ‘Anyway, it happened.’ Pamela hasn’t watched any of the programme, but it was impossible for her to ignore the billboards and ads promoting it. The lead stars certainly looked the part, donning Pamela and Tommy’s instantly recognisable outfits, sporting prosthetics, fake piercings, and tattoos. However, Pamela said: ‘It just looked like another Halloween costume to me. The actress has also since made it clear that she holds no anger towards the cast of the show, despite her frustrations over the fact that it was made. ‘I said to Netflix, “I’d love to invite Lily to the premiere of the movie,”’ she said in her Netflix documentary, Pamela: A Love Story. She insisted: ‘I’ve got nothing against Lily James. She was just doing the job. But the idea of the whole thing happening was just really crushing for me.’ Pamela also revealed that she received a note from ex-husband Tommy ahead of the show’s release. ‘I remember Tommy writing me a note saying, “Don’t let this hurt you like it did the first time,” because he had heard through the kids that I was struggling with the idea of bringing this all up again,’ she shared. ‘I don’t think he was portrayed kindly. I just know that I refuse to watch it.’ They tied the knot in 1995 and welcomed sons Brandon and Dylan together, but called time on their marriage three years later. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Toni Collette stars as powerful politician Margot Cleary in first look at thrilling adaptation of Naomi Alderman’s The Power MORE : Brendan Fraser insists he didn’t want to ‘vilify’ overweight people with 300Ib fat suit in The Whale  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 