Prince Harry has said he wants a ‘family not an institution’ in a bombshell clip released ahead of a TV appearance on Sunday. ITV News confirmed it has recorded an interview with the Duke of Sussex who left the royal family in 2020 to start a new life abroad with his wife, Meghan Markle. It will air two days before the publication of his memoir, Spare, which is expected to give intimate details about disagreements between him and his older brother. The 20-second clip released today shows Harry opening up about his relationship with the King and Prince William. Speaking to presenter Tom Bradby, he admitted he wanted to ‘get his father back’ and to ‘have his brother back’. In different outtakes from the interview, he says: ‘It never needed to be this way. The leaking and the planting… Harry then adds: ‘I want a family not an institution. They feel as though it is better to keep us, somehow, as the villains. ‘They have shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile. I would like to get my father back. I would like to have my brother back.’ Filmed in California where Harry now lives, ITV said Harry: The Interview will go into ‘unprecedented depth and detail’ about his life in and outside the royal family. The broadcaster stressed this will be ‘the first time either of them [the Duke and Duchess of Sussex] have been properly challenged about the claims they have made’ about the monarchy. Mr Bradby, a former royal correspondent for ITV, is a friend of the Sussexes and previously interviewed them for a documentary about their 2019 Africa tour. Harry’s autobiography, Spare, will hit the shelves on Monday, January 10, in what is seen as the latest attempt from the prince to tell his side of the story. He is expected to discuss how unfair it was that he was forced to play ‘second fiddle’ to his older brother, who is the heir to the British throne. The book is said to be ‘tough on William’ and includes a description of a fight between the pair, as well as ‘a broadside’ against Kate. The publication follows the success of the tell-all Netflix documentary series, Harry & Meghan, in which the duke and duchess opened up about the fallout from their decision to step down as working royals. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.