The trailer for Midsommar and Hereditary director Ari Aster’s new film, Beau Is Afraid, is finally here, and fans are in awe of Joaquin Phoenix’s performance. The two-and-a-half-minute clip provides our first glimpse as Phoenix as Beau, the film’s central character. After A24 dropped the trailer on Tuesday, film fanatics rushed to Twitter to dissect the teaser, with many placing bets on Phoenix scooping his second Oscar for the role. But before we get into all that, what the hell is Beau Is Afraid actually about? Well, entertainment company A24 has been pretty tight-lipped about the plot, but has shared a short synopsis that reads: ‘A paranoid man embarks on an epic odyssey to get home to his mother in this bold and ingeniously depraved new film from writer-director Ari Aster.’ In the trailer, Phoenix appears to struggle with his grip on reality as he desperately searches for his mum, who can be heard in the opening segment telling him that she’s sorry for ‘what your daddy passed down to you, but I wanted a child, the greatest gift of my life’. Yikes. What follows is pretty hard to interpret upon first watch, but we see Phoenix being hit by a car before seemingly being held captive in a stranger’s home. Oh, and the trailer switches between animation and live action. The response from fans was swift and positive, with many taking to Twitter to say Phoenix will likely win an Academy Award for the gig. One person wrote on social media: ‘Joaquin phoenix is coming for that second oscar idc,’ and another echoed: ‘Joaquin Phoenix might be winning the Oscar again in 2024.’ ‘Joaquin Phoenix winning Oscars next year,’ tweeted another fan of the trailer, with other comments including: ‘Another Oscar is coming in kitty of Joaquin Phoenix’ and ‘joaquin phoenix gonna get that oscar again YUP.’ Phoenix of course won the best actor Oscar in 2020 for his performance as Arthur Fleck in the film Joker. As for Beau Is Afraid, Phoenix stars alongside Nathan Lane, Patti LuPone and Amy Ryan. Aster previously revealed that his next movie would be a four-hour long ‘intimate, decades-spanning portrait of one of the most successful entrepreneurs of all time’. Despite saying the film is not a horror, Aster reassured his fans he will return to the genre in the future. During a Reddit AMA in 2019, he said: ‘It might take me a few movies before I wind back around to horror.’ MORE : Ferne McCann ‘pregnant with second child’ after celebrating one-year anniversary with fiance Lorri Haines MORE : David Beckham jumps over fence after being mobbed watching son Romeo make his Brentford B debut 