Leonardo DiCaprio was seen enjoying a glamorous holiday in the Carribean onboard a yacht with a mystery woman. The 48-year-old, who sported a pair of blue swimming drunks as he made the most of the sunshine, on the luxury ship, which was traveling around celeb fave, St Barts. Among The Wolf of Wall Street star’s cohort was a woman whose identity is unknown, although she chatted along happily to the actor while wearing a light blue floral bikini. His pal Joe Nahmad and his fiancée Madison Headrick, who wore a purple two-piece, were also spotted on the deck of the mega yacht, looking as though they were contemplating a dip in the deep blue sea. The Don’t Look Up star is currently thought to be single after sparking rumours he was dating 23-year-old actress Victoria Lamas, when they were spotted together in a car in December. While they left LA hotspot The Birds Street Club separately, the duo were photographed jumping into the same vehicle after the party had ended, although it’s understood they are just pals. The photos came after many speculated the actor was keen on the model and mother-of-one Gigi. Heads turned after the duo were papped in September amid chatter Gigi would be the first woman over the age of 25 the star had romantically been attached to – as well as the first mother. Sources close to the couple at the time offered updates on the status of the new romance, sharing they were dating but ‘taking it slow,’ according to Page Six. They went on to detail the couple’s outings earlier this year, confirming they had been alone and also socialised with groups but are not labelling themselves as ‘exclusive’ yet. Leo’s most recent official relationship was with Death Wish actress Camila Morrone, but following five years of dating they split at the end of last year shortly after she turned 25. An insider claimed at the time: ‘Leo and Camila ended their relationship over the summer.’ ‘There are no bad feelings between them,’ they added to the Sun. ‘It just came to a natural conclusion.’ The Oscar winner was first linked to the model, stepdaughter of Al Pacino, in 2017, when they both hit up Cannes Film Festival. It wasn’t until the following February that they attended their first event as a couple, celebrating Ellen DeGeneres’ 60th birthday party alongside a string of famous faces. Camila previously made headlines when she hit back at the speculation surrounding their private lives, slamming those who quizzed their two-decade age-gap. ‘There’s so many relationships in Hollywood — and in the history of the world — where people have large age gaps,’ she said in a chat with the Los Angeles Times. ‘I just think anyone should be able to date who they want to date.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Leonardo DiCaprio, 48, isn’t dating 23-year-old actress Victoria Lamas despite being snapped in car together MORE : Miriam Margolyes wants a word with Leonardo DiCaprio about his love of younger women  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 