Tony Christie isn’t concerned by his dementia diagnosis and had advised other sufferers to ‘get on tablets’. The 79-year-old (Is This The Way To) Amarillo singer, real name Anthony Fitzgerald, revealed earlier this month that he was diagnosed with the disease last year. Joining BBC Breakfast on Wednesday, Christie told viewers that he’s determined to keep performing and to carry on with life. ‘I’ve got a feeling that within a few years, there will be tablets that will cure it,’ he said. ‘I’m not worried.’ Dementia is most commonly associated with memory loss but can also affect the way that people speak, think, feel and behave, according to the NHS. Opening up about the moment he discovered he had the condition, Christie told the presenters: ‘I used to go through two or three crosswords a day and suddenly I was like what’s happening to me? [My wife] said let’s go and get checked. They told me I had early onset dementia and that was two years ago. I ignored it. ‘I just said carry on and I just did carry on and worked. So why have I come out about it? I’ve met a lot of people who have got it and they’re worried about it and I’m not worried about it.’ Christie shared that he spoke to specialists and was prescribed tablets to help him through his diagnosis. He continued: ‘The advice to people who are worried about it is to go and see a specialist and get on tablets.’ Christie previously opened up about his memory loss on Steph’s Packed Lunch, sharing that he was struggling to remember things. ‘I said to my wife, “I don’t know what’s wrong with me, I’m starting to forget people’s names and things”. She said, “Let’s go and see a specialist”. ‘I had all the tests and they said it’s an early start of dementia. They started me on these tablets which slowed it right down and it’s really slowed it down.’ He added, jokingly: ‘I can’t remember her name now’, pointing to his wife. BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 