The US will send 31 Abrams tanks to Ukraine – a significant blow to Russia’s efforts to dominate its sovereign neighbor. President Joe Biden on Thursday announced he would send the tanks, in a reversal from the US’s earlier stance that they were not suitable for Ukrainians. ‘These tanks are further evidence of our enduring, unflagging commitment to Ukraine and our confidence in the skill of Ukrainian forces,’ Biden said after a morning call with European allies. Russian President Vladimir ‘Putin expected Europe and the United State to weaken our resolve’, Biden said. ‘He was wrong. He was wrong. He was wrong in the beginning and he continues to be wrong. We are united.’ Equivalent to a Ukrainian battalion, they are ‘the most capable tanks in the world’, Biden said. The president said that Germany will send its Leopard 2 tanks and other allies will also contribute, in what will amount to two more battalions. Biden said that the buildup in tanks is not intended to expand the war into Russia. The tanks will ‘enhance Ukraine’s capacity to defend its territory and achieve its strategic objectives’, Biden said. ‘That’s what this is about – helping Ukraine defend and protect Ukrainian land. It is not an offensive threat to Russia, there is no offensive threat to Russia.’ The US had avoided sending Abrams tanks, noting complex maintenance and logistical challenges with machines that are so high-tech. Last week, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Colin Kahl said Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin believed the US ‘should not be providing the Ukrainians systems they can’t repair, they can’t sustain, and that they, over the long term, can’t afford, because it’s not helpful’. The US will provide Ukrainians with training and supplies to operate and run the tanks, Biden said on Thursday. Russia began a full-scale invasion of Ukraine and has continued to wage war for 11 months. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.