Graham Potter says he is sure he can win over Chelsea supporters despite them chanting for the return of Thomas Tuchel during their FA Cup exit to Manchester City. Chelsea were thrashed by City 4-0 at the Etihad on Sunday, courtesy of goals from Riyad Mahrez, Julian Alvarez and Phil Foden. The Blues looked completely and utterly out of their depth, managing just three shots, one on target, in the whole match, and fans quickly turned their fury on Potter. Away fans chanted Tuchel’s name, with many supporters still feeling their former manager was unfairly sacked back in September, and also sang for ex-owner Roman Abramovich. The chants were impossible for Potter and his team to ignore and he addressed the matter in his post-match press conference, saying: ‘We can’t do anything but do our jobs better and work harder. ‘We understand the supporters frustration but our job is to do our job. There are always other opinions, criticism and negativity, but that’s part of the challenge. ‘It’s always challenging in the Premier League and it’s always challenging here. I understand their frustration and I understand when you look at results and the team performance today that it is far away from Manchester City. ‘That’s clear. We have to focus on the next day, the next match. We play on Thursday and it’s an important game for us. ‘We need to stay together as group, support each other, and I’m sure we will get the support of the supporters when we see good performances and results.’ Chelsea have now won just one of their last seven games and currently it 10th in the table, 10 points off the Champions League spots, and up next, they travel to in form local rivals Fulham. ‘Well, the results in terms of the Premier League aren’t positive,’ Potter added. ‘Like I’ve said, you can make excuses and look for reasons or you can say it’s not good enough. ‘Both of those answers are correct so we have to keep improving and stick together because clearly we’re suffering as a football club and it’s not nice at all. That’s where we’re at at the moment.’ MORE : Pep Guardiola tells Chelsea to give Graham Potter time following Manchester City’s FA Cup win MORE : Former Chelsea target and World Cup star Josko Gvardiol suggests he wants Liverpool transfer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 