Who doesn’t love a seasonal manicure? It’s safe to say this winter has been a little underwhelming when it comes to snow and frost (so far). But that doesn’t mean we can’t still get icy and creative with our nails. Nicola Peltz Beckham’s blizzard French manicure is the latest nail trend to take social media by storm. It’s simple, it’s classic and it’s perfect for the winter months – what’s not to love? Nicola’s nail look was created by Tom Bachik, a celebrity nail artist, who also created Selena Gomez and Margot Robbie’s Golden Globes nail looks. Charlotte Knight, nail technician and founder of Ciaté London and Lottie London said: ‘The “Blizzard French” is reminiscent of the glazed doughnut nails we were seeing everywhere last year. This is like the glazed doughnuts big sister, a little more elegant and a lot more sparkle.’ Charlotte gave Metro.co.uk the lowdown on how to re-create the look. ‘This is a look that will be really doable however you will need 3 different polishes: a nude, a white and a sparkle,’ said Charlotte. ‘You want to start creating an ombre French effect which places the nude on the base of your nail blending out to a white at the tip. ‘The key to making this a sophisticated, salon-fresh look is blending the two as seamlessly as possible – for first timers, I recommend using a little cutting of a sponge and dabbing the shades on to blend out the harsh line. ‘I also suggest using something like Vaseline around the edge of your nail bed to minimise clear up or wipe a cotton bud with nail varnish remover around your cuticle. ‘Finally, to put the blizzard into your French, you need to overlay a glitter to your French ombre. ‘On this look, the glitter used was quite chunky and created the ‘snowy’ effect. The final result is guaranteed to have people asking what salon you went to.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From bare midriffs to black sequins, these are the trends we love from the Golden Globes red carpet MORE : ‘Main character energy’ is the new baby name trend for 2023 – but experts warn to choose wisely MORE : The new ‘white or blue’ dress: Woman sparks debate over the colour of her nails