The Baftas 2023 nominations have been revealed, with several films set to win big with multiple nominations. There have been some absolutely massive films released in the past year, with some of the biggest talking points now officially recognised by the prestigious awards show. Leading the film nominations for the 2023 Baftas is All Quiet On The Western Front, with a whopping 14 nominations including best film, director  and original score. The nominations mean the German anti-war film now equals Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon as the film not in the English language with the most nominations in Bafta’s history. It will also come as no surprise to anyone considering the buzz around it for the last few months that Martin McDonagh’s Banshees of Inisherin has also been tipped for glory with no less than 10 nominations. Matching Banshees with a well-deserved 10 nominations is the breathtaking Everything Everywhere All At Once, including a leading actress nod for Michelle Yeoh. A total of 45 films were nominated across different categories, from Guillermo Del Toro’s animated masterpiece Pinnochio to Irish language tearjerker An Cailín Ciúin (The Quiet Girl). And incredibly, of the 24 actors nominated for a Bafta Film award for their work in 2022, a whopping 14 of them are first-time nominees, having never been tipped before. These include Colin Farrell for his role in Banshees of Inisherin, Ana De Armas for her role in the controversial Marilyn Monroe film Blonde, Angela Bassett for Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, and Ke Huy Quan for Everything Everywhere All At Once. There are also some major names returning to the prestigious awards show in the hopes of adding to their previous wins, including the likes of Cate Blanchette and Emma Thompson. The best director category sees six top directors in the running for the coveted gong, and four of these six are being nominated for the very first time. Gina Prince-Bythewood, director of The Woman King; Todd Field, director of Tár, Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert, directors of Everything Everywhere All At Once, and Edward Berger for All Quiet on the Western Front are first-timers when it comes to nominations, and go up against veteran directors Matin McDonagh and Park Chan-wook for the prize. The full list of nominations comes after Sheila Atim, Naomi Ackie, Daryl McCormack, Emma Mackey and Aimee Lou Wood were announced as the nominees for the EE rising star award, the only award voted for by the public. Announcing the nominations, Bafta CEO Jane Millichip said: ‘The EE BAFTA Film Awards are a celebration of the full spectrum of craft and creativity that go into filmmaking. ‘We extend our warmest congratulations to the 215 people nominated today who represent 45 extraordinary films, spanning a vast range of narrative styles, genres and perspectives. ‘We are proud of the role our Awards play in inspiring the public and future filmmakers around the world, and we look forward to celebrating all the nominees and their films at the ceremony next month.’ Bafta chair Krishnendu Majumdar added: ‘The EE BAFTA Film Awards are at the heart of our mission to recognise exceptional storytelling and the immensely talented people who bring those stories to the big screen, inspiring both audiences and future filmmakers alike. ‘The range of films recognised by our 7500 voters, spanning blockbusters to independent debuts, offers a uniquely British perspective on this year’s best films from around the world. It is a huge achievement to reach this final stage – congratulations to today’s nominees.’ And Anna Higgs, chair of the Bafta film committee, said it was ‘heartening’ to see Bafta’s ‘ongoing work to level the playing field continues to have a positive impact on the diversity and scope of talent and titles nominated today.’ She went on: ‘I’m delighted to see an all-women list in our Outstanding Debut category, as well as so many first-time nominees across the board. Today is about celebrating the phenomenal success of this year’s nominees, who together with their fellow filmmakers and crews, have created a truly remarkable year of films.’ The Bafta Film Awards 2023 will air on BBC One on Sunday, February 19 from 7pm Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bafta EE rising star nominee Daryl McCormack shares advice after sex scenes with ‘personable’ Dame Emma Thompson MORE : Bafta EE rising star award nominee Naomi Ackie on secretive projects with Zoë Kravitz and Robert Pattinson: ‘It’s wild’ 