We have an actress to play Amy Winehouse in the late star’s biopic – with Marisa Abela confirmed for the iconic role. Most known for appearing as publishing heiress-turned-investment banker, Yasmin Kara-Hanani in BBC’s Industry, Marisa will lead Sam Taylor-Johnson’s biopic, titled Back To Black. A first look image of Marisa, 26, in character certainly requires a second glance, as the young actress embodies all things Winehouse down to a tee. The teaser snap captures Marisa mid-song, staring down at the ground while donning all of the singer’s iconic accessories. With gold hoops in her ears, a piercing above her lip, tattoos on her arm and, of course, the black beehive hairstyle, you’d be forgiven for thinking this was Winehouse herself. Created by StudioCanal, Focus Features and Monumental Pictures, highly-anticipated feature film Back To Black will document Winehouse’s ‘vibrant years living in London in the early aughts and her intense journey to fame.’ Acclaimed Sam will direct and executive produce the film, with cameras set to start rolling in the capital on Monday, January 16. Naturally, the flick will feature many of the Grammy winner’s hit songs, with the full support of Universal Music Group, Sony Music Publishing and The Amy Winehouse Estate. Speaking about her passion for the project, director Sam said: ‘My connection to Amy began when I left college and was hanging out in the creatively diverse London borough of Camden. I got a job at the legendary Koko Club, and I can still breathe every market stall, vintage shop and street… ‘A few years later Amy wrote her searingly honest songs whilst living in Camden. Like with me, it became part of her DNA. I first saw her perform at a talent show at Ronnie Scott’s Jazz Club in Soho and it was immediately obvious she wasn’t just talent… she was genius.’ She added that as a filmmaker, Sam couldn’t ‘ask for more,’ sharing that she’s both ‘excited and humbled’ to have the opportunity to tell Winehouse’s ‘beautifully unique and tragic story’. ‘I am fully aware of the responsibility,’ Sam assured. ‘With my writing collaborator – Matt Greenhalgh – I will create a movie that we will all love and cherish forever. Just like we do Amy.’ Giving their blessing, The Amy Winehouse Estate added that they are ‘thrilled’ to have the film in safe hands, celebrating their daughter’s ‘extraordinary music legacy and showcasing her talent in the way that it deserves.’ Winehouse – who is hailed by many as one of the greatest ever vocalists – died on July 23, 2011. It was known that she struggled with substance abuse and addiction through her life, and she died of alcohol poisoning at the age of 27. After her death, Back to Black briefly became the UK’s best-selling album of the 21st century. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : M3GAN review: Surprisingly funny and offbeat but this doll is up there with Chucky MORE : Nicolas Cage ‘heartbroken’ as he reacts to ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley’s death: ‘She lit up every room’ 