The man who hid M25 road rage killer Kenneth Noye while he was on the run could be revealed in previously unreleased tapes, it is claimed. Noye was arrested in Spain in 1998, two years after he stabbed 21-year-old Stephen Cameron to death on the hard shoulder of the motorway near Swanley in Kent. He served 19 years in prison, before being released on parole in 2019. The identity of the person who harboured Noye has never been revealed, but the Daily Mirror reports that retired accountant Paul Blanchard may have found the answer. Blanchard, a convicted fraudster who was jailed for six years and six months in 2008, claims to possess tapes containing 500 hours of interviews with people linked to gangster John Palmer. He told the newspaper that one of the associates can be heard on the tapes saying: ‘I take him away from everybody – only God knows where he is.’ The interviewer, a writer who was working on an autobiography that was never published, is said to ask: ‘This is while Noye is on the run?’ According to Blanchard, the man replies: ‘Exactly. I was involved because John Palmer told me to be involved. I’m too happy to help.’ Blanchard said he planned to hand the tapes over to police, adding: ‘It is in the public interest and I’m doing it for Stephen’s family.’ Palmer and Noye both stood trial in cases linked to the 1983 Brink’s-Mat robbery, when £26 million of gold, diamonds and cash was stolen from a warehouse near Heathrow Airport. While Palmer was acquitted of handling the gold bullion from the robbery, Noye was sentenced to 14 years in prison for his role. It was after he was released in 1994 that the road rage incident occurred. Palmer died in 2015 after being shot in the chest while he was burning rubbish in the garden of his home. The murderer has still not been identified. The Daily Telegraph reported last week that Noye, 75, was calling for an inquiry to be set up into police corruption, and said he would give evidence. His criminal exploits will be covered in a TV show and a book this year. The Gold, a six-part BBC drama series about the Brink’s-Mat robbery with Hugh Bonneville and Dominic Cooper, is due to be released later in 2023. The non-fiction book about Noye’s time on the run, written by Donal McIntyre and Karl Howman and titled A Million Ways to Stay on the Run, will come out in February. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.