Rio Ferdinand wants ‘clarity’ from Manchester United over Jadon Sancho’s absence and insists the Premier League club ‘need’ the £73m signing back. Sancho, who arrived at Old Trafford in 2021 from Borussia Dortmund, has missed United’s last nine matches, stretching back to late October. Speaking ahead of the Premier League return last month, Erik ten Hag admitted he had no idea when Sancho would be ready to return to first-team duties. The 22-year-old had been training away from his Manchester United team-mates, with Ten Hag saying he was ‘not in the right status or fitness state.’ Prior to United’s Premier League win at Wolves on Saturday, Ten Hag said Sancho was ‘making progress’ but was still not ready to rejoin the squad. Ferdinand admits Sancho’s absence is a concern and wants ‘clarity’ from Manchester United over why he has been training alone. But the Old Trafford legend has reassured Sancho that United still ‘need’ him and says he can become a key member of Ten Hag’s squad if he rediscovers his Dortmund form. ‘Jadon Sancho is an interesting one man,’ Ferdinand said on the Vibe with Five YouTube channel. ‘He’s gone away and he’s doing personal training somewhere. I don’t know what’s happened or what’s behind all this. I don’t know what it is. ‘Is he not fit or is it mental? What are they seeing at United? It would be nice to get that clarity. ‘Listen, Jadon Sancho is a south London boy so I care about him and want him to do well. But he hasn’t hit the ground running at Manchester United, for whatever reason. I don’t know why. ‘United actually need him right now, they need another player because the depth on the bench isn’t great. ‘Sancho would add to that but he needs to come back and be the Sancho we saw at Dortmund, the Sancho that got people off their seats. ‘I watched an old video of Sancho the other day and he was tearing it up against Barcelona at the Nou Camp. That’s the Sancho I expected to see at United. ‘I wanted him to come to the Theatre of Dreams and say: “This is my home, I’m going to own this place.” We just haven’t seen that yet and it’s actually grating on me as to why. I need to know why man.’ Manchester United have beaten Nottingham Forest and Wolves since the World Cup to climb to fourth in the Premier League. Ten Hag’s side continue their Premier League campaign on Tuesday against Bournemouth. MORE : Liverpool over Man Utd was ‘best choice’ for Cody Gakpo, says Ronald de Boer MORE : Three Premier League clubs urged to sign Manchester United outcast Harry Maguire For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 