Prince Harry said that taking psychedelic drugs has helped him clear the ‘misery of loss’ of his mother Princess Diana when he was 12 years old. The Duke of Sussex in a 60 Minutes interview last night spoke about using drugs including psychedelics, Ayahuasca, psilocybin and mushrooms when he was a teenager. He told CBS: ‘I would never recommend people to do this recreationally. ‘But doing it with the right people if you are suffering from a huge amount of loss, grief or trauma, then these things have a way of working as a medicine.’ Asked what the psychedelics showed him, Harry said they helped him face and overcome the traumatizing death of his mother in car crash. ‘For me, they cleared the windscreen, the windshield the misery of loss,’ he said. ‘They cleared away this idea that I had in my head that – that my mother, that I needed to cry to prove to my mother that I missed her. When in fact, all she wanted was for me to be happy.’ Harry said it was obvious to him at 12 years old that the British press had a ‘part in our mother’s misery’ and that he ‘had a lot of anger inside’ that he never expressed to others. He said: ‘But I resorted to drinking heavily. Because I wanted to numb the feeling, or I wanted to distract myself from how… whatever I was thinking,’ Harry said. ‘And I would, you know, resort to drugs as well.’ Harry also admitted to using cocaine and marijuana. He felt ‘lost’ and ‘hopeless’ in his late 20s. ‘There was this weight on my chest that I felt for so many years that I was never able to cry,’ Harry said. ‘So I was constantly trying to find a way to cry, but – in even sitting on my sofa and going over as many memories as I could muster up about my mum.’ Harry said he watched videos online of his mother hoping to cry, but couldn’t. He sought out a therapist for the first time seven years ago, and that was when he tried more experimental treatments like psychedelics. It comes as the Prince is set to release his memoir ‘Spare’ that will hit the shelves in UK book shops today. A number of bombshell claims have already been leaked from the new book, including his use of drugs and his explosive relationship with his brother. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.