Kim Kardashian has proved herself to be the supportive big sister as she accompanied Khloe Kardashian on a flight home from Toronto following the death of her ex Tristan Thompson’s mum Andrea. Andrea died suddenly on Thursday after suffering a heart attack and being rushed to hospital but was unable to be resuscitated. It is believed that Tristan was in Los Angeles with 38-year-old Khloe – who he shares two children with – when he received the news of his mother’s death, with the former couple swiftly boarding a private jet to Toronto. Khloe’s elder sister Kim, 42, has now been photographed with her as they arrived back to Los Angeles after supporting Tristan through his grief. The sisters opted to dress down for their flight, with Kim wearing an all-black ensemble and carrying a large Gucci bag. She wore oversized sunglasses and wore her hair swept back in a plait as they landed back on home soil. Khloe opted for a tan tracksuit with her hair hidden underneath a black beanie hat, matching Kim in her option to wear sunglasses. Mail Online reports that Khloe – who was in an on-off relationship with basketball player Tristan for six years – was ‘very close’ to Andrea and is ‘keen to support Tristan during this awful time and will ensure everything is taken care of.’ Khloe’s mother, Kris Jenner, paid an emotional tribute to Andrea at the weekend, sharing pictures of Andrea with the Kardashian family on social media. Alongside the snaps, she wrote: ‘I am so heartbroken by the sudden passing of Tristan’s mom, Andrea. ‘My thoughts, prayers and all of my love are with Tristan, Amari, Dishawn and Daniel. ‘You were the most amazing, dedicated, devoted, and selfless mom and such a loving, kind, and fabulous grandmother. ‘What a blessing you were to your family!!! I will miss you Andrea. ‘I will miss your bright spirit and amazing light. ‘Thank you for always praying for us and lifting us up and encouraging us along the way. Rest in peace beautiful angel.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : North West, 9, shows off sprawling ‘mini LA’ play village in mum Kim Kardashian’s back garden, complete with Starbucks and KKW Boutique MORE : Kim Kardashian’s ex media strategist claims she staged flour bomb stunt at perfume launch  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 