Arsenal have received a second Football Association charge in the space of a week after they surrounded referee David Coote during Monday’s FA Cup third round tie against Oxford United. The Gunners eventually progressed to the fourth round after a three-goal second half display, but the opening 45 minutes proved frustrating for Mikel Arteta’s side. Tempers flared during the opening period when Coote failed to award a penalty after Eddie Nketiah’s shot was blocked by the hand of Oxford defender Elliott Moore. With VAR not in operation, Arsenal’s protests fell on dead ears and the FA subsequently took a dim view of at least four players remonstrating with the match official. A statement read: ‘Arsenal FC has been charged with breaching FA Rule E20.1 during its tie against Oxford United FC in The FA Cup on Monday 9 January 2023. ‘It’s alleged that Arsenal FC failed to ensure its players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion during the 34th minute, and the club has until Monday 16 January 2023 to respond.’ Arsenal, meanwhile, were charged last week with failing to control their players during the closing stages of their goalless draw with Newcastle.  Mikel Arteta accused the match officials of two ‘scandalous’ decisions after two penalty appeals were waved away, while the Arsenal manager was also incensed when only five minutes of injury time was added on, despite numerous second half stoppages. ‘They are two penalties, it’s very simple,'”‘ the Arsenal manager insisted to Sky Sports after seeing his side’s 100% home record go up in smoke. ‘I’m talking about what I’ve seen, now, and it’s two scandalous penalties.’ The Spaniard’s enigmatic touchline behaviour has come under scrutiny in the last week amid claims his histrionics transmit uncertainty and add pressure to his players. Asked about the calls for him to keep a lid on his antics, Arteta said: ‘If I think I have to change something, believe me, I will look in the mirror and change it. ‘I will always try to be better. Whatever I do, if it is tomorrow or the next day, is to make the club stronger, my players better, play better and win. ‘People can have their opinions. I try to do my best for this football club, to defend it, to promote it, to play with the passion I believe the game has to be played with. ‘There are moments – it is not the way I behaved against West Ham, every game is special. Every manager behaves differently regarding the circumstances. ‘You cannot take the context out of a situation – I don’t think that is fair. That’s me! Whether I am here or on the pitch, that’s me – the good and the bad!’ Asked if he believes his behaviour impacts his players, Arteta added: ‘That’s not for me to say. I hear a lot of times that this team is the mirror of the coach, or the passion – I don’t know.’ MORE : Bacary Sagna makes Tottenham vs Arsenal north London derby prediction MORE : Mykhailo Mudryk ramps up transfer pleas by posting video wearing an Arsenal shirt For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 