Priscilla Presley has contested the ‘authenticity and validity’ of Lisa Marie Presley’s will. The daughter of Elvis Presley died on January 12 at the age of 54, just days after attending the Golden Globes. Presley was rushed to hospital in cardiac arrest, with Priscilla, 77, later confirming the ‘devastating’ news. Following Presley’s Graceland funeral, the Naked Gun actress has expressed concern about a ‘purported 2016 amendment’ to her late offspring’s Promenade Trust. It named the singer’s daughter Riley Keough a co-trustee, and questioned whether the star’s signature on the document was genuine. Priscilla filed legal documents in Los Angeles on Thursday (January 26), which challenged the amendment naming Riley and her brother Benjamin – who took his own life in 2020 – as co-trustees. She claimed she and her late daughter’s former business manager Barry Siegel had been appointed co-trustees on January 29, 1993 when Presley ‘executed a revocable living trust, which she amended and completely restated on January 27, 2010.’ Priscilla also noted ‘both the 1993 original trust and 2010 restatement appear to be carefully drafted by competent estate planning attorneys.’ Following her daughter’s death earlier this month, Priscilla found a document dated March 11, 2016, which pertained ‘to be an amendment’ to the trust. This removed her and Barry as co-trustees and installed the singer’s children instead. The actress wrote in documents obtained by Entertainment Tonight that ‘there are many issues surrounding the authenticity and validity of the purported 2016 amendment’, such as the misspelling of Priscilla’s name and that the amendment ‘was never delivered to [Priscilla] during Lisa Marie Presley’s lifetime as required by the express terms of the Trust.’ She also argued Presley’s signature on the 2016 paperwork ‘appears inconsistent with her usual and customary signature.’ Priscilla wants the amendment to be declared invalid by a judge. At the time of Presley’s death, she and Barry were engaged in a court battle over the management of her fortune. The Promenade Trust holds a 15% interest in Presley’s father’s Graceland estate and the licensing of his intellectual property. Presley is now laid to rest at the sprawling estate in Memphis, Tennessee, next to her late son who died aged 27. Hundreds of grieving fans attended her public memorial service last week, laying flowers and tributes and paying their respects at her grave. An emotional Priscilla also spoke at the service, and read out a poem written by her granddaughter and one by Riley, which hailed her mother her ‘eternal love.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Priscilla Presley says she’s on ‘dark painstaking journey’ after death of Lisa Marie Presley as she thanks fans for support MORE : Riley Keough channels grandfather Elvis Presley as glamorous rockstar in first trailer for Daisy Jones & The Six  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 