Pep Guardiola says he is prepared to ‘fight on the touchline’ with Mikel Arteta when Manchester City play Arsenal in the FA Cup. The Citizens host the Gunners on Friday night in the first meeting between the two Premier League title contenders this season. Much has been made of the friendship between the two managers and the way Arteta served as Guardiola’s protege during his time as part of City’s coaching staff. But while the pair have spoken of their great respect for each other, Guardiola is ready for things to get heated during the match, saying in his pre-match press conference: ‘He’s a rival, of course he is. ‘He wants to beat me and I want to beat him. I know how we both are and in defeat we are not the best friends in the world. ‘From my point of view I have a huge respect for him as a person, as a manager. That’s not going to change if we’re going to fight on the touchline. ‘Sooner or later it’s going to happen, I guess, but when that is going to happen it’s not going to change the respect I have [for him] or anything.’ Much has been made of Arteta’s touchline antics, with fans and pundits divided on how the Spaniard conducts himself during games, though perhaps surprisingly he has only been booked once so far this season – in the last game against Manchester United. Asked about this, Guardiola defended his compatriot and claimed that the criticism aimed at him was nothing more than jealously, adding: ‘I know quite well this situation. ‘When you are top of the league they have to undermine you for another reason, and they are doing that right now. ‘Anything can happen on the touchline in the moments of the game. I teach him few things but this comes from himself, his mum and dad, his character and that was already there. ‘I know him and I had the feeling during the time we worked together that what he is doing is not fake, it is him. When we were making a training session and in a game, always he was complaining about referees, and that was as an assistant coach. ‘It is what it is. So after that I am not a judge. Everyone is everyone and sometimes I behave as well in this way.’ MORE : Wigan sack Arsenal and Liverpool hero Kolo Toure after just nine games and no wins MORE : Sergio Aguero hits back at ‘disrespectful’ Zlatan Ibrahimovic over Argentina World Cup comments For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 