Kylie Jenner has finally confirmed the name of her baby boy, who was born last year. The reality star originally shared that his name was Wolf, born just one day after eldest child Stormi’s birthday. However, she later admitted that his name no longer ‘suited’ him, so she and Travis Scott were still deciding on a new moniker. At long last, his name as been revealed, with Kylie taking to social media to tell her 378million followers that her son is called… *drumroll* Aire! Having kept her baby boy out of the spotlight for the first 11 months of his life, the Kylie Cosmetic founder also showed his face properly for the first time with a series of adorable snaps. The first was a mirror selfie of the mother and son duo cuddled up, with little Aire already having perfected the pout. Kylie’s second snap caught the little one on the sofa, wearing the cutest car print onesie and donning a black beanie hat. The third picture was too adorable for words, as the two larked about on what looks to be the set of a photoshoot, with Kylie smothering Aire in kisses as he giggled away. Her fourth and final photo captured Aire in his high chair, with food dribbling down his face, as happy as can be. Speaking previously about her indecisiveness around her son’s name, Kylie explained why they had initially settled on Wolf. The 25-year-old said: ‘We didn’t really have a name, I just thought it was going to come to us when we saw him and it didn’t. ’24 hours before we had to sign the birth certificate, or else they just register him without a name and he doesn’t get a social security number… So I felt the pressure to choose a name, and then Khloe said, the day before we sign, “What about Wolf?”. The beauty mogul continued: ‘I like the WW, so we just put Wolf Webster in that moment. Right after I signed the birth certificate, I was like, “What did I just do?” It’s a part of his story but his name has changed.’ She also admitted to being nervous to announce his name publicly, having already thought about changing it several times with now ex-boyfriend Travis. Kylie and Travis first went public with their romance at Coachella in 2017 but briefly split in 2019 before rekindling their romance. It was then reported in early January that they had split a second time, almost one year after their second child was born. The couple had their first child, Stormi, now 4, in February 2018, with Kylie having stayed away from the limelight and concealing her pregnancy. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyoncé is an actual goddess as she dazzles in golden gown at The Royal Atlantis launch weekend in Dubai MORE : Kendall Jenner and Liam Payne lead super stylish celebs as Michelle Keegan and Mark Wright cosy up for date night at The Royal Atlantis launch in Dubai  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 