Susanna Reid has expressed her sorrow after Prince Harry claimed his brother Prince William ‘knocked him to the floor’ during a physical altercation. The Duke of Sussex has alleged that he was involved in a bust up with the future King after he branded his wife Meghan Markle ‘difficult’, ‘rude’, and ‘abrasive’, according to a leaked excerpt from his upcoming memoir Spare. Prince Harry has said the row escalated and William ‘grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor’. Discussing the bombshell story on Thursday’s episode of Good Morning Britain, Reid described the alleged events as ‘so sensitive’ and ‘so painful’. ‘This argument between them… there’s obviously so much bad blood,’ she began, before referring to Tom Bradby’s interview in which Prince Harry said he wants to reconcile with his father and brother. ‘How can they come back together as a family after this?’ she asked. ‘It’s so painful.’ Co-host Ben Shephard then added: ‘It might take a long time, hopefully at some point they will, because they are still brothers who have been through what they’ve been through as children, losing their mum like they did. ‘And they are uncles to each other’s children, [which is] such an important thing.’ ‘We’ve got the coronation this year of course,’ Reid pointed out. ‘Can he [Harry] be here for the coronation? It would be desperate if he’s not.’ Details of Prince Harry’s physical feud with Prince William were revealed by the Guardian, with the publication claiming the ‘extraordinary scene’ is ‘one of many in Spare’ which is due to be published on January 10. The newspaper said it was able to obtain a copy of the book despite ‘stringent pre-launch security around the book’. It goes on to say that, according to Harry, his elder brother had wanted to discuss ‘the whole rolling catastrophe’ of their relationship and struggles with the press. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 