The fatal shooting of a British tourist in Jamaica was a ‘contract killing’ carried out by ‘unknown assailants’ ordered from the UK, police there have said. Sean Patterson, a 33-year-old personal trainer from west London, was found with gunshot wounds to his chest and head on Monday near the pool of his guest house in Bogue Hill, St James. Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Fitz Bailey said: ‘Our investigation so far has theorised that the murder was a contract killing that emanated from Britain.’ Mr Bailey went on to say Mr Patterson arrived in Jamaica shortly before New Year’s Eve on December 29 with another man who was also from London. The pair spent several days at an apartment before checking into the villa in Bogue Hill on New Year’s Day. Later that day, the commissioner said, the two Brits had met up with a third man – from Kingston – who would be present when Mr Patterson was shot and killed. All three men had stayed at the guest house in separate rooms and the following day at around noon, Mr Patterson and the Jamaican man had gone to the villa’s pool deck. ‘(The Kingston man) reported that his back was turned to (Mr) Patterson when he heard several loud explosions (which) sounded like gunshots,’ Mr Bailey said. ‘He reported that he looked around and saw a lone man dressed in a black hooded sweatshirt with a handgun shooting (Mr) Patterson.’ The witness reportedly fled and hid in bushes. When they arrived at the scene, police found the victim on his back in a ‘pool of blood’ with ‘what appeared to be gunshot wounds to the upper-body and head’. Mr Bailey added: ‘There is no evidence (Mr) Patterson was robbed.’ The commissioner concluded by saying local authorities were working with their international partners – including UK police – and were making ‘significant progress’ in the case. On Tuesday a Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) spokesperson confirmed to they are currently ‘supporting the family of a British man who died in Jamaica and are in contact with the local authorities’. Mr Patterson’s mother told the Daily Mail her son had travelled to the Caribbean island to meet family and it was his first time visiting the country. Lesley Wright of Shepherds Bush, west London, said he had relatives in Jamaica on his father’s side but never got to meet them before he was shot and killed. Mrs Wright, 63, said: ‘The local police have told me that Sean was at a big party over New Year and was sitting by a pool talking to friends. ‘Someone pulled at his arm and he shrugged the person off but about four gunshots were fired immediately afterwards and Sean was hit in the upper body.’ She added: ‘I’ve lost my baby. No mother should have to bury her child. ‘He’d gone to Jamaica with my godson and one of my best friends and had only been there for two days.’ His mother went on to say her son was not ‘the argumentative type’ so she was at a loss over the motive behind his killing, describing him as the ‘loveliest, sweetest boy and the kindest, most happy-go-lucky man’. ‘We hope for justice and that my son’s killer is taken off the street where they can’t hurt anyone else and destroy another family,’ Mrs Wright said. The 33-year-old had been due to marry his long-term girlfriend in 2023, the Mail said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.