Rapist police officer David Carrick was paid at least £60,000 by the Metropolitan Police while he was remanded in custody, it has emerged. The 48-year-old, who has admitted to more than 70 sex attacks on 12 women over the course of nearly 20 years, continued to receive his full salary for more than a year after he was first accused. The country’s most prolific sex offender in recent history was first arrested on suspicion of rape in July 2021 – but wasn’t suspended from his role as a parliamentary and diplomatic protection officer at that time. He was put on restricted duties, withdrawn from public-facing deployments and had his firearms authorisation removed. Carrick’s victim decided to drop the complaint at the time, with the Met choosing to reinstate him in September. His pay was finally stopped after he entered his first guilty plea to offences in December, last year, and he has since been sacked from the force with officials beginning the process of trying to strip him of his pension. LBC reports that he received £60,000 in wages while suspended and it is understood there is no mechanism to force him to repay that money. Under Government rules police officers who are the subject of misconduct hearings and are suspended, must receive their pay. The Metropolitan Police declined to comment on the reports. According to the Met a constable with six years service who progresses through one pay band each year can expect to earn around £50,000 a year. Carrick had been a PC in the Met for nearly 20 years and had served in the same unit as Wayne Couzens – the police officer who raped and murdered Sarah Everard in March 2021. Carrick, nicknamed ‘Bastard Dave’, is now believed to be one of the worst sex offenders in modern history after he was unmasked as a serial rapist who attacked 12 women 24 times. He is facing decades behind bars after admitting a total of 49 offences between 2003 and 2020. Carrick, 48, used his position as a police officer to gain his victims’ trust and convinced them they would not be believed if they reported him. The armed officer in the specialist Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command preyed on dating sites including Tinder and Badoo in a bid to find vulnerable women before arranging to meet them at bars. He flashed his warrant card and boasted of meeting high-profile figures, including former PM Boris Johnson, as part of his work. Carrick would present himself as ‘fun-loving, charming and charismatic’ but was ‘very manipulative’ and ‘very self-confident, almost to the point of cocky’, prosecutors said. Last night the Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said efforts will be made to strip Carrick of his police pension as his crimes were committed in connection with his job. However, he said that because of rules surrounding this process, he will still get to keep around 35 per cent of the total. Home Office guidance states pension forfeiture can only be applied for when an officer has a conviction ‘committed in connection with their service as a member of a police force’ and the offence has been certified by the Home Secretary as ‘liable to lead to a serious loss of confidence in the publics service’ or ‘gravely injurious to the interests of the state’. Such applications are usually made after a police officer has committed a crime while on duty. A spokesman for the Mayor of London said: ‘The Mayor’s Office for Policing and Crime (Mopac) will pursue pension forfeiture in this case as it is clear that PC Carrick committed offences in connection with his service as a member of a police force.’ The Met has since apologised to victims after it came out that Carrick’s attacks had come to their attention over nine incidents including allegations of rape, domestic violence, and harassment between 2000 and 2021. Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley said: ‘I think we’ve failed over two decades to be as ruthless as we ought to be in guarding our own integrity. ‘We haven’t been as intrusive as we should be, joining the dots on cases to spot problematic officers and we haven’t been as determined in our decision making, as confident and assertive as the public would expect and that is why I’m apologising.’ Carrick will be sentenced over two days on February 6. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.