Arsenal are ready to hijack Chelsea’s moves for Brighton star Moises Caicedo and Everton ace Amadou Onana. Chelsea failed with two bids for Caicedo last week, the second of which believed to be worth around £55m. The Ecuador international is keen on a move to Stamford Bridge, despite saying on Tuesday that he was ‘focused’ on staying with the Seagulls. ‘I am focused on Brighton,’ said the midfielder. ‘I am here, I’m playing every day. Things from outside don’t trouble me, nor does it take that focus away, because I’m focused only on here.’ The Seagulls are expected to resist any bids for the midfielder this summer but they’re realistic about keeping Caicedo in the long-term. That opens up the possibility of Caicedo leaving in the summer and the Evening Standard say the Gunners will challenge Chelsea for the midfielder. It comes after Chelsea beat Arsenal to the signing of Ukraine star Mykhailo Mudryk earlier this month, with the Blues offering Shakhtar Donestk a better financial package for the winger. Mikel Arteta is keen on signing a defensive midfielder this summer and has identified Declan Rice as his priority target. But West Ham could charge as much as £100m for the England star, which has forced the Gunners to seek alternative targets. That’s seen the Gunners take an interest in another Chelsea target Onana. The midfielder has been one of Everton’s only plus points this season and his energetic displays have attracted attention from the Gunners. Everton will not sell this month, particularly after the sacking of Frank Lampard. But, should the Toffees suffer relegation, Onana will be far easier to prise away from Goodison Park and Arsenal will then battle Chelsea for his signature. MORE : Paul Scholes tells Arsenal they need ‘two or three more’ January additions and rates Leandro Trossard signing MORE : Manchester United enter race with Chelsea to sign Lyon right-back Malo Gusto For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 