Alice Evans was seen laughing as she finally headed into court after a referral for a warrant for her arrest was issued. The actress, 54, is in the midst of a hugely bitter and public divorce from estranged husband Ioan Gruffudd, 49, with whom she shares two daughters. Evans has already been banned from mentioning her ex on social media as part of a restraining order granted to him last year, after she shared multiple posts to Instagram about him and their divorce, including screenshots purporting to be a conversation between him and his daughter. He had claimed he was inundated with messages and verbal threats from his estranged wife, and was granted a three-year Domestic Violence Restraining Order with restrictions ‘including a ruling preventing Alice from leaking private text messages from their children’. At the same time, the actors are locked in a custody battle over daughters Ella, 12, and Elsie, eight, since splitting in January 2021. Now Evans has shown up for court in LA accused of violating the restraining order, and was seen laughing as she walked into the courthouse. It came after the mother-of-two missed her arraignment last week, with neither she nor her lawyer calling to explain her absence when she was supposed to be in court at 8.30am last Thursday, according to to the Mail Online. An LA court commission then issued a referral for a warrant for her arrest, with Evans showing up to court on Monday morning. The 102 Dalmations star didn’t seem too nervous as she walked up to the building, as she was photographed letting out a couple of belly laughs walking across the car park. Dressed in a beige coat with a black scarf, leggings and trainers, Evans kept her hair in a bun and carried a brown handbag on her arm. In one snap, the actress has her hand on her chest as she lets out a laugh, while in another she faces photographers open-mouthed, as if she hadn’t realised they were there. Last September it was reported that Gruffudd and Evans had failed to reach an agreement in their ongoing custody battle. Gruffudd filed in July for joint custody of their two children and asked for visitation rights to see them. However, in papers seen by MailOnline towards the end of 2022, it was claimed the exes set a meeting for August 31 and attempted to hash out an agreement with the help of a mediator, but ‘no agreement’ was reached. Gruffudd previously claimed that Evans had been purposefully trying to cut contact between him and their children and had petitioned for their daughters to attend ‘reunification therapy’ Zoom sessions as well as in-person therapy. The actor was granted a restraining order against Evans in the wake of her online attacks against him and his girlfriend Bianca Wallace, 29. Gruffudd had claimed Evans verbally abused him during their 14-year marriage, alleging she ‘made fun of my appearance often.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ioan Gruffudd addresses scrutiny brought on by bitter divorce from Alice Evans: ‘You can’t train for that’ MORE : Ioan Gruffudd and Alice Evans fail to reach agreement in ongoing custody battle amid bitter divorce  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 