The nominations have been announced for the Oscars 2023 and Rihanna has scored her first-ever nod for ballard Lift Me Up from Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’s soundtrack. She’ll face off against Lady Gaga – who was recognised for Top Gun: Maverick’s hit Hold My Hand – and tracks Applause from Tell It Like a Woman, Naatu Naatu from RRR and This is a Life from Everything Everywhere All at Once. Noticeably missing from the list was Taylor Swift’s song Carolina, which featured in Where the Crawdads Sing. Selena Gomez was also absent from the original song nominations, despite her song My Mind & Me making the shortlist. The tune was the principal soundtrack for Gomez’s Apple TV Plus film that lifted the curtain on the actress’s last few years in the spotlight. The Oscars’ original song shortlist was announced in December, when judges whittled down 81 songs to just 15 ahead of the 95th Academy Awards. The Weeknd – who received a 2016 Original Song nom for Fifty Shades of Grey‘s Earned It – also made the shortlist with Nothing Is Lost (You Give Me Strength), a song he co-wrote and performed for Avatar: The Way of Water. On Tuesday, M3GAN actress Allison Williams and Mogul Mowgli actor Riz Ahmed served as nominations presenters, from the Samuel Goldwyn Theater. Top Gun: Maverick, Elvis, Avatar: The Way of Water and the Banshees of Inisherin were all mentioned in the top categories. It was a big moment for Paul Mescal, Bill Nighy and Colin Farrell, who earned their first Oscar nominations for best actor, thanks to their stints in Aftersun, Living and The Banshees of Inisherin. They will be battling it out against Elvis star Austin Butler and Brendan Fraser for the Whale. Ana de Armas will have all eyes on her at the upcoming ceremony, landing a best actress nomination for Blonde beside Cate Blanchett in Tar, Andrea Riseborough for To Leslie, The Fabelmans’ Michelle Williams and Michelle Yeoh in Everything Everywhere All At Once. While Tom Cruise was snubbed in the acting categories, his Top Gun: Maverick sequel has been mentioned in the best film category. It might be a tough selection as the action flick is up against All Quiet on the Western Front, James Cameron’s epic Avatar: The Way of Water, The Banshees of Inisherin, Elvis and Tar. Everything Everywhere All at Once, The Fabelmans, Triangle of Sadness and Women Talking are also in the mix for the top gong. Jimmy Kimmel will be on hand to host the awards ceremony in March and is no stranger to the stage, having already helmed proceedings in 2017 and 2018. ‘Being invited to host the Oscars for a third time is either a great honor or a trap,’ the late-night talk show presenter said of the news at the time. ‘Either way, I am grateful to the Academy for asking me so quickly after everyone good said no.’ In a chat with Extra about what viewers can expect on the night, he insisted that he wouldn’t be shying away from making jokes about last year’s event – when Will Smith stormed on stage to slap Chris Rock, in scenes that left everyone reeling. ‘It’s got to come up in some way,’ he admitted to the publication. ‘You know, I don’t want to really make light of it necessarily, because it wasn’t [funny] to comedians. ‘You know, comedians are mad about it…it’s one of those things that for a group of people that find everything funny, it’s not funny, you know?’ The 95th Academy Awards will be taking place on Sunday, March 12, in LA, with some of the biggest names in the industry piling up to walk the red carpet. MORE : When are the Oscars, who is hosting and who has been nominated? MORE : Cheryl’s 2:22 A Ghost Story run gets off to chaotic start as co-star withdraws due to illness 