Moises Caicedo has been banished from training by Brighton until the end of the transfer window following bids from both Arsenal and Chelsea. The Gunners had a £60million offer rejected out of hand on Friday, while Chelsea had previously had a £55m bid rebuffed, and both clubs were expected to return with improved offers before Tuesday’s deadline. Caicedo looked set to try and force a move, releasing a statement on social media on Friday night saying he wanted to leave, but Brighton have no intention of letting him go. Pre-empting the possibility of the 21-year-old skipping training, The Athletic are reporting that Caicedo was told to stay away from the training ground by Brighton bosses. He is not expected to play any part in the club’s FA Cup fourth round tie against Liverpool on Sunday and will not report back to training until Wednesday next week. Although Arsenal and Chelsea are both believed to be readying fresh bids to try and tempt Brighton’s hand, the south-coast club are livid with how events have played out and are absolutely adamant he will not be sold. There had been suggestions that Caicedo himself had decided to miss training to try and force a move, but the decision was taken by Brighton. Brighton are hoping Caicedo will have a change of heart about his desire to leave once the window has closed and expect him to stay and contribute for the second half of the season. Writing on social media on Friday evening, the Ecuadorian had pleaded with the club to let him leave, saying: ‘I am grateful to Mr. Bloom and Brighton for giving me the chance to come to the Premier League and I feel I have always done my best for them. I always play football with a smile and with heart. ‘I am the youngest of 10 siblings from a poor upbringing in Santa Domingo in Ecuador. My dream has always to be the most decorated player in the history of Ecuador. ‘I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful. ‘The fans have taken me into their hearts and they will always be in my heart so I hope they can understand why I want to take up this magnificent opportunity.’ A fee of £80million has been suggested as the price point at which Brighton might consider selling Caicedo, though it would likely take an even bigger bid than that to change their position now. Arsenal have lost Mohamed Elneny to injury while Thomas Partey needs to undergo a scan on a rib injury, with Mikel Arteta keen to bring in reinforcements in midfield. MORE : Moises Caicedo confirms he wants to leave Brighton amid Arsenal and Chelsea interest MORE : Roberto De Zerbi urges Moises Caicedo to stay at Brighton after Arsenal’s £60m transfer offer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 