A system failure has caused all flights in the US to be grounded. Passengers have been left stranded at airports across the globe as they await further news. Others are stuck on the tarmac after planned departures were suddenly cancelled. At 7am eastern time (noon GMT) there were more than 1,200 delayed flights within, into or out of the United States, according to the flight tracking website FlightAware. Most delays were concentrated along the US East Coast and airlines said that they are aware of the situation and beginning to suspend flights. Taylor Brasher tweeted: ‘Coming up on the three hour mark of sitting on a grounded red eye flight from @flyLAXairport, with still no publicly available update from @FAANews… love it.’ The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has confirmed that the United States Notice to Air Missions (NOTAM) system has failed. NOTAMs inform pilots them of circumstances relating to the state of flying and are needed before a plane can take-off. A spokesperson said: ‘The FAA is working to restore its Notice to Air Missions System. We are performing final validation checks and repopulating the system now. ‘While some functions are beginning to come back on line, National Airspace System operations remain limited.’ In their most recent update, the FAA ordered airlines to pause all domestic departures until 9 a.m. Eastern Time. Disgruntled travellers have taken to social media to demand answers from the FAA and airlines. Alexis Uremovich tweeted: ‘Nationwide FAA computer outage has grounded flights this morning! Here’s hoping we get to Disney!’ Alexander W. Clegg added: ‘FAA system down nationwide – all flights are grounded indefinitely. Unfortunately that includes mine’ Bettina Inclán added: ‘The pilot of my @united flight just informed us there is a nation wide outage of FAA computer systems. It’s been down since midnight and forcing a stop to all air travel. ‘Lots of stranded passengers and missed connections.’ One pilot informed his passengers that he hadn’t encountered a nationwide NOTAM failure in his 29 years of flying. A notice on the FAA website currently reads: ‘Technicians are currently working to restore the system and there is no estimate for restoration of service at this time. ‘Since then no new NOTAMS or amendments have been processed.’ The FAA has been contacted by Metro.co.uk for additional comment. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.