Nelly fans were left both confused and concerned after the rapper’s performance at Juicy Fest, which saw him make a series of bizarre eye movements. The Hot in Herre hitmaker, 48, went viral after taking to the stage in Melbourne, with the internet quickly picking up on how he blinked excessively. Nelly also rolled his eyes back into his head several times as he sang Over And Over, raising his hands in the air. Dripping in heavy silver chains – and sweat – the musician didn’t miss a beat as he sang the 2004 tune to a screaming crowd, but watching it back afterwards made many uncomfortable. One audience member shared their video of the odd performance on social media, taken from the font row, with speculation rife in the comments over why the singer could’ve been acting so strangely. ‘Awww this hurts to watch 😢 I was so in love with him growing up,’ wrote one sad fan. With countless people suggesting the star could’ve taken drugs, or been incredibly drunk, one Instagram user argued: ‘As a performer when you’re on stage the salt of the sweat probably got in his eyes.’ Other remarked that Nelly appeared to be ‘glitching’, with one stating they were ‘highly disappointed’ in the Texas-born star, whose real name is Cornell Iral Haynes Jr. ‘How disappointing, I’d want my money back’, added one. ‘Dudes eyes were rolling!! How did he remember the lyrics and keep a tune?! Respect’, commented another. Some even suggested Nelly should’ve cancelled his appearance at the festival altogether. While the entrepreneur is yet to specifically address the concerns, he did take to Instagram after the show to thank ‘all of Australia’ for showing out’ at the gig. He added that the tour had ‘been amazing’ and that he couldn’t wait ‘to finish out strong’. Clearly in good spirits, Nelly also shared a video made by TV host Anthony ‘Spice’ Adams, who recreated Nelly’s performance and mocked his mannerisms. The hip hop icon added a series of crying laughing emoji over the spoof clip after posting it to his Story. Following his appearances in Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane for Juicy Fest, the noughties star will continue the rest of his mini-tour of Aus on Friday (January 20). He’ll be joined by the likes of Ne-yo & Ja Rule, Bow Wow, Xzibit, Chingy, Pretty Ricky, Mya, Lloyd and Twista. Reps for Nelly have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Elizabeth Hurley enjoys night on the town with lookalike son Damian MORE : Lewis Capaldi stops Manchester concert as fight breaks out in crowd during Hold Me While You Wait  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 