Love Island bosses are reportedly launching a range of customised goodies within the villa, as fans countdown the days to the winter series. It looks like this year’s islanders will be living their best lives as they’ll be living it up in a luxurious £1.2million pad, complete with an Olympic training pool and 400m running track. Maya Jama – who replaced Laura Whitmore as host – will be overseeing all the drama, and fans don’t have long to wait as the programme returns on Monday January 16. According to reports, the cast of 2023 will have access to various wines, spirits, beers and soft drinks plus nuts, crisps and chocolate. What more could you ask for! The Mirror claims that lawyers have passed the application for trademarks across four different classes of food including sauces and dressings, dips, jams, soup and fish paste. News of Love Island’s official start date comes after it was announced that the latest batch of contestants will have to disable their social media accounts during the programme to protect both them and their families. For the first time, the broadcaster will ask islanders to make their accounts ‘dormant’ while they are in the villa so nothing can be published on their behalf and they avoid ‘the adverse effects of social media’. Contestants will also receive ‘guidance and training’ around ‘mutually respectful behaviour in relationships’ after the most recent series prompted thousands of complaints to broadcasting watchdog Ofcom. In a first look teaser for the new winter series, Maya promised there will be plenty in store. In the trailer, Maya is seen on a velvet bejewelled bucking bronco as she tells viewers: ‘It’s time to grab love by the horns. I am ready, are you?’ Sharing the trailer on Twitter, ITV wrote that ‘it’s about to get hotter up in 2023’. Love Island returns on Monday January 16 at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Metro.co.uk has reached out to ITV for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Maya Jama recalls being ‘young and in love’ with Stormzy while shutting down reconciliation rumours: ‘I’m really single’ MORE : Love Island ‘signs up first ever partially sighted contestant’: ‘It’s a really positive move to have more diversity on-screen’ 