Cheryl beamed from ear to ear when she made her way home on Saturday after making her West End debut. The former Girls Aloud singer spent the evening treading the boards at London’s Lyric Theatre, where she’s currently starring as Jenny in 2:22 A Ghost Story, a role previously played by Lily Allen and Laura Whitmore. Cheryl, 39, looked as stylish as ever in a baby blue coat and maroon turtleback as she was ushered out the theatre’s back entrance. The Geordie star wore her hair swept into a messy bun and couldn’t stop smiling after wrapping her first show, something the rave reviews she racked up no doubt played a part in. The doting mum will be starring in the role from January to April and her first turn as Jenny went down an absolute storm, with audience members rushing to praise Cheryl on social media. Tweeting a photo of the queue outside the theatre, one ticket holder wrote: ‘2:22 A Ghost Story was absolutely packed to the brim on opening night to see Cheryl. I had no expectations and she did a good job. Plus I did not clock the twist even after making jokes at the interval.’ Another very satisfied audience member tweeted: ‘That was electric! I got so many goosebumps! @CherylOfficial made her West End Debut and was brilliant as Jenny so were cast members Scott Karim as Sam, Louise Ford as Lauren & Ben Cutler as Ben!’ Written by Danny Robins and directed by Matthew Dunster, the show follows Jenny, who believes her new home is haunted, while her husband Sam is not having any of it. The couple argue with their first dinner guests, old friend Lauren and her new partner Ben, as belief and scepticism clash. It’s believed that Cheryl is earning a very nice £1,000 for each show, with The Sun reporting that the massive deal will see her earn £100,000 by the time the run ends in spring. She announced in December that she’d be taking on the role of Jenny, writing on Instagram at the time: ‘Hey!!! .. I am SO excited to be starring in the west end thriller @222aghoststory! ‘I will be playing the role of Jenny from January – April! I went to see the show with a previous cast and LOVED IT ! It is a totally new and exciting experience for me so if you’re looking for a fun night out & some entertainment in your new year tickets are available now….whenever you’re ready.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Masked Singer fans convinced Pigeon is comedian Katherine Ryan MORE : Cheryl’s West End debut in 2:22 A Ghost Story is a roaring success as she gets standing ovation and fans praise ‘phenomenal’ performance 