Dancing On Ice ended with a shock tonight as reality TV favourite Ekin-Su Culculoglu found herself in the dreaded skate-off. The Love Island star dazzled the judges and viewers with her sexy performance to Britney Spears’ Toxic, having been partnered up with American professional skater Brendyn Hatfield. Their routine fared pretty well with judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Christopher Dean and Jayne Torvill, who scored them at 21.5. However, it wasn’t enough to impress the majority of viewers as Ekin-Su, 28, received the fewest votes and therefore landed in the bottom two. Reacting to the news, Ekin-Su looked visibly shocked and told hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield: ‘I’m just sad but it’s fine. Keep going.’ Brendyn, 36, teased what to expect next week when they perform in the skate-off, adding: ‘Just confidence, we can add a little bit more to our skate-off and just make it the strongest version we can.’ Ekin-Su fought back tears and said: ‘I’ve been really ill as well and I know it’s not an excuse but…’ She was supported by Holly who reminded her: ‘You’re a strong girl.’ It had been a strong performance from Ekin-Su and Brendyn, who glided across the ice to one of Britney’s biggest hits. The Turkish actress had opened the set flanked by a group of male dancers while guided by Brendyn. She then delivered a memorable moment, crawling across the ice recreating the exact move she pulled on the Love Island terrace to sneak a cheeky kiss from fellow islander Jay Younger during the summer series. Sharing her thoughts on the routine, Jayne said: ‘It was a very sexy performance and you looked very comfortable out there,’ but added that she ‘wants more skating’. Ashley Banjo agreed and offered some advice, saying: That performance was like fire, that’s what I expect from you. ‘Now I want to see what you can do without holding onto Brendyn.’ Towie star Joey Essex, former EastEnders actress Patsy Palmer, ex-Liberty X singer Michelle Heaton and The Wanted star Siva Kaneswaran were among the celebrities to skate in the first week of the competition. Next week will see the rest of the stars take to the ice, including retired footballer John Fashanu, Coronation Street actress Mollie Gallagher and comedian Darren Harriott all take to the ice in the second episode. Drag queen The Vivienne, who won the first series of RuPaul’s Drag Race UK, and soap star and West End musicals performer Carley Stenson complete the line-up. Whoever receives the fewest votes from the public and leaderboard will face Ekin-Su in the skate-off. Dancing On Ice returns to ITV1 next Sunday at 6:30pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ekin-Su Culculoglu recreates iconic Love Island crawl during Dancing On Ice routine and viewers can’t handle it MORE : Michelle Heaton reveals she was meant to do Dancing On Ice a few years back but ‘wasn’t in any way fit’ due to alcoholism 