Mark Williams does not have a good record against his old rival Ronnie O’Sullivan, but he fancies his chances when the pair meet in the quarter-finals of the Masters on Thursday. It is no disgrace to have a losing record against the Rocket, but given that Williams is also one of snooker’s all-time greats, the head-to-head is surprisingly one-sided. Since their first meeting all the way back in 1994 they have played 49 times in all competitions, with O’Sullivan winning 34 of them and the Welshman just 12. Outside of the Championship League, Williams has not downed the Rocket since 2014 at the International Championship, but he has come very close. O’Sullivan’s 10-9 victory at the Tour Championship last year was a classic contest and Williams takes confidence from it even though he was narrowly beaten. The three-time world champion looks to be in fine form and knows he is playing well enough to beat the current world champ, he just has to hope that the Rocket is not at his blistering best. ‘Ronnie…I have got to beat him once, haven’t I? Surely I’m due a win against him. But the atmosphere and the occasion will be special,’ said Williams after beating Dave Gilbert 6-2 in round one. ‘I can beat him. And a few times we have played he has beaten me in deciding frames, they could have gone either way. If Ronnie is playing well and you take him 10-9 then you are doing something right. ‘I can never remember him not playing well against me, ever. Sometimes he doesn’t look that interested out there – but never against me. I just know he will play well, and that I have too. ‘It’s funny, Ronnie, he beats me a lot, I have some good wins against John Higgins, and Higgins has beaten Ronnie a few times.’ Williams has praised his coach and good friend Lee Walker for getting his game in shape and is sounding supremely confident in himself as he heads into the huge match with the world number one. ‘For a while now I’ve been playing some good stuff. Lee’s got me playing some lovely stuff, got me lined up lovely,’ he told Eurosport. ‘I think I’m going to get most things I’m going for. That’s why I go for some ridiculous shots, because if I hit the white where I want to, it’s going in.’ He added ahead of the O’Sullivan meeting: ‘I’m playing well enough to beat him. Look, I could turn up and lose 6-0 in an hour-and-a-half, no problem. ‘He could play out of his skin, but it is just nice to know I’m playing okay myself and let’s see what happens.’ Concerningly for Williams, O’Sullivan looked in fine fettle in his opening contest as he dismissed the challenge of Luca Brecel with a 6-1 win. The two legends meet at Alexandra Palace at 1pm on Thursday. MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan downplays snooker match-fixing scandal: ‘It’s not really that important’ MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan warns rivals: ‘Expect me to keep coming for more!’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 