Bruno Tonioli’s rumoured Britain’s Got Talent stint is set to bring in the big bucks. Little Britain comedian, David Walliams, 51, reportedly quit the show last year after recordings were leaked of him making disrespectful comments about auditionees at the London Palladium in 2020. It didn’t take long before rumours started to swirl over who would make the perfect judge. Chatty Man star Alan Carr was the firm favourite, and it was believed he merely had to finalise his contract to officially make him part of the BGT fam. While presenter Graham Norton turned down the opportunity, it looks like viewers could potentially see the Italian choreographer joining the panel alongside Amanda Holden, Simon Cowell and Alesha Dixon. The Sun claims Bruno has bagged a whopping £850,000 deal to star on the series. A TV insider shared: ‘He’s managed to triple his UK Strictly salary and beat off strong competition from favourite-for-the-job Alan Carr, who is friends with a lot of the cast and crew.’ While no official announcement has been made yet, former co-star Craig Revel Horwood recently shared his two cents on who would be replacing David on the annual ITV series. ‘I would love to say he is, but I believe he is up against Alan Carr as well,’ he said. ‘I think they’re juggling and they [bosses] are going to save it as a surprise, so I in fact don’t know.’ Craig continued: ‘Bruno is very secretive with me, darling, he will never be honest with me or tell me the truth, so I really don’t know, but I’d love to see Bruno back on our screens and I think it’s a great position to have, so I wish him all the very best if he is in the running for it.’ The show will definitely be in safe hands with Bruno’s judging expertise, as he appeared on the Strictly Come Dancing panel for 18 years and confirmed his departure last year. He’s also a regular judge on Dancing With The Stars in the States, having judged all 31 series. ITV declined to comment when contacted by Metro.co.uk. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan says David Walliams’s BGT insults are ‘tip of the iceberg’ MORE : BGT’s Jonathan Goodwin shares uplifting video from field in wheelchair: ‘Never assume you can’t do something’ 