Rio Ferdinand has warned Arsenal about the threat of Manchester United ahead of next weekend’s Premier League clash at the Emirates Stadium. United came from behind to beat Manchester City 2-1 in Saturday’s derby thanks to late goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford. The Red Devils have now won 21 of their 28 games under Erik ten Hag, moving one point behind Man City in the Premier League and six adrift of leaders Arsenal, who face north London rivals Tottenham tomorrow, and United next weekend. Manchester United are the only team to have beaten Arsenal this season, with Ten Hag’s side clinching a 3-1 win over the Gunners back in September. Ferdinand is hopeful United can produce a similar result in north London and says the team’s style of play will be ‘a problem’ for Arsenal. Looking ahead to the Premier League clash after the Manchester derby, Ferdinand told Vibe with Five: ‘I just think the way Manchester United play, we’re a problem for Arsenal. Today we were a problem for Man City too. ‘I think Arsenal will have most of the ball but in the transitions, United are so dangerous. Even under Ole [Gunnar Solskjaer] that was the case. ‘But even more so now because we’re more structured and harder to break down. Man City didn’t have that many chances. ‘There’s been a fragility with Manchester United in the last few seasons. Going 1-0 down against City, in past seasons you would have felt like walking out. ‘But today they didn’t panic, they remained resilient and came back really well.’ Manchester City looked set to cut Arsenal’s lead at the top of the table to just two points after Jack Grealish broke the deadlock at Old Trafford. But United equalised through a controversial Fernandes goal and Rashford then settled the affair with his eighth goal in seven games. Ferdinand added: ‘The man of the match for me was Luke Shaw. In the latter stages of the game, he was heading it away, intercepting passes, keeping calm. ‘Everyone questioned him playing at centre-back but he’s basically saying: “I’ll play anywhere for you and give you 8/10 performances every week.’ He’s been great.’ Manchester United have not won the Premier League since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013 and Ferdinand wants to see a bit more from Ten Hag’s side before labelling them as title contenders.  ‘I’m staying calm and collected,’ he said when asked if he believed United could rival Arsenal and Man City for the title. ‘We’re in the shake-up right now and Champions League football is looking much more positive for next season. ‘Let’s see where the next couple of weeks take us and maybe then we can revisit the title talk.’ Before making the journey to north London to face Arsenal, Manchester United take on Crystal Palace on Wednesday night. MORE : Erik ten Hag responds to Manchester United title talk after derby win MORE : Shakhtar troll Arsenal fans after Chelsea hijack Mykhailo Mudryk deal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 