He was dumped from the Love Island villa tonight and now Haris Namani has shared he is ‘devastated’ to learn a video of him being involved in a street fight was released in recent days. The 21-year-old TV salesman and boxer from Doncaster was sent packing alongside Anna-May Robey when Australian bombshells Aaron Waters and Jessie Wynter were given the power to send two Islanders home. Soon after he was released back into the real world, Haris found out that an old video of a street fight he had been the centre of had resurfaced. In footage obtained by The Sun, the fight showed the reality star squaring up to another reveller before exchanging blows. Haris then delivered a punch to the chest that caused the other man to lose his balance and fall to the floor. ‘I’m not a bully, I’m not a f***ing bully,’ he was heard shouting during the altercation. Now Haris has said he was ‘devastated’ to learn the video had been seen by the wider public. ‘I’m devastated that this video has been seen, it’s not a reflection of my character,’ he said in his exit interview. ‘I’m not someone that goes looking for fights and I didn’t want to be in that situation. This was a heat of the moment thing.’ He added that he had since cleared the air with the other man. ‘The video doesn’t show everything that happened,’ he said. ‘Afterwards we met up and we cleared the air. We’ve shaken hands and we get along now. ‘It’s not something that would happen again.’ It comes after his dad Mehedin insisted the clip was actually two years old and that the two men have since resolved any issue between them. ‘They’re friends, they shook hands,’ Mr Namani said. ‘This was a long time ago – it’s nothing.’ Speaking about his son, he continued: ‘He’s not a bad boy, he’s got a good record. He’s been brought up in the right way,’ he told the Daily Mail. However the footage emerged just days after several of the Love Island contestants stepped in to avoid a fight from breaking out between Haris and Shaq Muhammed. A spokesperson for the show told Metro.co.uk: ‘Language and behaviour in the Villa is always closely monitored, and islanders are reminded of what we consider acceptable during their time on the show. ‘Extensive duty of care protocols for all islanders includes video training and guidance covering language and behaviour.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for further comment. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island bombshells Ellie Spence and Spencer Wilks ready to ruffle feathers amid shock recoupling twist MORE : Love Island fans ‘bored’ by ‘jarring’ feud between Olivia Hawkins and Zara Lackenby-Brown: ‘I’m so over this’ 