Thomas Tuchel would be interested in replacing Antonio Conte as Tottenham manager should Spurs sack their under-fire manager. The German’s popularity amongst Chelsea fans remains in tact as evidenced by the away support who chanted his name during recent defeats against Manchester City and Fulham. Tuchel has been out of work since he was ruthlessly sacked by Todd Boehly in September following a series of rows with the new Chelsea owner. The 49-year-old had been linked with the England national team job while uncertainty surrounded the future of Gareth Southgate, while the likes of Everton and Aston Villa were also credited with an interest in the Champions League winning coach. Tuchel is understood to be keen on working in the Premier League again but has been biding his time and waiting for the ideal opportunity. And, according to The Evening Standard, Tuchel see Spurs as the ideal fit should an opportunity arise in the near future, despite his Chelsea allegiances Conte, who earns £15million-a-year, masterminded Spurs’ unlikely Champions League qualification last season but his team have failed to improve despite having been backed to the tune of over £100m in the summer.  The likes of Richarlison, Yves Bissouma and Clement Lenglet have made a negligible impact and Sunday’s damaging north London derby defeat only served to increase the pressure on another former Chelsea manager. Speaking ahead of tomorrow’s Premier League match at Manchester City, Conte urged members of the club’s hierarchy to step forward and outline their vision, frustrated at having to defend his own record in front of the media. He saId: ‘When asked if it would help if other senior figures from the club spoke out on issues, the Italian replied: “In England, there is a bad habit that there is only the coach to speak and to explain. ‘I have never seen the medical department come here to explain why this player is having difficulty to recover. ‘It’s the same also, I have never seen the club or sporting director come here to explain the strategy and vision of the club. In Italy for example, before every game there is a person from the club who has to go before the media and answer every question. ‘For us (managers), it could be really, really better. Because otherwise, every time there is only one face to explain a situation which I think is better for the club to explain. But this is a habit and I respect this habit. ‘In Italy, it’s different, the person from the club during the game-week speaks and explains many situations. If only the coach speaks there are sometimes misunderstandings. ‘I think it would be good to have the club present in the media and to speak. Not every week but at least every 15 days or once a month. ‘In this way it could also be more simple for the media to understand the situation. And not only have one face and always the same face. ‘Believe me it’s difficult because everything I tell you could be a criticism or negative, and this is not the truth.’ MORE : Antonio Conte questions whether Arsenal can handle the pressure in Premier League title race MORE : Antonio Conte provides Richarlison, Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur injury updates For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 