Peter Andre is ready to see daughter Princess achieve her dreams in 2023. The proud dad, 49, shares the 15-year-old, as well as Junior, 17, with ex-wife Katie Price, while he’s also a dad to daughter Amelia, eight, and son Theo, six with wife Emily. And as the new year gets underway, the Mysterious Girl hitmaker has admitted it’s about to be a ‘big year’ for his family. Revealing that Princess has applied for college, he shared his hopes that she’ll achieve good grades in her GCSE exams. Writing for his OK! column, Pete began: ‘I have my wishes, one being that my eldest daughter, Princess, will do well in her GCSEs.’ But, he’s not piling on the pressure, adding: ‘Honestly, as long as she puts in 100% for effort I don’t mind how she does and I wouldn’t be upset if she got low marks.’ Pete continued: ‘She will be going to college after her exams and she is going to be studying beauty therapy, which is brilliant. ‘I’ve already taken her for her open day so she’s getting really excited about it.’ As for eldest son Junior, the teen will continue to follow in his famous dad’s footsteps by carving out his music career. Pete revealed that Junior will release his second and third singles this year, as well as an album, promising that 2023 will be ‘a big year for him.’ Not only that, but the singer turns 18 in June, which is sure to make Pete wonder where the time has gone. ‘I’m so proud of how far both of them have come and can’t wait to see what else they achieve,’ he added sweetly. Meanwhile, younger children Millie and Theo are also making Pete and Emily proud, and he’s ‘longing to see what they achieve’ as they grow up. ‘I know Ems will continue to be a great doctor and treat people in the lovely manner she does,’ the Aussie singer added of his wife. As for himself, Pete is gearing up to hit the big 5-0 this year, but he’s heading towards his 50th with the mindset that ‘ages is just a number.’ Speaking about the ‘special birthday’ in February, he explained: ‘When I turned 40 I remember I couldn’t bear to see the 4-0 and the same feeling has come when I’ve thought about the big 5-0, but I’m going to take it in my stride.’ Assuring that he still ‘feels young’, Pete wrote: ‘I’m releasing my first feature film where I have the lead role at the age of 50. I mean how amazing is that?’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price’s ex Kris Boyson sparks rumours he’s married fiancée Elizabeth Tierney as she steps out wearing ‘Wifey’ tracksuit MORE : Glowing Chrissy Teigen gets some sun on her bare bump on family holiday before welcoming new baby 