EastEnders has come back fighting over this past year, proving once again why it’s still one of the very best shows on TV. Now that we’ve said goodbye to 2022, we not only herald in a New Year but also a new era, one without patriarch and landlord Mick Carter. We’re still not over it. The BBC One soap is on top form right now, and make no mistake, this high quality is very much set to continue as we enter 2023, with shock twists and new character-driven material on the cards for Walford’s finest. Linda Carter will embark on a whole new chapter of her life, while Zack Hudson receives a blast from the past, which leads to a shock discovery. And then there’s the ongoing Keanu Taylor saga too. That’s just for starters! If you’re excited to know all there is to know, then you’ve come to the right place, as we’re taking a look at all the drama EastEnders is set to serve up this year – and consider us VERY excited. Who is Linda Carter without Mick by her side? That’s no doubt a question that the landlady herself has been asking in the wake of her beloved soulmate’s tragic disappearance. It’s also a question we’re going to find out the answer to, as EastEnders embarks on an exciting new chapter for the matriarch, that will see her front and centre where she belongs. ‘I’m delighted that Kellie Bright is staying in Albert Square,’ producer Chris Clenshaw told Metro.co.uk. ‘Over the years she’s cemented herself as a modern day matriarch and we have big plans ahead for her. We’re VERY intrigued. What exactly the future holds for Linda remains to be seen, but the character will be forced to navigate life without Mick, and things certainly get off to a bleak start for her, as she’s consumed by grief. Can she rebuild her life and create a new one? Ollie and Annie are in desperate need of their mum, that’s for sure, but will her children prove to be what it takes to get her through this difficult period of her life? ‘I do know a little bit about what’s in store for Linda but I can’t tell anyone!,’ said Kellie. ‘I’ve only just found out myself and I’m excited about it which is really good because there was definitely a moment after Danny left when I was, “Oh God, it’s so weird here now”. ‘It’s so weird being one half of something, almost. It’s that feeling. Linda is a tough cookie. I’ve always said she’s Barbie with a core of iron, a core of steel. ‘She’ll definitely find her way through this and also she’s a mother to Ollie and Annie and I think that will drive her forward. I am quite excited about what is going to happen next. I know I’m part of something that’s going to be quite big and I’m excited about that.’ A shocking discovery throws Zack into a tailspin when he’s confronted by a face from his past. The dad-to-be is blown away by the shock arrival of an old acquaintance, named Brett. Brett’s presence rattles him something serious, causing him to spiral out of control, as he warns sister Sharon against employing his former friend. A huge bombshell from Brett, however, changes everything, turning the bartender’s life upside down. Jack and Denise’s marriage will be pushed to breaking point by Amy’s heartbreaking situation, as the couple struggle to see eye-to-eye in respect of how to cope with their daughter’s self-harming. The couple are, once more, at odds with one another, and this only intensifies as the weeks progress. Denise, meanwhile, will find herself with an admirer, as someone sets their sights on her. ‘Watch out for Jack and Denise,’ teased boss Chris. ‘Their relationship is going to be tested. ‘Someone else is going ‘weak at Denise’ but the question is whether she will resist or whether she’ll be tempted.’ The person in question is none other than Ravi, who bonds with Denise in upcoming scenes over the perils of parenting. He lends her a shoulder to cry on, and one thing leads to another, as Ravi goes in for a kiss. But just how will Denise respond? Martin and Stacey will find themselves in each other’s orbit once more, following the revelation that Lily is pregnant and, according to Chris, it will allow actors Lacey Turner and James Bye the opportunity to ‘shine’. Stacey is currently trying to deal with the aftermath of Lily’s shocking news, and the child has so far remained silent on who the father is. Stacey has yet to tell Martin the truth; but when she does, will he feel betrayed that he was left out of the loop for so long? And can they come together to support Lily when she needs them the most? Lola Pearce was completely blown away when Jay got down on one knee and popped the question on Christmas Day, but despite her initially turning him down, the hairdresser ultimately said yes! The couple are determined to make as much of the time they’ve got, after Lola was diagnosed with a brain tumour last year, and thus they start to organise their wedding in upcoming scenes. But will everything go to plan? This is Walford we’re talking about, so the answer to that question is likely no! Lola is set to receive a huge shock when her estranged mum Emma Harding arrives in the Square this year. Emma has never been seen on-screen before, though it’s known that she left Lola behind when she was just three years old. How will Lola react to her mother walking back into her life now that her own future is so uncertain? Keanu’s return left viewers stunned, as did the twist that he was in cahoots with archenemy Phil Mitchell in a bid to take down DCI Keeble. But with things having taken quite the turn over the festive period, will Phil allow him to live in the Square and get to know his son? Or will the hard-man revert to type and try and dispose of his former love rival? What about Sharon? Will she be able to resist temptation? Or will sparks fly once more for she and Keanu? In the wake of a shocking Keeble showdown, where will everyone be left as the ramifications are felt far and wide? Kat has found herself conflicted between the two men in her life. Despite evidently being head over heels in love with soulmate Alfie, however, she has resolved to wed Phil. The question is: will she follow through with her plans? Or will the trip down memory lane over the festive season remind her that Alfie is – and always has been – her soulmate? If so, just how will Phil react? We imagine he won’t take too kindly too rejection, and given everything he went through with Keanu and Sharon, it’s likely that revenge would be on the cards. Suki is holding a torch for Eve, who she embarked on a secret relationship with last year, before husband Nish returned to the Square. The matriarch, however, ended the romance, knowing full well that her husband  is capable of murder, and she wasn’t willing to gamble with the life of the woman she loves. But despite Suki’s demands to stay away, Eve has managed to talk her way into good favour with Nish as a way of keeping her eye on her loved one. Will they be able to resist temptation? Or will true love prevail in the end? EastEnders airs Mondays to Thursdays at 7:30pm on BBC One. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : Neighbours saved and will return to screens with new episodes on Amazon Freevee - here's when MORE : Danny Dyer questioned if he’d made the right choice leaving EastEnders as Mick Carter