It’s been claimed that Bridgerton season 3 filming was delayed as a result of the screenwriter not being ‘happy’ with the story’s direction amid a ‘very dark’ plotline. However, Metro.co.uk understands this report is untrue. It’s safe to say that the Netflix series has been a global phenomenon since its debut in 2020, returning to add sizzle to our screens once more with the premiere of its second season in 2022. The third outing will follow the love story of Penelope Featherington – aka Lady Whistledown (Nicola Coughlan) – and Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton), the third eldest child in his family. It was alleged that a certain storyline needed alterations, with executive producer Shonda Rhimes ‘not happy’ with ‘some elements’ of the season. ‘Filming has been delayed due to the screenwriter not being happy with the direction of it,’ a source told The Mail on Sunday. ‘We have been told that it needs the fun back so there are changes, which of course means delays. One thing is for sure though, the production team want to get it right for Bridgerton fans so they enjoy it as much as they have in the past.’ The source added that ‘there are some elements that Shonda is just not happy with so wants to change them’, explaining that ‘some of it got very dark’. According to the publication, it was understood that there were concerns over a sex storyline. In October 2022, Bridgerton star Adjoa Andoh teased what fans can expect from season three, after viewers noted that there were fewer steamy sex scenes in the second outing than they expected. Speaking to Metro.co.uk at the Pride of Britain Awards, the Lady Danbury actor said: ‘It’s season three so there will be lots of things you’re familiar with.’ She continued: ‘There will be the next Bridgerton child, in this case Colin, and we’ll find out what his romantic outworkings are, there’ll be a bit of How’s Your Father, no doubt, there’ll be some lovely frocks, there’ll be some lovely locations. ‘I will have some trouble that comes at me in surprising ways, and it’ll be more of the same, but with surprises. It’s got extra glam to it this season, I would say.’ Adjoa also hinted at how the new episodes will shake things up and change the status quo, stating: ‘Some of the structures that we’ve got for the storytelling we’ve got this season are slightly different and slightly new and that’s refreshing.’ Bridgerton is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bridgerton’s Simone Ashley soft-launches mystery ‘snowman’ during winter holiday in mountains MORE : Bridgerton’s Adjoa Andoh on raising a transgender child and hitting back at anti-trans trolls: ‘Hold your peace until you know of what you speak’ 