Jurgen Klopp admits he feels sympathy for Frank Lampard but is confident the now former Everton manager still has a future as a top level coach. The Chelsea legend masterminded the Toffees successful fight to preserve their top flight status last season after succeeding Rafa Benitez 12 months ago. Lampard was unable to build on that momentum, however with the summer sale of Richarlison and Dominic Calvert-Lewin’s ongoing fitness problems undermining his chances of avoiding another relegation battle. The 44-year-old was sacked on Monday, less than 48 hours on from a 2-0 defeat at another of his former clubs, West Ham, which left Everton joint bottom of the Premier League table with 15 points from 19 games. ‘That’s the business,’ said a rueful Klopp, speaking ahead of Liverpool’s FA Cup fourth round tie against Brighton. ‘Last year was not easy but he did well. Lost Richarlison and Calvert-Lewin, we know how injuries can impact the season in decisive positions. We in the job have to accept that. He’ll be back, he’s a young coach.’ Klopp, himself, come under unfamiliar pressure in recent weeks with Liverpool failing to hit the standards they have set in recent years. The Reds were trashed 3-0 by Brighton on their last visit to the south coast a fortnight ago, a performance Klopp described as the worst of his entire tenure. ‘Still the worst game I have ever seen of a team of mine, that’s still the same thank god as we have played a few games since then,’ said Klopp when asked to reflect on that display. ‘We did really well in moments and spells of the games. The first half against Chelsea we were very disciplined and we didn’t give them a lot. ‘We have to do that again against Brighton, of course.’ Asked to expand on what his side will do differently this time around, Klopp added: “Everything. I think we have showed we really want to go through. ‘We always want to get better and that is what we will do. Brighton are in a really good moment.’ MORE : Stefan Bajcetic hails influence of Thiago Alcantara and James Milner as he signs new Liverpool contract MORE : Jurgen Klopp questions Chelsea’s transfer splurge and fires warning over Liverpool rebuild For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 