The year is 2023, and Miffy really is THAT girl. The Dutch cartoon character has been blowing up on TikTok for a while now. Everything Miffy, from lamps to mugs to plushies, seems to be a big deal, with videos about Miffy hauls getting tens if not hundreds of thousands of likes on the social media platform. It brings Hello Kitty firmly to mind. The adorable cat became stratospherically popular from the 90s all the way up to now. Now, the Miffy bunny has been incorporated into designer collections from the likes of Mulberry and Tommy Hilfiger. Could the rabbit be the next children’s character to dominate the fashion world across generations? Kirsty Keoghan, Global GM of Fashion at eBay UK, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘We’re seeing customers coming to us after missing out on getting their hands on Miffy collabs the first time round.’ She adds that, this week alone, the platform saw a 170% rise in searches for ‘Miffy Mulberry’. SilkFred’s Head Stylist, Megan Watkins, says the whole thing could also have a lot to do with Lunar New Year, but as such, Miss Miffy’s current level of popularity won’t last. ‘[The Lunar New Year has] become a key period for luxury fashion brands,’ she explains, ‘with the likes of Gucci and Prada creating collections and marketing campaigns centred around the tradition to help boost their sales in China. ‘The region is due to become the biggest luxury market by 2025, and 2023 is the year of the rabbit according to the Chinese calendar. So the likes of Tommy Hilfiger and Mulberry have taken the opportunity to incorporate a globally recognised rabbit into their campaigns.’ Indeed, the Tommy Hilfiger website has a Miffy page that reads: ‘Celebrate the year of the rabbit in style.’ ‘The designer backing and widespread promotions may certainly catapult Miffy into a newfound fame in 2023,’ says Megan, ‘particularly across East Asian markets. ‘But it’s likely these campaigns will be the peak.’ Celeb stylist Lauren Glazer agrees that the year of the rabbit has a part to play here. ‘Miffy is giving main character energy,’ she says. ‘Miffy is a cartoon one associates with being jolly and free-spirited. She’s also fairly simple looking so is relatable to everyone, bringing the audience comfort, which is why brands collaborate with her.’ Lauren also points out that Chinti and Parker have a Miffy collection out too. When it comes to Miss Kitty White, she adds: ‘Hello Kitty and Adidas collab trainers are currently being sold on Asos, and I’m sure will be seeing that again this year. But 2023 is the year of the rabbit, after all. ‘Miffy was ultimately the real OG – created in 1955. Hello Kitty debuted in 1974 and will always be a friend to all, but maybe 2023 is Miffy’s time to shine.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : It’s 2023 and shoelaces are dead. Here’s what you’ll be wearing instead MORE : The future of fashion: Experts predict sci-fi looks will be big in 2023 MORE : Talk about Modern Love: 80s glam weddings are going to be big in 2023