According to the art of Chinese face reading, full cheeks are a mark of good luck, signalling wealth and prosperity. Looking at the current crop of stars alleged to have had buccal fat removal, however, it’s difficult to prove the theory. We’ve seen a number of trends in facial aesthetics in recent years, from fillers to plump lips and threadlifts to create the ‘fox eye’ look. And now, buccal fat removal, where the fleshy pad that creates a rounder face is taken out for a more sculpted silhouette, is the latest procedure to get people talking. A recent selfie posted by Glee star Lea Michele sparked rumours she’d undergone ‘chubby cheek’ treatment, while Twitter users speculated others – including Bella Hadid, Miley Cyrus and Zoe Kravitz – had done the same. Gossip aside, model Chrissy Teigen is one of the few celebrities to own up to buccal fat removal, saying she has ‘no regrets’ at changing her face shape. Although the cosmetic procedure has been available for decades, demand has skyrocketed in recent years, with New York surgeon Dr Andrew Jacono saying: ‘I’m doing three times as many buccal fat reductions this year than I was five years ago.’ But critics claim it can leave people looking older than their years, and some have mocked the super-sculpted look, comparing results to Spongebob’s much-memed Handsome Squidward character. So what’s the truth? Is it a simple tweakment that helps define your features or a potentially damaging decision that shouldn’t be taken lightly? The relatively quick procedure involves the buccal fat pad, which sits just below the cheekbone and is about the size of a grape, being removed to give the face a more hollowed-out appearance. Remember that old trick to seem photogenic where we’d bite the inside of our cheeks whenever a camera came near? The results are like that, except permanent. Harley Street surgeon Dr Aoife Turner tells Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s done from an intraoral approach, meaning the buccal fat pad is accessed from inside the mouth. ‘It’s a procedure that is done in local anaesthetic, requiring you have an injection on the inside of your mouth on each side. The entire process is quite quick – usually between 15-30 minutes – and feels very similar to being at the dentist.’ She’s seen a ‘noticeable increase’ in clients looking for buccal fat removal recently – typically those who feel they have ‘chipmunk cheeks’ and want a change. Buccal fat removal can cost anywhere between £2,000 and £5,000 in the UK, with the price varying between clinics. It’s also permanent, so although you can have filler or grafts to reverse effects, you should consider your new look a ‘forever’ thing. Like any cosmetic work, there are benefits and drawbacks to buccal fat removal. Alongside potential complications of going under anaesthetic and the knife, those thinking about the procedure should consider whether it’s right for them – and choose their practitioner wisely. While Dr Aoife says the results are typically subtle, she warns against taking things too far. ‘Overaggressive buccal fat pad removal can, as you age, accelerate the appearance of some signs of ageing on the face,’ she says. ‘The key to avoiding this negative effect overtime is to avoid overresection.’ Explaining further, Dr Aoife adds: ‘The buccal fat pad has a complex anatomy with three main bodies which extend up into the temporal region of your face. ‘If too much is taken out, as you age you could for example develop a slightly hollow look in the temple region. However this is usually easy to avoid by applying certain surgical techniques.’ In fact, when a surgeon enters the buccal fat pad space, the ‘right’ amount of fat should gently prolapse out. When they feel any resistance, they stop, and voila – your new slimline face shape is achieved. If you’re seriously looking into having it done, ensure your practitioner is accredited by The British Association of Aesthetic Surgeons, check reviews, and always have a consultation beforehand. Talk extensively about the results you want (and those you don’t) to avoid any nasty surprises down the line. For those who’ve been considering buccal fat removal given its explosion in popularity, the same rules of undergoing any aesthetic treatment should apply. Nobody except you can decide what happens with your body, but remember that trends come and go. Changing yourself to fit in with the latest celeb look is a never-ending pursuit, and one that could have ramifications for your health and self-esteem going forward. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Hotels in Turkey offer three-month all inclusive packages for just £19 per day MORE : Why going ‘damp’ could be the change you need for 2023 – from the people who’ve done it