Rupert Grint has spoken candidly about the loss of his Harry Potter co-stars. The Ron Weasley actor shared a heartfelt tribute to Robbie Coltrane following his death in October and was just 13 when Richard Harris – who played Dumbledore in the first two movies – died. Grint was also close to Alan Rickman, who played Snape and died of cancer in 2016. However, the 34-year-old dad-of-one revealed this week that despite hailing Coltrane ‘the most wonderful being’, he didn’t attend his funeral last year. When asked whether he went to his late co-star’s funeral in a new interview, Grint – who is currently starring in M Night Shyamalan’s Knock at the Cabin – replied ‘no’. He added: ‘I don’t claim to know him outside work.’ After Coltrane’s passing last year, Grint penned a heartfelt tribute to the actor on Instagram, calling him: ‘A giant-hearted man who was still looking out for us, decades later.’ Speaking to GQ Hype this week, Grint also spoke candidly about Harris’ passing in 2002, saying it was ‘hard to contemplate’. ‘I was 13, in a hotel promoting the second movie, when I was told [about Harris’ death],’ said Grint. ‘It was a hard thing to contemplate.’ The star also described his late colleagues as ‘family’, saying: ‘Not parents, but uncles or grandparents. They all had this kind of subconscious presence in my life.’ Elsewhere in the interview, Grint adorably revealed that he’d bought Wednesday, his and his partner Georgia Groome’s two-year-old daughter, her very own pair of Hogwarts robes. ‘Gryffindor, obviously,’ the doting dad noted. Earlier this month, Grint revealed his daughter is such an avid fan of Target he recreated the US discount store for her. Appearing on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, the Driving Lessons star explained he was currently living in the UK, after a stint in the US, saying his first-born child was ‘struggling’ to adjust to the change. Grint explained she had ‘spent most of her time’ in America, so she was missing home comforts, among them Hogies and, er, Target. Asked about Wednesday’s favourite things, he told the 48-year-old host: ‘So many things. I mean she’s kind of princess crazy as well but she’s struggling a little bit with kind of adjusting to UK life. ‘She meant she spent most of her time in America so she’s missing some kind of cultural things,’ he continued, adding: ‘She does love Philly. She loves Hoagies. She loves water rides. ‘The big one is Target,’ Grint confessed, to the laughter and applause of the studio audience. He added: ‘She likes going to different Targets and kind of seeing how the layout is slightly different. And sometimes she doesn’t buy anything, she just wants to kind of browse.’ Fallon then revealed Wednesday was ‘so into’ Target that her dad had built her a set, complete with mini-check out, with Grint joking he had ‘captured the essence’ of the store. Read the full feature online at GQ Hype now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Coronation Street opens visitors centre as part of show tour MORE : Kate Hudson recalls ‘weird’, ’emotional’ moment watching Sir Paul McCartney at Glastonbury that inspired her music career  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 