NHS staff working at a Buckinghamshire hospital have been left angry after being told to pay back their Christmas bonuses amid the cost of living crisis. Some workers at Milton Keynes University Hospital were told they could get a one-off payment of up to £300 if they worked extra night shifts, which were proving difficult to fill. They had to take on five to 10 shifts between the date the scheme was launched and December. After being given the extra cash to enjoy the festive season, they were informed on Christmas Eve that some staff who were not eligible for the bonus were incorrectly told that they were. The bonus was taxable – meaning some people only got £60 when they were anticipating £150, BuckinghamshireLive reports. To add insult to injury, they have allegedly been told to pay back the full £150. The error is thought to have impacted ’a small number’, but furious staff have complained to the Milton Keynes University Hospital Trust. Officials have apologised over the unfortunate series of events, and said they are working to minimise financial impact. Kate Jarman, director of corporate affairs, said on Twitter: ‘We’ve made a bit of a mess of an additional shift payment that’s affected a small number of people’s pay @mkhospital – if you’re affected you’ll already know. So so sorry this has happened. ‘We are unpicking exactly how it did but it’s really upset and angered those affected completely understandably. ‘Again, I am really sorry. It shouldn’t have happened. There’s a little bit more info in today’s weekly message but we are still trying to understand what happened and why. More info to come but just wanted to acknowledge it and apologise.’ Joe Harrison, the CEO of Milton Keynes University Hospital NHS Trust, also took to Twitter to apologise, saying the scheme would be made easier to use and administrate. The hospital trust spent £3.7 million on employing agency nurses last year. It comes as patients across the country are forced to wait days for beds. A Milton Keynes University Hospital spokesperson said: ‘A small number of staff were informed that they may have received an additional payment in error as soon as the error was identified (immediately after the December payday). ‘We know this has been upsetting for those staff who have been told they may be affected and are very sorry this has happened. ‘We will remain in contact with those affected and will work to minimise any financial impact.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.