Mercury is set to align with Mars at an awkward angle and may push feelings of doubt for some star signs. Aries, your fears could get the better of you and your emotions could lead you astray if you allow them to. You may need to be a bit more pragmatic and look at the facts as this could boost your confidence and allow for success. Elsewhere, for Taurus, an opportunity that might have been passed up on before presents itself to you again – but could what else is offered along with it help change your mind? There might be some doubts about whether it will come off or not. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 17, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 This isn’t the time to hesitate, even if you do have doubts about your course of action. These may not be based on information as much as on shadowy fears. As Mercury makes an awkward aspect with Mars, your emotions could lead you astray unless you override them. Look at the facts, as this will boost confidence and give hope that whatever the situation, you can succeed. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 An opportunity that you thought was lost for good could come your way again, only this time the offer may be even better. With Mercury and Mars making an awkward angle, there might be some doubts about whether it will come off or not. Keep the faith Taurus, and do whatever is necessary to show your interest and get the ball rolling. In a while, it may be very good news. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You seem to enjoy being around other people, with the coming weeks encouraging you to connect with those who you feel at home with. If there have been issues with a friend or group, the current star map suggests such matters will be forgotten. Need to make a decision concerning finances or business affairs? Don’t hesitate for too long Gemini, as you could miss out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With the Moon in Scorpio angling towards Neptune, your mind may be on faraway places and opportunities that can seem a little out of reach. Are they though? A positive fount of energy encourages you to take a leap of faith and to be bold about going after a dream of yours. Don’t let a fear of failure stop you, as once you get going, you’ll realize how perfect this is for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Are you perplexed by someone, Leo? If what they say and what they do don’t match up, you may wonder about their motives. With Mercury in Capricorn linking to Mars in Gemini, your thoughts about this person could take on a life of their own, and have you imagining all kinds of things. You might find that reaching out and talking to them resolves this matter very easily. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Your instincts about a situation are worth paying attention to, especially if someone is giving you confusing advice. With an edgy Mercury/Mars aspect at a peak, this person could persuade you to go against your better judgement. If something is important to you Virgo, then don’t let other people put you off. You likely know what you want, and if this makes you happy, go ahead! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If a special opportunity shows up for you, then don’t immediately dismiss it. With feisty Mars continuing its journey through your sector of new opportunities, saying yes could be so good for you. Even if this is a totally new area for you, it’s worth taking the risk and moving out of your comfort zone, Libra. You’ll need to learn skills and get your bearings, but you’ll easily cope. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 If there’s something that you want, it’s no good pretending you don’t care. With dynamic Mars continuing in your sector of desire, you could try talking yourself out of it, but your need will persist. Mercury’s edgy angle hints that no matter what excuses you make, you’ll realize that unless you do something about this, you’ll be antsy and edgy until it is yours, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You may resent it if someone seems to be asking too many questions, and be inclined to give away as little as possible. But as Mercury angles towards Mars, they might be inquiring because they want to help you out. With the planet of talk and thought at its slowest prior to turning direct this week, you can be unusually quiet. Even so, be open to good things happening. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Crossed wires are possible Capricorn, especially if you’re discussing something that needs attention to detail. Over coming days, it helps to clarify things so that you can power ahead and make your mark. Concerning family matters, you could be the one to instil confidence in a tricky situation. Your ability to take things in your stride, means you’ll easily make light work of it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You are reaching a creative peak, so get ready to showcase your unique skills in new ways. If you have a special talent, then don’t stifle it, make sure everyone knows about it. If you have to spend a little on ways to advertise yourself, then go for it! Wondering about a budding romance? If you’ve felt let down recently, things should soon start to pick up as Mars gets back on track. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Although you may have a lot of fascinating projects on the go and a keen interest in various others, the presence of key planets in a quiet sector encourages you to make time for yourself. The reason for doing so, is that you might have a chance to connect with those deeper currents of energy, and to be infused by creative ideas and insights that could add sparkle to your plans. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 16, 2023 MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 15 to January 21 MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 14, 2023