Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott have reportedly called time on their relationship but remain ‘great friends and co-parents.’ The make-up mogul, 25, and the rapper, 31, began dating after they hung out together at Coachella in 2017. The following year, after concealing her pregnancy from the public, the lip kit queen revealed she had given birth to her first child, daughter Stormi, now four. After some iconic red carpet appearances, including at the Met Gala, the couple split in 2019, staying on great terms, but rekindled their romance during the Covid pandemic. Last year, the pair went on to welcome their second child Wolf, 11 months, in February, whose name they confusingly decided to change, but kept secret, only to reveal it was still, er, Wolf. However, according to reports Kylie and the Sicko Mode performer have broken up after recently spending Christmas apart. A source told Us Weekly: ‘Kylie and Travis are off again, they weresupposed to spend the holidays together, but she went to Aspen to bewith her family and friends up there.” ‘This has happened so many times before, they’re known to be on again off again, but always remain friends and great co-parents.’ The reported split comes a couple of months after the pair were rocked by cheating allegations, following claims Travis was involved with Instagram model Rojean Kar. However, he hit back at the comment on social media and begged fans to end their ‘fictional storytelling’. He said: ‘I’m saying this for the last time. I don’t know this person. I’ve never been with this person.’ Among the last public images of Kylie and Travis together were for Kris Jenner’s 67th birthday bash. Kylie, along with her famous sisters Kendall Jenner and Khloe, Kim and Kourtney Kardashian, dressed up as the famous matriarch to dance the night away with Kris’ favourite vodka martini, presumably. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Kylie and Travis. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kylie Jenner offers fans peek inside messy bathroom after daughter Stormi leaves colourful ‘surprise’ MORE : Kylie Jenner shares precious new photos of son Wolf after finally confirming his name  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 