Fans of Lisa Marie Presley have been paying tribute to the late star with flowers and signs, following her death aged 54. Presley – the only daughter of rock and roll singer Elvis Presley – was rushed to hospital earlier this week in cardiac arrest. Later on, her mother, Priscilla, confirmed the heartbreaking news that she had died, with it since being revealed that she suffered a second cardiac arrest and was pronounced brain dead after her admission to Los Angeles hospital. It has also been shared that Presley will be buried at her birthplace, Graceland, next to her son Benjamin Keough, who died by suicide in 2020 at the age of 27. Her resting place is a mansion on a 13.8-acre estate in Memphis, Tennessee, which was once owned by her famous father, before she inherited it when he died. She was just nine at the time. Now, the sprawling estate will be split between Presley’s 14-year-old twins Harper Vivienne and Finley, and her actress daughter Riley Keough. Showing up outside Graceland to pay their respects, fans laid countless bouquets of flowers. They also used chalk and marker pens to write personalised messages on the paving flags and wall outside, weaving their own posters and banners into the railings. ‘RIP Lisa Marie, kiss your daddy for me,’ one read. ‘For Lisa Marie on behalf of Elvis fans worldwide. You will be missed,’ read the card next to a bunch of flowers. Mourners also lay out balloons and photos of Presley throughout her life, including baby snaps with her Jailhouse Rock hitmaker father. Sharing the ‘devastating’ news of the American star’s death this week, heartbroken mother Priscilla said in a statement: ‘It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. ‘She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known.’ Several high-profile stars have shared heartfelt messages since the news broke, with Elvis actor Austin Butler sharing a tribute with Variety. He said in a statement: ‘My heart is completely shattered for Riley, Finley, Harper and Priscilla at the tragic and unexpected loss of Lisa Marie. The 31-year-old actor continued: ‘I am eternally grateful for the time I was lucky enough to be near her bright light and will forever cherish the quiet moments we shared. Her warmth, her love and her authenticity will always be remembered.’ Baz Luhrmann, who directed the award-winning biopic, also shared his grief. He wrote: ‘Over the last year, the entire Elvis movie family and I have felt the privilege of Lisa Marie’s kind embrace. ‘Her sudden, shocking loss has devastated people all around the world. I know her fans everywhere join me in sharing prayers of love and support with her mother, Priscilla, and her wonderful daughters Riley, Finley and Harper.’ Luhrmann concluded: ‘Lisa Marie, we will miss your warmth, your smile, your love.’ His emotional tribute comes just days after he attended the Golden Globes alongside Presley and the Elvis movie team, where Presley is said to have looked ‘unsteady’ on her feet. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dolly Parton shares heart-wrenching tribute after Lisa Marie Presley’s death: ‘Elvis, you must be happy to have her back with you’ MORE : Michael Jackson’s sister La Toya Jackson pays tribute to his ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley: ‘Thank you for being so honest’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 