Lauren Goodger has opened up about the brutal impact of her baby daughter’s death, and how it affected her own health. The former Towie star’s second child, Lorena, died shortly after birth in July due to complications, leaving Lauren devastated. Adding to her traumatic year, Lauren was assaulted on the day of her baby’s funeral. The star’s ex-boyfriend Jake McLean was later killed in a car crash while on a Turkish holiday. Speaking out in an interview for one of the first times since Lorena’s death, the reality TV icon, 36, has said she stopped eating in the aftermath due to stress. Lauren said: ‘I lost nearly three stone after I lost Lorena because of the stress. I didn’t eat. ‘I’m now eating again and I’ve put a stone back on because I’m being more healthy.’ She added to OK!: ‘I stayed indoors and I didn’t go out, and now I feel I’m in a better place mentally. This year is about focusing on me and getting back on track.’ After removing herself from the limelight for several months, the influencer is slowly but surely returning to public life, recently putting on a brave face at The Inspiration Awards in London. ‘I’ve turned a lot of things down, but I feel like I had to attend this one,’ she said of her attendance at the event. Adding that she was ‘grateful’ to be there, she admitted to feeling ‘nervous’ at the time. ‘I feel like I’ve been through a hell of a lot and I feel like it was the right one for me to go to. I’ve been asked to do a lot of things, I’m coming back slowly. Lauren has credited her first daughter Larose – whom she shares with off and on boyfriend Charles Drury, 24 – for helping her through her grief. Hailing her one-year-old an ‘inspiration,’ Lauren previously told OK! said: ‘She’s the best. She’s the cheekiest little girl you will come across. ‘She’s already an intelligent and independent woman. She makes me so proud every single day. She’s unbelievable. She’s my rock.’ The former Dancing On Ice star confessed that she wouldn’t ‘survive’ without her daughter.’ ‘After everything I went through, Larose is definitely my inspiration. She inspires me and she’s kept me going through the hardest times. Without her, I wouldn’t survive.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson stresses thumb is ‘sewn back on again’ after gruesome Clarkson’s Farm accident MORE : Dame Olivia Newton-John’s widower John Easterling delivers heartfelt tribute at gala, five months after ‘courageous’ star’s death 