Eamonn Holmes revealed that he fell down 18 stairs while he was recovering from back surgery during his highly-anticipated return to GB News. Last September, the 63-year-old broadcaster announced that he would be taking time off from hosting his usual breakfast slot alongside Isabel Webster so that he could recover from a medical procedure. He underwent the operation in hopes that it would allow him to live life without constant pain, having been open with his followers on social media about his chronic health struggles. During Monday’s installment, Eamonn delighted viewers with his return where one asked what was wrong with the host. ‘Well basically, I can’t walk,’ he chuckled. Gesturing to the upper half of his body, he added: ‘Everything up here works, but it’s the legs.’ ‘[The operation] has set me back and made me fall down stairs. My leg gave way and I fell down 18 stairs.’ In an attempt to make her co-host laugh, Isabel quipped: ‘Shouldn’t have been climbing the stairs though should you at that point?’ Eamonn fired back: ‘What am I supposed to do? How do you get to bed? So I fell down the spiral staircase, smashed my right shoulder, and the first thing you did was lean on my shoulder.’ Prior to his GB News return, the former journalist opened up about his mobility issues while reporting on the Queen’s funeral, sharing a photo of himself in a golf cart as he told his followers: ‘Getting around and organising the Media area at Buckingham Palace is a massive operation. especially if like me u r having mobility issues. So really appreciated the ride. #TheQueen #thequeensfuneral.’ Towards the end of 2021, Eamonn admitted his health woes have had an impact on his family as they help him with everyday tasks. He told The Sun: ‘I don’t walk — it’s more of a wobble. It has been very difficult this year. My problem is a trapped sciatic nerve, but I don’t even know quite how it initially happened. ‘For months now I haven’t been able to walk, sometimes at all, and it has really taken its toll on everyone around me too. I can’t bend down to pick things up so Ruth ends up having to wait on me, and I know my sons particularly are a bit embarrassed by the way I move around.’ Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eamonn Holmes opens up on being a victim of ID theft during GB News return: ‘It isn’t a victimless crime’ MORE : Eamonn Holmes ‘on track’ to return to GB News soon after undergoing back surgery 