This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Sprucing up your bedroom for 2023? According to the experts, we’ll be going for warm brown tones over grey, looking to make our spaces spa-like, and installing wood panelling for a Regency feel. Given the cost of living crisis is in full swing, many of us are also tightening our belts, which means our grand plans for decorating need to be budget-friendly as well as stylish. TikToker Lilit Yousefian regularly shares her interiors finds, showing it’s possible to modernise your home without breaking the bank. In one video, the LA-based creator revealed her favourite Amazon bedroom buys, comparing pictures of what she bought to how she styled them. Followers loved her minimalist style and many were amazed at how luxurious the room looked – especially for the price. ‘Your room is everything,’ said one fan, while another added: ‘I want it all.’ It’s safe to say her buys were a hit, so if you want to recreate the neutral, bougie on a budget look, here are all the items Lilit mentioned that you can get here in the UK. As well as looking great, this alarm clock wirelessly charges your phone and automatically adjusts light to help you sleep better. Using sound activation, the LED display will light up with a clap, plus you can set up to three different alarms to suit your work schedule. Buy for £33.95 on Amazon. Of the products included in Lilit’s video, one of the most loved was this cosy fleece blanket that sits at the end of the bed. She went for the beige shade, but it’s available in 17 different colours. A range of sizes are also available. Buy for £22.49 (for the 60x80in size) at Amazon. To carry on the striped soft furnishings theme, these cushion covers are recommended by Lilit and over 2,000 customers who rated them five stars. Reviewers praised the soft yet durable material, which is fade and stain resistant and safe for your washing machine. Buy two for £12.99 at Amazon. Pampas grass is a great way to jazz up a bedroom – particularly since they don’t require watering and feeding like houseplants. Pop these artificial stems in a statement vase and you’ve got an instant focal point. You can also choose between 14 different colours to compliment your home’s aesthetic. Buy for £29.99 at Amazon. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Where to shop if you’re looking for second-hand ski wear MORE : Transform your home into the Love Island villa with these bright and bold homeware picks