The Traitors was a gripping watch from start to finish, with the BBC series filled with backstabbing, brewing plots and tantalising drama. However, one of the undeniable stars of the show was Claudia Winkleman’s absolutely impeccable wardrobe, which viewers were also obsessed with from the get-go. From her massively oversized jumper that drew parallels with Lenny Kravitz’s famous gargantuan scarf, to her military-ready trench coat, the Strictly Come Dancing presenter came ready to rock a runway. In a new interview, she revealed the celebrities who provided the inspiration for her clothing choices, and the names might come as a surprise. The 50-year-old explained that she works with a ‘brilliant stylist’ called Sinead McKeefry, with who they decide who she’s ‘going to look like’. For example, on the 2022 series of Strictly, Claudia paid homage to the King of Rock and Roll Elvis Presley. However, she went in a very different direction for The Traitors – veering away from the razzle dazzle. ‘For Strictly this year it was Elvis – only as an inspiration, not literally – and for Traitors it was Princess Anne meets Ronnie Corbett meets Madonna when she married Guy Ritchie,’ she told The Times. An unusual mix of names… but we can see it! During a recent chat with Metro.co.uk, The Traitors executive producers Sarah Fay and Toni Ireland opened up about the making of the programme, having taken inspiration from the Dutch version called De Verraders. ‘One of the things we wanted to do right from the offset was the Dutch version has celebrities and that’s what they’ve done all along. We are the first territory, and obviously it’s gone around the world now and other people are making it, to make it with a civilian cast, and it’s really important that we wanted to do that for the BBC,’ Sarah said. ‘And we found great success in it – just the emotions and how much it means to them and that amount of money just elevated the game play.’ They added that initially, Claudia was reluctant to jump on board as host, but after watching the Dutch version in two days, she was hooked and keen to join. ‘We wanted somebody as our host who didn’t just feel like a normal host, who didn’t just feel like they’d turned up with the autocue, we wanted somebody who genuinely would immerse themselves in it as well and would feel intrinsically part of the cast,’ Sarah said. Tori added: ‘She tread a really careful line, of being really warm with the cast and encouraging. My favourite bit is the first ever mission where she’s screaming, “Come on, move it” and you’re seeing this other side to Claudia that we’ve not seen before. ‘It was out of presenter mode, she was supporting that cast, but equally she knew when to, you know, “no hugs, that’s a different show.” She knew that line and she tread so perfectly. We were very lucky.’ The Traitors is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Traitors fans go wild over Maddy’s hilarious sketches filmed in lockdown: ‘You are completely ace!’ MORE : The Traitors producers: ‘We’d love Rylan Clark and Kathy Burke in our dream celebrity line-up – but it’s not going to happen’ 