Drake was forced to stop his gig New York’s iconic Apollo Theatre after a terrifying incident. The Hotline Bling hitmaker, 36, had been on stage for around 90 minutes when a fan fell from the second-story balcony, down into the orchestra pit. Footage captured by other fans showed the audience’s horrified reaction to the scary moment, as a video sees the man’s body come falling from the sky and land on top of fans. Drake himself didn’t see the fall from the mezzanine, as his back was turned to the crowd when it happened. But a few seconds later, a crew member ran on stage and told him to pause the show. ‘Just gotta make sure somebody’s ok,’ he told the crowd. The gig was delayed for around 15 minutes, as the guy’s fall damaged a lighting fixture. It’s not known how the fall ended up happening, but officials told TMZ that the man was leaning over the railing and he was thought to be intoxicated. The individual was then taken to a Harlem hospital. Addressing the matter in a statement, a representative for the venue assured that there were ‘no major injuries.’ ‘Unfortunately, last evening an incident occurred with an audience member who landed in the orchestra from the lower mezzanine,’ the spokesperson began. ‘Drake, Apollo, and SiriusXM halted the show immediately when learning of a potential fan injury and standard protocols were taken. ‘They were seen immediately by EMS on site. The fan and other audience members reported that they were ok. ‘No major injuries have been reported.’ The Apollo is now investigating the situation further. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kylie Jenner applauded by Peta for show-stopping lion’s head gown at Schiaparelli catwalk MORE : Tom Cruise ‘absolutely deserves’ Oscars nomination for Top Gun: Maverick, according to co-star Jennifer Connelly  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 