Vikings: Valhalla star Leo Suter has revealed a terrifying filming stunt that saw him ‘dragged behind a horse’ during a scene in season 2. The historical drama follows the 11th-century tale of prince of Norway Harald Sigurdsson battling against England as he joins forces with Scandinavian ruler King Canute (Bradley Freegard) and Greenlanders Freydís Eiríksdóttir (Frida Gustavsson) amd Leif Eriksson (Sam Corlett). After the fall of Kattegat, Harald, Leig and Freydis find themselves fugitives on the run as they navigate the world separated from everything they’ve known. And, as expected, the battles they face along the way are pretty violent, with Leo revealing a ‘genuinely scary’ scene during their journey. In an exclusive chat with Metro.co.uk, the Sanditon actor shared: ‘I was dragged behind a horse this season and that was genuinely scary, it was mental. ‘Yeah, it was mental!’ In one scene, Harald encounters a ‘fearsome tribe of bloodthirsty warriors’. ‘They want to put him through this sort of test of his manhood, and his bravery, sort of pain endurance before they go and string him up,’ Leo explained. He continued: ‘They drag him behind a horse and they put a noose around him, and I had my hands around there so it’s not actually on my neck. ‘And then I have to trip and be dragged, and I have a cable release for if I’m not having a good time, that’s my safe word. ‘And so we did it, and it looks cool but it was kind of scary.’ Leo added that filming the scene, despite having a rope around his neck, wasn’t painful but was actually ‘pleasant’, but admitted: ‘It was sore the next day.’ Aside from that particular scene, the 29-year-old actor revealed other behind-the-scenes injuries after he nearly ‘broke someone’s nose with a sword’ during filming for the first season. ‘You can’t really hit people but, when it came to sort of kicking and punching in the ribs, we did we half went for it,’ Leo said. He added that in one fight scene, another actor ‘threw a punch and he grazed my beard and it was like millimeters’ away from causing him serious hard. ‘If he had connected… that would have seriously hurt, so that was a close scrape,’ Leo recalled. Thinking about injuries from filming the first series, he continued: ‘Last year, I broke someone’s nose which was bad, with a sword, which was mortifying, like really horrible, a horrible experience.’ ‘The nature of these things is that you do take some hits and you have to sort of wear it because because stunt men and women are doing exactly the same,’ he added. Vikings: Valhalla is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vikings: Valhalla star Caroline Henderson hints Jarl Haakon could return in series two despite shock death MORE : Vikings: Valhalla star Caroline Henderson tired of being told she’s playing a male character: ‘She’s purely fictional’ 