Horrified passengers were left in shock after two people were injured in an alleged shooting on a bus in Rochdale. Police were called to Daventry Road at around 7pm last night to the ‘suspected fire-arms’ incident. The pair suffered minor injuries, Greater Manchester Police has said. In photos from the scene the windows of the bus were clearly smashed but detectives are still investigating the cause. A man was arrested on suspicion of criminal damage with intent to endanger life. A spokesperson for GMP said: ‘At 7pm on Saturday, January 7, officers responded to reports of a suspected firearms incident on Daventry Road, Rochdale. ‘After an initial investigation it is believed damage has been caused to a bus operating in the area with windows being smashed. ‘The cause of the damage is not yet known and detectives are investigating the incident. Thankfully only minor injuries were sustained by two passengers on the bus. ‘Officers deployed to the scene commenced a thorough investigation and detectives have subsequently arrested a male, who cannot be named for legal reasons on suspicion of criminal damage with intent to endanger life, and is assisting with their enquiries. ‘There is a police presence in the area whilst the scene is processed as part of the investigation. ‘Patrols plans have been increased in the area to provide visible reassurance to the community following this incident.’ Eyewitnesses reported seeing a heavy police presence last night, with the road taped off after 8pm. One said: ‘The road is completely sealed off. Bus within cordon looks to have a damaged window.’ Detectives are now appealing for witnesses or anyone with further information that may help with their investigation, including doorbell or dash cam footage, to get in touch. Anyone who can help is asked to contact 101 quoting incident number 2586 of January 7, 2023. Alternatively, details can be passed to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.