‘Oh my god Dayna, I almost didn’t recognise you there!’ My heart dropped as I faced the person beaming at me, their hand gripped on my arm to stop me in my tracks. My mouth went dry as I faced the older version of a high school memory that I’d spent years pushing out of my mind. ‘I hear you’re doing so well these days right? Big jumps since school, eh?’ I stared blankly as it all flashed in front of me. The bullying I suffered at the hands of this person, and of my peers. Whispers quiet enough to bring tears to my eyes but not loud enough for the teachers to hear. The stabbing pain of an elbow rammed into my ribs ‘by accident’. The smirks, the stares, the made up rumours, the never-ending reminders that I wasn’t enough. The girls who claimed to be ‘fine with me’ but who threw their heads back and cackled as they saw their peers terrorise me. The terrifying and desperate want for it all to end; feelings my teenage brain just couldn’t handle. And then I saw her in my mind: the 14-year-old version of myself, hiding in the furthest corner of our garden, sobbing into the fur of our concerned family dog, aching from isolation. Something snapped. ‘Sorry,’ I said, swiping my arm away before asking, ‘Who are you?’. I knew exactly who they were, but I wasn’t about to give them the satisfaction. ‘Oh, from high school y’know, I…’ I had already started walking away. ‘Yeah, sorry, I’m super busy.’ I know what you might be thinking – that’s a bit petty, no? Time goes by, people grow up and it’s always best to ‘forgive and forget’. But what if you don’t want to? Because who is my forgiveness – given without ever seeing a hint of accountability from the perpetrators – really benefiting? I remember being told by a school counsellor, as I finally confided the extent of my suffering and its impact, that, ‘They’re probably jealous of you’ and, ‘You never know what they have going on at home’. Even at 14, I was baffled. Accepting either of those facts wasn’t going to stop my fear of walking down the school’s corridors and hearing the hissing comments fired in my direction; as if I’d forgotten I was worthless in the time it had taken them to breathe in between each one. Instead of action being taken against their behaviour, I was being asked to pardon people who weren’t looking for my absolution. How the hell was ‘be the bigger person’ the supposed solution? Now, letting things go seems to be the almighty sign that, ‘Yes, congratulations, you have officially moved on!’; like somehow withholding it is a sign of incomplete healing. That’s just not true. The fact is, you can move on without dishing out forgiveness to those who hurt you most. Well into my twenties, the echoes of their comments would wrap around me as I scrutinised every bit of myself in the mirror. They’d roar in my head as I tried to make new friends at university, taunting me with the idea that I’d never be accepted or liked. There’d be nights where I’d start to shake with panic for no reason and my anxious mind would transport me back to my teenage self, the memories swirling around my brain. Pardoning people for causing this doesn’t stop it all from having happened in the first place. Nor would it have suddenly stopped my suffering from the trauma of it all in the years that followed. My peace with being bullied to this extent was made between the four walls of an NHS therapist’s office and it took a whole lot of work. I’ve moved on, but I have not and will not forgive and forget. Now – at almost 30 years old – excusing the five, miserable years of bullying I endured won’t help me or add anything more of value to my ‘healing journey’. I’m past it. It all still happened, but now I carry it with me in a different, healthier way. My mind no longer reverts to a teenage version of myself whenever I’m hurt. A bad day is now just a bad day like anyone else’s, not a 24-hour affair of reaffirming my insecurities with words spoken 15 years ago. What happened to me is now my driving force, as I strive to live the life I want. My emotional scars run deep, but my determination to succeed is my own brand of Bio-oil fading them. I feel a sense of relief as I look at my life and see a version of myself that I could only dream of in my teens. I didn’t need to have a big, ethereal moment of excusing everything to suddenly feel truly free – I just, with the help of so very much therapy, moved on. However, my self-imposed mission to hold my teen bullies to account will have zero effect on them in reality – it won’t even occur to them that their damage lasted for decades after that school bell rang for the last time. And, for the same reason, I will not let them off the hook. Forgiveness is reserved for those who seek it – and it’s not being sought by the people from my past who follow my every move on Instagram, sending heart-eye emojis to my latest articles as if they didn’t laugh when I was reduced to tears. It’s not being sought when I get a message saying, ‘Hey! Long time no speak! I’d love your advice on getting into the media’ as if we’d ever previously spoken beyond their cruel comments and my deathly silence. And as I felt that hand grip my arm in the street and saw the face of a person completely complicit in my suffering, it hit me. This person had decided that I would be fine and would have moved on – and now, after years of feeling totally out of control, this was something I could take charge of. If someone took the time to acknowledge their part in the hurt inflicted on me in my teens, I’m still not convinced I’d be able to let bygones be bygones. If they at least took a shred of accountability, it would bring a sense of validation that yes, the pain I went through was absolutely not OK, but some things are just too big to forget altogether. It is not anyone else’s decision as to whether or not I choose to forgive them. Being unable to excuse the people who caused me pain doesn’t make me a bad person. I might not think of them every day anymore, I might not actively hate them or wish them misfortune, I might no longer dwell on why such things happened to me or wonder what my life would have been like had it not. But I absolutely do not forgive a single person involved in the trauma inflicted on my life and I don’t think anyone should be pushed to do so in theirs. It’s time to stop seeing letting go of trauma as the benchmark for ‘completely healed’. And if you think I’m wrong, well, you don’t have to forgive me for what I’ve said. MORE : I change my sanitary pad in front of my kids – here’s why MORE : I’m 23 and call my parents every day – it’s not babyish MORE : Voice notes are rude, arrogant and a waste of everyone’s time