A man has admitted killing a woman and her two-year-old daughter and burying their bodies. Bennylyn Burke, 25, and her two-year old daughter, Jellica, were found under the floor of Andrew Innes’s home in Dundee in March, 2021. He is currently on trial at the High Court in Edinburgh accused of murdering the mother and daughter at his house in Troon Avenue. Innes, 52, admits killing Ms Burke and Jellica but denies murder, claiming diminished responsibility. In the joint minutes of agreed evidence it was revealed he met Ms Burke on an online dating app, and drove her from Bristol to Dundee on February 18 2021. Innes stabbed Ms Burke and hit her head with a knife handle and a hammer, the court was told. A post-mortem examination revealed the woman, who weighed 5st 7lb, suffered a single stab wound to her chest which was 158 mm deep. She also had head injuries, with pathologists finding the combined effects of internal bleeding and the injuries to her head caused her death. The toddler was asphyxiated by means unknown, the court was told, with a post-mortem examination revealing that there had been pressure on the girl’s mouth and neck. Innes had, the jury was told, wrapped a rubble bag, blanket and tarpaulin around the head of Ms Burke and hid her beneath the kitchen floor next to Jellica. The accused, represented by Brian McConnachie KC, has also been charged with raping and assaulting a seven-year-old girl. He denies all the charges against him. In the joint minutes read to the jury, they were told a swab of the girl revealed she had chlamydia trachiotimus and in a separate urine test of the accused, he also tested positive for the infection. Innes, who was diagnosed with Crohn’s disease in 2021, was also diagnosed with having autism spectrum disorder. Judge Lord Beckett told the jury that the trial, prosecuted by Alex Prentice KC, was expected to last into next week. And he warned them: ‘From this moment until the end of the trial, you must not make any outside investigations or inquires of your own about this case, the people involved in it, or any issue it raises.’ The trial continues. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.