Pop group S Club 7 are said to be reuniting for a huge tour over two decades since their debut single was released. The 90s phenomenon is reportedly planning a blockbuster comeback that is set to garner plenty of interest from fans of the band once announced. Hugely popular at the time, the group was made up of Bradley McIntosh, Hannah Spearritt, Jo O’Meara, Jon Lee, Paul Cattermole, Rachel Stevens, and Tina Barrett. Letting supporters know it was the end of the road for the chart-topping sensation in 2003, the seven singers managed to secure four number-one singles and a successful album before splitting up. The idea of a mega reunion was spoken about by the group’s founder, music mogul Simon Fuller who supposedly said it would only work if all members agreed to pick back up their microphones and take the stage. Putting them together in 1998, Simon called up each individual and suggested the idea of a reunion with them, according to Mail Online. ‘Simon Fuller saw the value in this, S Club 7 had a huge following of all ages who he thinks will want to go and see them for nostalgia reasons,’ a source revealed. They continued gushing: ‘Their songs were so upbeat and fun, it is a massive commercial opportunity for them all, particularly Simon.’ With nothing official published in the public domain, an announcement is allegedly imminent and it is said to include details of a summer tour. However, despite the potential schedule, proceedings may have to take a back seat for lead singer Jo’s health. The 43-year-old recently spoke of a back injury that caused her to fear she would never dance again after losing mobility in her legs. Saying she woke up most days in agony, the singer likened her injury to being shot. Jo spent a number of days in the hospital after having pieces of a disc removed from her back. She told The Sun: ‘It was like someone had shot me in the bum.’ Struggling to find relief from any of the strong pill concoctions she had been prescribed, the star revealed she now had permanent damage to her right leg. The star will also need months of physio before she will be able to move around on a stage, potentially causing a comeback delay. S Club 7’s reps declined to comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jo O’Meara announces return to the stage after fearing she’d never perform again due to back surgery MORE : Blue would absolutely love S Club 7 to reunite and that’d be a true gift for 2023 