The Apprentice’s Lord Alan Sugar fired Kevin D’Arcy on Thursday night after  Shannon Martin’s shock decision to leave the process. The accountant from Dublin became the second official casualty of the series 18 boardroom, following Emma Browne, who was eliminated in week one’s tropical tourism task in Antigua. Kevin’s exit came as he failed to deliver during the bao bun-themed task, which saw the teams challenged with manufacturing two buns: a savoury one for public consumption, and a bespoke sweet one for a corporate client. As both teams entered the boardroom, it was learned that the girls had taken home the most profit with £754.60. The boys, however, only managed to bank £599.35. Speaking after his elimination, Kevin voiced regret over not putting himself up to be on the corporate team for the task. ‘That’s where the ship sank,’ he said. ‘And I think those guys steered it straight for the iceberg. I was fired because I wasn’t able to deploy the lifeboats quick enough. ‘As an accountant, cooking is probably the furthest thing away from what I do day in day out.’ Kevin also stressed that he deserved to stay in the competition as he hadn’t yet been given a chance to show Lord Sugar his full potential. ‘I think I’ve got a good business, and I’ve got a great background in business,’ he said. ‘Had I been there for a couple more weeks, eventually I would’ve made him crack a smile.’ Shedding light on his company, he shared: ‘My business is Orca Board. We are a 100% Irish-owned and operated water sports business, and we sell everything you need to get out onto and into the water safely, including paddleboards, changing robes, sun wear, and wetsuits. ‘We’ve got a very busy summer ahead for Orca Board, in terms of water sports going forward.’ The Apprentice’s second episode also saw the surprise departure of West Yorkshire bridal boutique owner Shannon, who left the process before the boardroom results. Explaining the reason behind her decision to leave, Shannon said: ‘I think that going into the process, I was already having some doubts of whether I should go in or not. ‘But when you’re given such an amazing opportunity, you’re not ever going to turn that down, it’s an opportunity of a lifetime that I’m forever grateful for.’ The Apprentice airs Thursdays at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 