How I Met Your Mother star Jason Segel would be keen to make a surprise cameo in the new spin-off series – and we need to make this happen. Fresh after Neil Patrick Harris popped up in the season two premiere of How I Met Your Father, opposite Hilary Duff, many have questioned whether more of the original cast would be returning. Appearing at the New York premiere of his new Apple TV+ series, Shrinking, Jason was questioned on whether he would follow suit. ‘I didn’t know about that, but those people changed my life and I would do anything they ever asked me to,’ he simply told Entertainment Tonight. The actor starred as Marshall Eriksen in the beloved sitcom, beside Neil, Alyson Hannigan, Josh Radnor and Cobie Smulders – who previously reprised her role as Robin Scherbatsky in the first series. Fans were beside themselves when Neil, who played Barney Stinson, popped up in the recent Hulu premiere, when Sophie (Hilary) crashed into his car. Viewers will be delighted to know that this will just be the start of Barney’s return – as he’ll have a ‘major impact’ on the program. ‘Whenever we talk about bringing back a member of the original crew, you want it to serve two purposes: You want to give some tidbits about what is going on in their lives, where they’ve landed and where they’re at,’ co-creator Isaac Aptaker Aptaker told TVLine. ‘But it’s also about how they impact the How I Met Your Father story, and how they send one of our characters in a new, unexpected direction. ‘Similar to Robin last year, we’ll learn some more about where Barney’s at, but it’ll also have a major impact on the trajectory, and main narrative, of our season.’ Elizabeth Berger, who also serves as creator, previously told Metro.co.uk that they ‘remain committed’ to incorporating cameos and Easter Eggs where it feels organic. ‘We hope that the show continues to attract really exciting actors,’ she told us. ‘We feel like we’ve been really lucky so far in terms of who we’ve got and we just love to populate the world with talented people that we’re fans of, so we’re always looking for those opportunities. ‘We’re always looking for those opportunities to satisfy fans of the original. So that’s something that we remain committed to finding.’ How I Met Your Father airs on Hulu on Tuesdays. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beaming Christine McGuinness shares cosy selfie with Chelcee Grimes: ‘I’ve missed you’ MORE : Below Deck’s Kate Chastain brands Vicki Gunvalson most ‘overrated’ Real Housewife: ‘I don’t get it’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 