Mars is making its way into some star sign’s zones which could have an impact on your day. For Libra, as it moves forward in your sector of opportunity, you may be ready to step out and explore. Meanwhile, for Pisces, with the red planet now powering ahead in your home zone, your plans for the home, family holidays or events could now start to take shape. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 19, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Feel under pressure, Aries? The sooner you tackle whatever is bothering you, the better. If it’s on your mind with no let up, it’s a sign that this isn’t something you can leave for another day. If you’ve procrastinated, then you’ll be even more pleased with yourself if you step up and get it out of the way. Mind, with Venus in your social sector, a new friend could be a delight. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may want something, but do you really need it? If you’re trying your hardest to make it happen and there’s no movement, perhaps you’re on the wrong track. There may be something out there that is much more useful to you if you were to go after it. This is a case of trusting your instincts, Taurus. It might be tempting to ignore that quiet nudge from within, but it’s best not to. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Someone close to you may need reassurance or perhaps a few words of advice. If a friend or loved one isn’t at their best, then your input could make all the difference. Something you say can provide much needed inspiration. If they’ve been holding this inside for a long time, the chance to talk about it might ease their burden and brighten their outlook considerably. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 The urge to make progress with an exciting project, can see you pairing up with someone who has the energy and focus to help you get it done. Your imagination and creative ability will add to the mix, while they may be good at planning and ready to persevere if any obstacles arise. Have a desire to enjoy a break? A lunar tie might find you eager to book a quick getaway, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 There are times when you appreciate other people being in the driver’s seat, and this might be one of them. A very focused aspect could bring you into contact with someone who has the mark of efficiency about them. And handing the reins over to them can be a relief Leo, especially if it leaves you time for a well-deserved break and a chance to get to grips with a new opportunity. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Your thoughts can dwell on a sport or pastime you really enjoyed, so you might be ready to give it another go. A potent aspect suggests you may want to go deeper into this or perhaps to develop your creative side. If it brings you the enjoyment you’re hoping for, it will be well worth it. Plus, the Moon in your home zone encourages you to eat nurturing food and get more sleep, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 As Mars moves confidently forward in your sector of opportunity, you’ll be ready to step out and explore. With Mars, the planet associated with relationships in your solar chart, this can be a time of meetings that open doors for you. There are possibilities for friendships, business partnerships and for romance, all of which could take your life to a new level of fulfilment and enrichment. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Getting a relationship issue out in the open could be helpful, if it’s been on your mind for a while. With the Moon linking to hazy Neptune, handling this in the right way can be crucial to the future of a friendship or romantic bond troubled by misunderstandings. It may be a difference of values or perspective that is causing this, but a discussion might encourage a helpful solution. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Just as you’re getting into your stride, it may seem that your efforts to move ahead are being blocked. And it could be a family member who seems to be doing their best to thwart your plans. Although this issue might have plagued you for some time Archer, you are now wiser and stronger. In this situation, it helps to be sensitive to their issues while also being true to yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The Moon and its tie to prudent Saturn, could give you a fresh perspective on a difficult situation. A proactive approach can see you rising to the challenge and making great progress. You may turn a worrying or insurmountable issue into one that fills you with pride when you think about how you overcame the odds. You’re in the process of change, so work with it and embrace it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You’ll sense that it’s time to part with the old ways of doing things, and to adopt a new and more flexible approach. If things have reached the point of no return, then the cosmos encourages you to move in a new direction that is less stressful and more conducive to your wellbeing. Bold Jupiter in your sector of talk and thought, could be the catalyst that encourages a fresh start. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 With Mars now powering ahead in your home zone, your plans for the home, family holidays or events can now start to take shape. And if you’ve been thinking of selling your property or relocating, you’ll soon start to see progress. You’ll be very active on the home front for a few weeks yet, so you may have a desire to reorganize your place or give it a homely makeover. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : Your star sign’s Aquarius season tarot horoscope – be a world fixer MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 18, 2023 MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 17, 2023