A mum died in front of her children while waiting an hour and 45 minutes for an ambulance to come, her daughter claims. Victoria Louisa Maame Yamphet’s nine-year-old daughter was ‘crying, shaking her and trying to wake her up’ as she quickly deteriorated on January 8. The London Ambulance Service has apologised for the delay and an investigation has been launched. The 40-year-old mother had the flu when she came back to her family home in Dagenham, east London. Her daughter Emmanuela, 18, said she watched her support worker mum’s condition worsen. Two days later, Victoria had started to complain about her ribs and belly hurting and Emmanuela called an ambulance at 6.09am. She says she was told paramedics would be there in six to 10 minutes, but 20 minutes later, there was still no sign of any help. Emmanuela called back and was reportedly told she would now have to wait an hour. ‘During this hour my mother was still in pain and her breathing was shortening,’ she said. At 7.15am, Emmanuela was told a taxi was being sent to collect her mum in 10 minutes which she claims arrived at 7.45am. Victoria had already stopped breathing by this point, with Emmanuela and her nine-year-old sister by their mum’s side. Emmanuela said: ‘I called the paramedics in tears pleading for them to come quicker in tears and distress. They then came a minute after. ‘Because my mother was left for an hour and 45 minutes to be in pain, sadly, she didn’t make it. ‘My little sister was on the floor next to our mum the whole time. She was crying, shaking her and trying to wake her up.’ Victoria’s cause of death is yet to be officially determined. The London Ambulance Service’s chief medical officer, Dr Fenella Wrigley, told the MailOnline: ‘We are deeply sorry for the delay in responding to Mrs Yamphet. ‘We are investigating our response to this 999 call and the care provided, and as part of this thorough review, will contact Mrs Yamphet’s family to understand the circumstances of this incident. ‘On behalf of London Ambulance Service, I offer my sincere condolences to the family and loved ones of Mrs Yamphet.’ Emmanuela has now started fundraising to give her mum a ‘befitting burial’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.