Lisa Marie Presley’s friend has revealed what happened when the singer took a final trip to her son’s grave before her untimely death on January 12. The only daughter of Elvis Presley died at the age of 54 from a cardiac arrest, just days after appearing at multiple public events. Within a week before she died at her home in Calabasas, California, the singer was pictured celebrating her late father’s 88th birthday as well as Austin Butler’s uncanny portrayal of The King in the Elvis biopic at the Golden Globes, where she was also filmed chatting in what was, in hindsight, a disturbingly shaky interview. But one poignant private moment the singer shared with her friend David Kessler just days before her death has now been revealed. David is an author and grief expert, who met Presley when she reached out for help following her son Benjamin’s death by suicide in 2020. Since the tragedy, Presley had stayed largely out of the public eye – until just weeks before she died. The grief expert told People that while they sat ‘mostly in silence’ by Benjamin’s grave, Presley did say that she was ‘very excited about what was coming up’ and she felt a revived ‘purpose’ in helping others through their grief. ‘She showed me where she’d be buried someday, right across from her father’s grave,’ remembered David. ‘I said, “Not for a long time,” and she was like, “Nope, I got a lot to do still.” She was very excited about what was coming up. She had such a challenging first and second act of life, and she was about to take on this third act that was so much about helping people.’ The world was shocked when Priscilla Presley, widow of Elvis Presley, made a statement about the death of her daughter. ‘It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us,’ she wrote. ‘She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known.’ Presley left behind three children; 33-year-old actor Riley Keough and 14-year-old twin daughters Finley and Harper, who she shared with ex-husband Michael Lockwood. Benjamin, who was also the child of Danny Keough and full brother to Riley, was buried in the family’s Graceland family estate where Presley and David shared the tender moment. While coming to terms with her grief out of the spotlight, Presley co-led bereavement support groups with David, helping many people along the way. It’s a testament to Presley’s character that what she was excited about most was helping others. ‘She had X-ray vision for other people’s pain,’ said David. ‘When you were in her gaze, no one else existed. She was focused on you. She talked about turning her pain into purpose.’ He also remembered Presley’s most recent trip to Graceland, when she sat down with a recently bereaved mother ‘for two to three hours’ and told her all she knew on the matter. David continued: ‘I just sat there watching how far she had come in her own pain. Her heart was still broken around Ben, but her heart was also healing around Ben.’ Presley’s public memorial will be held at Graceland on the weekend of January 21. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lisa Marie Presley’s public memorial to take place this weekend at Graceland following death aged 54 MORE : Elvis star Austin Butler sombre in black at Critics’ Choice Awards days after Lisa Marie Presley’s death  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 