The Pogues singer Shane MacGowan has shared a special New Year’s message with fans, while also providing an update on his health. The Fairytale of New York hitmaker was rushed to hospital in December after being struck down by an infection. Shane’s wife Victoria Mary Clarke later revealed the singer was fighting encephalitis, a rare condition which causes the brain to become swollen. It can be life-threatening and requires urgent treatment, with symptoms including difficulty speaking and loss of movement. Hours before the clock struck midnight ushering in 2023, Shane, 65, shared a video on social media confirming his serious condition. ‘Hi friends, I’m sitting here suffering from encephalitis,’ he began before explaining why he was wearing sunglasses, adding: ‘The light is killing me […] but I wanted to wish you a Happy New Year and Happy Christmas.’ ‘And many more, and all the luck in the world and all the love. Happy Christmas and Happy New Year, love Shane,’ he concluded. It comes a week after Shane wished fans a happy Christmas, which also coincided with his birthday on December 25. After being diagnosed with encephalitis, the musician then caught shingles and the infection spread to his eye leaving doctors concerned and wanting to keep him in for at least two weeks. His wife Victoria, 56, recently recalled him falling ill, telling The Sunday Independent: ‘I noticed it on his face. His eye was getting red and began to close over. I called the doctor and the doctor said it was very dangerous so we had to get him to the hospital straight away.’ She added: ‘The hospital explained to me that shingles can go into your brain and that’s what happened to Shane so now they want to keep him in on a drip for two weeks.’ Shane was released just in time for Christmas and is recovering at home. He has faced several health issues in recent years and has a carer help him at his home in Dublin. In 2016, he suffered a fall and broke his pelvis before later breaking his knee and tearing ligaments in another accident. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 