Pop icon Cher was spotted looking totally loved up with her boyfriend Alexander Edwards as engagement rumours continue to swirl around the pair. The Believe singer, 76, has been in a relationship with music producer Alexander Edwards, 36 for several months, first confirming their romance in November last year. While the 40-year-age gap between them has raised eyebrows on several occasions, recently telling those with any concerns they were both ‘grown-ups.’ The couple sparked engagement rumours at the end of last year as Cher was seen sporting a diamond ring on her left hand, with fans instantly spotting the rock as the singer shared photos of them kissing at a New Year’s party. Neither Cher nor Alexander have commented publicly on the rumours, but either way seem as loved-up as ever as they were spotted in fits of laughter during a night out this week. The couple totally matched with their peroxide-blonde hair and dark outfits, Cher in a snazzy floor-length coat and Alexander in a black jacket, t-shirt and silver necklace along with blue jeans. One snap sees the pair standing in an outside area of a restaurant, their heads thrown back in laughter while Alexander still keeps an arm around his girlfriend. In another, Alexander and Cher stroll down the street, the If I Could Turn Back Time singer grinning as Alexander holds on to her hand with both of his. Another sees the couple looking into each other’s eyes and beaming, their fingers interlocked by their sides. There was no ring visible in any of the photos, but that may have more to do with the fact her hand was consistently covered up as her younger boyfriend couldn’t keep his hands off her. The singer first pictured the diamond ring on Christmas Day, when she shared a photo of the stunning piece, which features a teardrop stone, in a jewellery box. ‘THERE R NO WORDS, ALEXANDER, A.E,’ she captioned the post. Cher’s fans rushed to ‘congratulate’ the star assuming Alexander had popped the question, but she stopped short of confirming the speculation. The star confirmed her relationship with Alexander in November after they were spotted on a string of dinner dates, and has dismissed some fans’ concerns over their large age gap. One concerned follower previously commented: ‘I’m not sure how I feel about this. I’ve been a fan for so long that I’m immediately suspicious of his intentions towards you. WE know you are fabulous and I’m sure your inner circle will continue to have your back. Want you to be happy, but not taken advantage of!!!’ Cher swooped in to reassure the fan that there’s nothing to worry about, responding: ‘As we All Know …I WASNT BORN YESTERDAY,& What I Know For Sure…There Are No Guarantees. ‘Anytime you make a Choice You Take a Chance.I’ve Always Taken Chances…It’s WHO I Am [sic].’ Metro.co.uk previously reached out to reps for Cher for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cher, 76, sparks rumours she’s engaged to Alexander Edwards, 36, after posting diamond ring picture MORE : Cher, 76, says relationship with Alexander Edwards, 36, is ‘strange on paper’ but ‘love doesn’t know math’