We all hoped that Maya Jama’s Love Island debut would be next level, and spoilers ahead of the first episode have confirmed that it’s exactly that. The new host, 28, takes over the adored ITV2 dating show from Laura Whitmore, and it’s clear that she went all out for her grand arrival ahead of meeting the cast of the winter series. Teasers ahead of Monday night’s anticipated launch reveal that our new presenter catches a helicopter to the plush South African villa, which boasts an Olympic swimming pool and rugby pitch. Kicking season nine off in style, the pilot announces over the tannoy ‘Maya Jama on board’ as it circles ahead before descending on the epic mansion. After landing on solid ground, Maya, no doubt strutting her stuff, makes her way into the islanders’ plush new pad. ‘It’s a new year, in a brand new villa, it’s a stunning location ready for some sexy singles looking for love, all we need now are some islanders,’ she tells the camera. It’s not long before the first batch of this year’s contestants arrive, with the boys making their way in first. Greeting the group at the fire pit, Maya says: ‘Hello boys, you alright, shall we have a little chat?’ The boys then line up as they await the arrival of the girls. But which girl will grab their eye? The first 10 islanders set to be heading into the villa were unveiled last week, and the line-up includes TikTok farmer Will Young, airport security officer Shaq Muhammad, and Owen Warner’s ex-girlfriend Lana Jenkins. It was also revealed that for the first time ever, the show’s producers are giving viewers the chance to vote which bombshell enters the show just when the contestants think they’re settled in. Voting has already opened on the Love Island App, and the bombshell with the highest number of votes will be chosen to head on in. That’s not all that’s new for this year, as for the first time ever the cast will have to disable their social media accounts completely, in a move to protect both themselves and their loved ones. In the past, islanders haven’t been able to access their accounts, but their family and friends have run them, engaging with viewers and also reminding fans to vote for their favourites. Explaining the decision, ITV said they wanted accounts to be ‘dormant’ and nothing should be posted on people’s behalf so they could avoid ‘the adverse effects of social media’. Love Island kicks off on Monday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 