Real Valladolid chief David Espinar has confirmed there is growing interest in teenage defender Ivan Fresneda but insists the club do not have to sell this month. The 18-year-old is regarded as one of the most promising young talents in Spanish football and is reportedly on the radar of a host of Premier League clubs. Arsenal, Chelsea, Newcastle and Wolves have all been credited with interest in the right-back – with reports in Spain claiming an unnamed English side have submitted an offer – while Real Madrid and Juventus have also been linked with moves. Fresneda is believed to have a release clause of just £9million, though that will automatically increase before the summer window once he has made a few more appearances. His agent, Luis Bardaji, has reportedly been in London recently to discuss a potential move with several Premier League sides, while Valladolid manager Pacheta suggested the Spain Under-19 international was in the process of playing his final games for the club. Now Espinar, who is director of the cabinet of the presidency, says Valladolid are aware of the enormous amount of interest in their young full-back and has suggested the club will not stand in his way. Asked about the situation surrounding Fresneda at a press conference on Tuesday, Espinar said: ‘No firm offer has arrived for Fresneda, but there is a lot of interest. ‘The club has set a squad cost limit in the summer. We are going to try to reinforce the squad and we are aware that there are players who will leave.’ Asked about the possibility of a big sale, Espinar added: ‘We don’t have to sell any player to survive, but, in the football industry, everyone has to do it. ‘It serves to strengthen squads and gives opportunities to people who want to improve or seek another destination.’ Despite his tender years, Fresneda has made nine appearances in La Liga this season and impressed enormously, boasting tremendous technical skills and passing ability while also being a physical presence too. He recently kept Vinicius Junior quiet when Valladolid hosted Real Madrid and manager Pacheta feels he is destined to become a top-class player, even saying that if he were in charge of another club he would ‘go for him without thinking about it’. Pacheta added: ‘He only has a few games left in the Blanquivioleta shirt because he is 18 but does things that 30-year-old players do. He would be a fantastic acquisition, his numbers are fantastic.’ MORE : Manchester United face Arsenal and Newcastle battle for Victor Osimhen MORE : Bayer Leverkusen’s stance on selling Moussa Diaby to Arsenal in January window For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 