This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Beauty regimes have had quite a renaissance in recent years. It goes so far beyond the simple steps; cleanse, tone and moisturise. Now skincare ingredients like hyaluronic acid and retinol are in-demand and are as much part of our vocabulary as favourites like vitamins C and E. Products and tools that were once only used by high-end dermatologists are now available to use at home. Some of which carry very hefty price tags. LED masks are an effective way to bring a previously in-salon treatment to the comfort of your home. The pain-free treatments are known to have a multitude of skincare benefits and are proven to reduce acne, help fade hyperpigmentation, stimulate collagen and fight the signs of ageing. Normally, a high-quality device is likely to set you back over £300 but SwearBySkin has created an affordable model that aims to achieve the same results. The LookLit LED Mask features three colour modes each with varying wavelengths to penetrate different depths of the skin and stimulate a different response. The mask creator admits that there is a difference with more expensive masks and that power is what makes it the cheaper but also the best option. ‘You may see quicker results with a very expensive device, but unsurprisingly, not everyone has a spare £500 to spend,’ says SwearBy Skin founder Shenae Rae, and we can totally relate. To see visible results, SwearBy Skin recommends using the mask between three to five times a week, for 12 weeks. ‘I’ve seen a huge improvement in my skin’s overall appearance! I’ve even had friends and family comment on how good my skin looks! It’s become a permanent fixture in my beauty regime,’ one happy customer wrote, leaving the LED mask five stars. While another added that they had it had worked on their acne scars, as they wrote: ‘I have sensitive skin with hormonal acne and this mask really helps me achieve a more targeted skincare routine without having to use new products that may irritate me. ‘I’ve had this product for a few months now and I’ve been able to see some great results! Super glowing and old acne scars have reduced.’ The LookLit LED Mask, £80, is available from swearbyskin.com and urbanoutfitters.com UK & Europe. MORE : ‘I can smile now without embarrassing myself’: This teeth whitener is changing lives according to its users MORE : ‘My confidence has grown so much’: Impressive before and after photos show dramatic difference after using ‘amazing’ retinol kit