Sam Smith has proven its another day, another glorious fashion moment as they posed in fishnet tights, a slip dress and embellished tank top at a wildlife park in Australia. Well, why the heck not? The chart-topping singer, who’s been enjoying soaking up the winter sun abroad for a few weeks now, shared carefree photos showing of their look to Instagram on Monday. The Unholy hitmaker accessorised the outfit with black combat boots and pearl-drop earrings, hitching up the hem of their dress as they laughed with company. Following a sweet closer-up portrait of the star smiling demurely, the third snap showed them messing around as they posed with a leg up by the tree and pulled a face, displaying more of their tattoo collection. The upload came without a caption, but Sam’s fans and friends were happily filling the comments section themselves. ‘I love a midday in the nature reserve fishnet and crystal tank top moment,’ posted RuPaul’s Drag Race star Courtney Act. ‘Let’s talk about these pearls! Where are they from??!’ asked a fan, while another joked: ‘Sam is 1000% Aussie now. We have now adopted Sam and you can’t change our minds.’ The singer is playing a special date at d’Arenberg Cube this Wednesday, ahead of new album Gloria’s release on January 27 and a world tour that kicks off in Sheffield in April. Sam previously revealed that they considered themselves ‘addicted’ to body art, with more than 35 separate inkings on their body. Speaking to Roman Kemp at the Jingle Bell Ball last month, Sam explained: ‘I’ve been going onto the torso… It was intense, but it was good. We were listening to loads of pop music and it was fun and we had a good time.’ ‘I was just eating Cheetos, just getting into the mood,’ Sam said of a recent inking session. After Roman asked what they had tattooed on their body now, Sam replied: ‘It says “romance” on my belly. And then my anchor on my chest. I’m addicted now. I’m like 35-plus tattoos.’ View Post In 2021, Sam appeared to get a tattoo that reflected their gender identity after coming out as non-binary in 2019 and explaining that they were changing their pronouns to they/them after ‘a lifetime of being at war with my gender’. The cute photo session at Cleland Wildlife Park near Adelaide, South Australia, followed on from a slew of fun photos Sam has been sharing of their time abroad. Ahead of ringing in the New Year, the performer was spotted rocking tiny denim shorts and a bright yellow T-shirt for a definite sunshine vibe as they strolled down Sydney’s Oxford Street, a beloved spot known for its LGBTQ+ clubs and bars. On Christmas Day they also celebrated the festive occasion by donning a pair of leopard-print bikini bottoms for a dip in the ocean. This all comes after Sam announced they had finally ‘learned to be confident’ in their skin. The Stay With Me singer told British GQ: ‘Over the last few years, as I’ve become confident in my skin, I’ve got loads of wonderful romantic attention. ‘It’s been incredible. I’m so open to it. And I know what I want, and I know who I am and I’m excited for that.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Winslet proves herself to be an actual angel as she warmly encourages young journalist during her first-ever interview MORE : Rooney Mara says she almost quit acting after ‘not a great experience’ starring in A Nightmare on Elm Street reboot 