Ruth Langsford hilariously revealed what her husband Eamonn Holmes does to ensure the couple will have sex, shocking her Loose Women co-stars. The 62-year-old fronted Wednesday’s episode of the ITV daytime show when the panel discussed how a woman had put a sex ban on her husband because she wanted a new kitchen. While her fellow panellists – Franke Bridge, 33, Carol McGiffin, 62, and Kelle Bryan, 47 – all agreed a ban on making love wouldn’t work in their relationships, Ruth admitted there is one thing her other half will do to ensure he does get sex. She said: ‘You can have all the compliments and the flowers but then, if Eamonn comes home and has used my car and he goes, “Filled the petrol up and did you washer bottle,” I’m like, “Get upstairs right now.”‘ Frankie, Carol, Kelle and the studio audience all burst into fits of laughter as Ruth explained: ‘I hate doing it. ‘Literally, I’ll go round with my petrol light on red, the water bottle empty, smeared [windscreen], I’m like, “Oh I can’t stop and do that,” so he’ll do it for me and he knows, he knows. ‘Everyone’s got their little trick,’ she finished. Elsewhere on the show, Ruth and the panel slammed Prime Minister Rishi Sunak’s plans to make maths mandatory for pupils under the age of 18. Ruth said: ‘I was surprised when I saw this this morning. I thought, “Really? That’s your first speech of this year?” And I’m not saying it’s not important but, right now, I don’t care about it. ‘Right now, we care about the NHS, we care about strikes, we care about the cost of living,’ she continued as the studio audience clapped in agreement. Carol also ripped into 42-year-old Sunak’s decision to make it a priority, saying: ‘As many people have already said, it’s not really top of the agenda when you consider what else that is going on in the world. ‘It’s knocked everything else off the front pages and it’s just like it’s the most important and revolutionary thing, but I remember Tony Blair giving it the old “education, education, education” back then, which was years ago and still nothing’s changed seeing as the government are saying that 60% of pupils are leaving school with hardly any maths education whatsoever.’ She continued: ‘Now, the point is, take away the fact that it’s a massive distraction from everything that is really important and super bad that’s going on at the moment, what would be the point? That’s what I would like to know. ‘When I was at school, some kids were good at maths and could do maths. I was really good at maths, it’s the only thing I was good at. But there were some kids who just couldn’t grasp it, they just couldn’t do it and I don’t know what forcing kids to stay on for another two years learning maths is going to do. ‘All it’s going to do is waste their time when they could be learning more about something they enjoy or are good at.’ Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV1 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Piper sparks Ofcom complaints after reaction to ‘goth baby’ on Loose Women MORE : Loose Women presenter Kaye Adams to get first tattoo aged 60, in tribute to mum 