Joss Stone wants to move back to the UK from the States – and she’s setting her sights on one area in particular. The 35-year-old singer relocated to Nashville, Tennesee, with her partner Cody DaLuz – the father of her children Violet, 23 months, and Shackleton, four months – in 2020. But now, she’s planning to go back home to Devon in time for her kids to go to school, because she wanted them to have a similar upbringing to hers. ‘We’ll move home to Devon in time for Violet to go to school,’ she began. ‘I want my kids to have the kind of upbringing I did — riding horses, climbing trees and being near my family. I hope Cody likes it over there.’ Joss’ plans might come as a surprise to fans, given that there was a plot to kill her there just over a decade ago. In 2011, two men were convicted of plotting to rob and kill Joss in Devon, and were sentenced in 2013. Kevin Liverpool was initially jailed for life, with his accomplice Junior Bradshaw sentenced to 18 years behind bars, but both men later had their sentences cut. Reflecting back on the terrifying ordeal, Joss has said she can see a ‘blessing’ in what happened because it has made her much more aware of taking measures to stay safe. ‘What happened to me in 2011 has made me lock my doors and have an alarm system, whereas I didn’t before,’ she admitted. ‘Cody’s so mellow — he says, “Oh, we don’t need to worry about that,” and I’m, like, “Well, you know, people do sometimes try to kill you.” Then he says, “Oh yeah, that small thing.” ‘That’s not a positive thought, so it does make you safety conscious. ‘Although that’s another blessing, isn’t it? Because I wasn’t before and now I am.’ In her new life out in Nashville, Joss feels ‘so much safer’ as she knows those men are not anywhere near her. Her partner also previously worked in security, so she reckons he’s ‘the best person to have around.’ The Super Duper Love hitmaker enjoys a ‘slower’ pace of life now she’s a parent and she’s thankful having children has given her an ‘excuse’ to ease her busy schedule She told the Sunday Times magazine: ‘Having kids makes you go slower. It’s given me this wonderful excuse not to cram my schedule. Touring isdifferent now. ‘We always go by bus and travel at night, when the kids are asleep. I don’t know how it’s going to go with two of them because Cody’s working as well. We don’t want to enlist help but we might have to.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield among stars putting pants on their heads for 4-year-old boy with cancer MORE : Sam Smith proud to finally have the ‘opposite’ of body dysmorphia: ‘I look fabulous’ 