Prince Harry joined forced with Hollywood royalty Tom Hanks in a royal skit during his appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. The Duke, 38, has been dominating the headlines after promoting his latest memoir Spare, which has already become the UK’s fastest-selling non-fiction book ever, with 400,000 copies sold so far. Before his sit-down with the talk show host began, Prince Harry engaged in a comedy sketch which saw Stephen playfully saluting with two trumpeters by his side. Prince Harry later rushed round the corner and appeared taken aback by the elaborate welcome. ‘Whoah, whoah, whoah, stop Stephen, not needed but thank you. I appreciate it,’ he enthused. Wasting no time to humble the Prince, Stephen quipped: ‘What are you talking about? This isn’t for you, get out of the way, he’s coming!’ Cue in Forrest Gump megastar and national treasure Mr Hanks! ‘I’m back,’ the 66-year-old enthused. Prince Harry later provided Tom with the royal treatment by showering him with rose petals. Because, why not! When he wasn’t downing tequila, the Prince discussed the bombshells in his latest memoir. For the first time, Prince Harry discussed the number of Taliban fighters he personally killed during his military service. He says that in the heat of combat he did not think of the 25 as ‘people’ but instead as ‘chess pieces’ that had been taken off the board. The 38-year-old told Stephen it had been ‘hurtful and challenging’ watching the reactions following the book’s publication. ‘Without a doubt, the most dangerous lie that they have told, is that I somehow boasted about the number of people that I killed in Afghanistan,’ Harry said on The Late Show. He noted the context in which the reference appeared in the book, before saying: “I should say, if I heard any one boasting about that kind of thing, I would be angry. But it’s a lie. ‘And hopefully now that the book is out, people will be able to see the context. ‘My words are not dangerous, but the spin of my words are very dangerous.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Good Morning Britain’s Richard Madeley defends Prince Harry after Taliban comments: ‘He’s not boasting’ MORE : Prince Harry blasts ‘b******s’ Cameron Diaz dating rumours in Spare: ‘I was never within 50 metres of her’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 