Batgirl actress Leslie Grace has given us a glimpse at what we could’ve had. The 27-year-old star was set to play the lead in the DC flick, with directors Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah at the helm. Well, she did play the lead, except Warner Bros. abruptly scrapped the film despite its $80million (£66m) budget in August, as part of a cost-saving move under David Zaslav’s new regime. Fans were, understandably, both devastated and angry following the shock move, with the directors also later admitting they were ‘traumatised’ upon hearing the crushing news. However, Leslie has proven herself to be a woman of the people and has given fans a look at the film they were supposed to have, had the DC Extended Universe project made it to the silver screen. Sharing a round-up of 2022, the singer-songwriter put together a montage of pictures of her life over the last 12 months, many of which were snaps from the set of Batgirl. Leslie showed her followers her purple costume in all its glory, as well as snaps from scenes with other actors. The photos from her camera roll show her larking around on set with her colleagues, enjoying food in her trailer while still in full Batgirl regalia, and posing on a trampoline for a never-seen promo shoot. Leslie captioned her video: ‘thank u for teachin’ me, 2022. you were singular in many ways that will stay with me. my gratitude and love for life is much deeper thanks to the experiences you brought me. i take your lessons with me as we part.’ Naturally, fans flocked to the comments to mourn the loss of Batgirl and to send their love to the star. ‘So wish we could have seen Batgirl. Happy new year, hope 2023 will give you another opportunity to play her again!’, one fan commented. In love with the costume, another penned: ‘I love the upgraded suit. So sleek and modern, as well as comic accurate. I hope we get to see you as Batgirl one day’. But despite fans’ hopes that Batgirl might get its time to shine one day, the directors have sadly confirmed that the movie will never be released. Speaking to Deadline at the Red Sea International Film Festival last year, they said they both went through ‘all the emotions’ after learning their film wouldn’t see the light of day. ‘I was not done yet – far from it,’ said Adil, clarifying that just one round of edits had been finished. ‘There was still a lot of work to be done but they just said it was financial decisions and so that’s that and the movie can never be released.’ When announcing that Batgirl would not be taken forward to release earlier last year, a spokesperson said: ‘The decision to not release Batgirl reflects our leadership’s strategic shift as it relates to the DC universe and HBO Max. Leslie Grace is an incredibly talented actor and this decision is not a reflection of her performance. ‘We are incredibly grateful to the filmmakers of Batgirl and Scoob! Holiday Haunt and their respective casts and we hope to collaborate with everyone again in the near future.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : 1899 axed by Netflix after just one season and fans are fuming: ‘I already hate this year’ MORE : Brad Pitt ‘rings in New Year with girlfriend Ines de Ramon’ on swanky Mexico getaway  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 