Wimbledon legend Martina Navratilova has vowed to ‘fight with all I’ve got’ after being diagnosed with throat and breast cancer. Navratilova, 66, says she was diagnosed after discovering an enlarged lymph node in her neck in November. During tests, a suspicious form was then found in her breast. The American-Czech star is widely considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time, having won a record nine Wimbledon singles titles and finishing her career with 31 Grand Slam titles. ‘This double whammy is serious but still fixable,’ she told The Times. ‘I’m hoping for a favourable outcome. It’s going to stink for a while but I’ll fight with all I have got.’ Navratilova’s diagnosis comes 13 years after she was given the all-clear from breast cancer after undergoing surgery and six-weeks of radiation treatment. The former world number one was due to work at this month’s Australian Open as a TV pundit but will no longer travel to Melbourne as she begins treatment. A statement from her representative said: ‘Martina Navratilova has been diagnosed with stage one throat cancer. The prognosis is good and Martina will start her treatment this month. ‘The cancer type is HPV and this particular type responds really well to treatment. Martina noticed an enlarged lymph node in her neck during the WTA finals in Fort Worth. When it didn’t go down, a biopsy was performed, the results came back as stage one throat cancer. ‘At the same time as Martina was undergoing the tests for the throat, a suspicious form was found in her breast, which was subsequently diagnosed as cancer, completely unrelated to the throat cancer. ‘Both these cancers are in their early stages with great outcomes. Martina won’t be covering the Australian Open for Tennis Channel from their studio but hopes to be able to join in from time to time by Zoom.’ Navratilova dominated women’s tennis in the 1980s, winning 18 Grand Slam singles titles and a record nine at Wimbledon. She was also prolific in doubles, winning a further 31 major titles, including a calendar grand slam in 1984. Navratilova’s Wimbledon heroics were due to be recognised last summer during the 100th anniversary celebrations of Centre Court but she was forced into isolation on the morning of the ceremony after testing positive for Covid-19. Her extraordinary playing career spanned four decades and since retiring in 2006, Navratilova has become a respected pundit, covering tournaments around the world. MORE : Wimbledon set to lift ban on Russian and Belarusian players next summer MORE : What to expect from tennis in 2023 as Novak Djokovic eyes GOAT status For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 