The ice between Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis appears to have thawed after a tense year, with the former couple spotted sharing a hug as they met up over the weekend. Don’t Worry Darling director Olivia split from Ted Lasso star Jason at the end of 2020 after nine years together. They share two children – Otis, eight, and Daisy, five – but had been locked in a bitter custody battle which famously saw Olivia served with court papers during a public appearance. However, it seems the Hollywood stars have been able to put their differences aside and are on better terms these days. On Friday afternoon, Olivia, 38, and Jason, 47, were pictured together for the first time in months leaving a meeting in Hollywood. The two stopped for a quick chat as they strolled towards their cars and seemed in good spirits. In what will be a surprise for those who have followed their contentious split, they then shared a warm hug as they prepared to part ways and Jason was even seen smiling. Both dressed casually with Olivia in a bright yellow jumper, jeans and yellow Adidas trainers, while Jason wore a grey hoodie, blue trousers and trainers with a cap. It comes after reports in August that former OC actress Olivia won the custody battle with a judge ruling that their children will live in California. Since the break-up, Otis and Daisy had been splitting their time between Los Angeles, New York and London due to their parents’ busy work schedules meaning they were flitting around the globe. The stars had been locked in a court battle over where their children would officially reside and Jason served Olivia with papers on stage in April during a panel at Comic Con. Jason had wanted the children to call New York home rather than LA, which was denied by the judge last summer. In court documents, Olivia said her former fiance had served the documents ‘in the most aggressive way possible’ and claimed he had intended to ’embarrass’ her by having them delivered so publicly. She added in the papers: ‘Jason’s actions were clearly intended to threaten me and catch me off guard. ‘He could have served me discreetly, but instead he chose to serve me in the most aggressive manner possible. ‘The fact that Jason would embarrass me professionally and put our personal conflict on public display in this manner is extremely contrary to our children’s best interests. ‘Since Jason has made it clear that we will not be able to work this out for our children’s sake outside of the court system, I filed a petition for custody in Los Angeles.’ In September, Olivia opened up about the impact of the split on the children and how transparent she has been with them. Speaking on the Kelly Clarkson show, she explained: ‘It’s allowed for some really deep conversations with my kids about emotions and about happiness and about what family means and love. ‘It’s actually allowed me to get to know them in a different way… My priority is them. That’s what it is. It’s as long as they’re happy and they’re healthy then, my ex and I, we agree on that. They are everything to us.’ Olivia and Jason started dating in 2011 and later got engaged but went their separate ways in 2020. Olivia later began dating Harry Styles, 28, while Jason struck up a romance with Keely Hazell, 35. However, both relationships have since ended. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 