Allison Williams revealed that she was called ‘delusional’ for predicting that Get Out would land Oscars nominations. Jordan Peele’s widely acclaimed 2017 debut, which also starred Daniel Kaluuya, LaKeith Stanfield and Bradley Whitford, focused on Chris Washington, a young Black man who travels to visit his girlfriend’s parents over a weekend at their remote home. However, an uncomfortable Chris soon uncovers shocking secrets concerning her family and their friends, and their history. The psychological horror was loved by critics and fans when it was released, and went on to take home a string of awards. It fared particularly well at the Oscars, netting four Academy Award nominations – including best film, best director and best actor – with Jordan winning for best original screenplay. Allison, who is set to appear in M3GAN, opened up about the success of Get Out, admitting that her publicist wasn’t quite as convinced. ‘Before I left to film it, I told my publicist that I thought it would be nominated for Oscars,’ she told Entertainment Weekly. ‘She was like, this girl is delusional. Who says that? What kind of pompous weirdo goes to film a movie and is like, this film I have picked will be nominated for Oscars. ‘Then, much to her shock, I happened to be right.’ ‘[My abiding memory is] just joy, honestly,’ she added of filming. ‘We shot Get Out really quickly. My memories are less about the shooting moments than it is about the afternoons and weekends we spent. ‘Everyone would kind of descend on this house that I rented and we would all hang out and talk. I have such happy memories of that experience. It was so full-on, and exhausting, and overwhelming, and rewarding. It was just great. I don’t have a bad word to say about it.’ The Girls star is set to return to the big screen in M3GAN, which follows a killer doll that becomes overprotective of a young girl. Director Gerard Johnstone spoke of having to tone down some scenes in the horror, to ensure a PG-13 rating – which actually made it scarier. ‘It seemed a mistake not to embrace it. I even remember thinking early on, “This could be PG-13, and some of my favourite films like Drag Me to Hell are PG-13.” So we made the decision to go PG-13 and actually reshot a couple of things,’ he told Total Film magazine. ‘What I was really stoked about is that when we reshot those scenes, they were more effective. It’s like, “Yes, you do have to cut away at certain times”, but it’s fun having to rely on sound and suggestion so much,’ he pointed out. ‘I remember turning to my sound designer after a re-do and just saying, “Holy s**t, that’s worse.” We were trying to get this PG-13 rating and I was like, “That is so much worse than what we had before.”’ We might have to watch this one from behind a cushion… Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield make a dazzling return to the rink in new Dancing on Ice 2023 snaps MORE : Waterloo Road fans horrified as show favourite Chlo Grainger dies in first episode back  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 