Frank Lampard insists he remains ‘very confident’ in his managerial ability and is not giving thought to speculation he will be sacked by Everton following a humbling Premier League defeat to Brighton. Brighton scored three goals in six second-half minutes on their way to winning 4-1 at Goodison Park and piling more pressure on former Chelsea and England midfielder Lampard. The final whistle was greeted by boos from the home fans that remained in the ground, with Everton now winning just one of their last 10 league games. Everton will drop into the relegation zone if results go against them later this week but Lampard said it would be foolish to obsess about the speculation over his future at the club. ‘It was very disappointing, even in the first half, I would say,’ Lampard told Sky Sports. ‘It was a mistake from us for their goal, but I think general play was pretty even, we had our chances. ‘But then three goals in six minutes, defensive mistakes from us and that finishes the game. After that, the game becomes a bit in-between. ‘We get our late goal, but at 4-0 the game’s done. Those six minutes were completely pivotal to the game with individual mistakes and collective defending issues. ‘We’re all in it together, so it’s not a question of anger. We’re disappointed, we want to win games. ‘Since I’ve been here I’ve been in a relegation battle [both last season and this season]. I can’t control the talk but I don’t focus on it. ‘I’m very confident in myself but I can’t predict the future. It’s Manchester United [in the FA Cup] next and that’s all we can look at.’ Everton clinched a morale-boosting point at defending champions Manchester City at the weekend but fell apart against Brighton. Asked about the pressure he now faces, Lampard added: ‘You have to get used to the fact you’re not going to win every week, you’re not going to win games, so we have to get back to the work – simple as that. ‘I’m a Premier League football manager, there’s pressure in the job wherever you are. There’s always expectation, parameters, things that you want to get to. There’s constant pressure. I can only focus on what I can control.’ While Everton remain 16th in the Premier League – one point above the relegation zone – Brighton’s win sees them climb to eighth. Seagulls boss Roberto de Zerbi: ‘I didn’t like the first half but the game was difficult because Everton is always a good team. In the second half we played better. We played well. ‘There were some problems in the first half. We have to improve. I am happy for the result for sure but I am honest. We have a lot of space to improve. ‘The players were fantastic in the second half. I have to analyse the performance not only the result. 4-1 was a fantastic game but I have to be honest and clear with my players.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag responds to Man Utd title talk after Bournemouth win MORE : Alan Shearer slams ‘disrespectful’ Mikel Arteta after Arsenal draw For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 