Jason Manford aims to hit all the right notes by potentially penning a musical – perhaps it could be called Funny Guy. In an exclusive interview with Guilty Pleasures, the comedian teased that he is making a real song and dance of a future project. ‘Maybe I’ll write my own musical. I’ve got a couple of things bubbling away. I’m writing with some friends, and so it’s just a case of getting ‘em up on their feet and seeing how it goes,’ he said. ‘I love being part of a cast and crew. I really enjoy that part of a musical. As a stand-up, it’s quite a lonely job, you’re by yourself quite a lot.’ Fans have already seen Jason, 41, tread the boards in The Producers, Sweeney Todd and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, as madcap inventor Caractacus Potts – and in the latter production, he recalled things going more than a bitty bitty wrong. ‘I remember [singing] Hushabye Mountain, and halfway through thinking, “I don’t know what’s going on, where I am, what the words are,”‘ he sighed, adding: ‘The feeling in your stomach, it’s like an electric shock through your body.’ Fingers crossed, it’ll be plain sailing when Jason hosts The National Lottery’s Big Night of Musicals, featuring an array of your favourite West End hits, at the AO Arena in Manchester on February 27. Tickets are available from 10am today, with 12,000 available free to National Lottery players on a first-come, first-served basis. As for folk who say they can’t stand musicals, the funnyman insists it is simply a matter of them not watching the right ones. ‘My dad was like that. Then he went to Jersey Boys, and now he loves musicals. Either, you’ve not been for years, or you went to see some am-dram production of Starlight Express, and it didn’t tickle your fancy,’ he chuckled. Jason will also soon be embarking on his stand-up tour – and has pleaded with hecklers to behave themselves. ‘Part of my persona is that I’m a friendly person, so people are generally friendly to me, [but] it was hard coming out of lockdown. I think people’s behaviour was all over the place if I’m honest. People forgot how to behave in public for some reason,’ he exclaimed. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.