This is the moment a unit of Russian soldiers were blown up by a powerful weapon in Ukraine. Footage shows Putin’s fighters walking through a field full of detonated mines and gathering to speak before one group is hit. The weapon is quickly fired on two other groups and then the video shows several wounded troops lying on the ground. Their comrades can be seen running to save them but the weapon is blasted multiple times again while they are being carried away. The clip was posted by a ‘media personality’ account which reports on the war in Ukraine. The user, who says they were forced to flee from their hometown in Kherson, believes the missile the Ukrainians were using was the ‘death ray’. This is the nickname for an anti-tank missile shooter officially called the Stugna-P, which can accurately locate targets and puncture armour up to 800mm. While the West has stepped up its support for Ukraine this year, there are still widespread fears about the consequences if Russia loses. One of the Kremlin’s top propagandists, Margarita Simonyan, warned the world that Putin will unleash ‘World War Three’ if Ukraine wins the conflict. The prominent figure, who is paid almost £500,000 a year to run the RT state media empire, was responding to the news about western nations sending tanks to Ukraine. She said: ‘If you want to live, give up. And this would all stop within a moment. And this is exactly how it will end up, sooner or later. ‘The outcome of this battle is crystal clear. It will be either our victory – or the nuclear Third World War.’ This is far from the first time the western world has faced threats of serious escalation from Moscow. Boris Johnson revealed Putin threatened to kill him last February, just days before Russian troops invaded Ukraine. The Russian president allegedly said: ‘I don’t want to hurt you, but with a missile, it would only take a minute.’ The ‘extraordinary’ conversation followed a visit the former PM had made to Kyiv in a last-ditch effort to avert the war. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.