We might be sitting at home wishing winter away, but the latest batch of Love Island contestants are pulling their bikinis and trunks out as we get a first look of the new winter season in South Africa. The ninth season of the show will introduce a new group of Islanders hoping to not only find a connection, but potentially take home the £50,000 prize. Now, the first look trailer for the 2023 series has been released with new host Maya Jama, and it promises plenty in store for audiences. While we still don’t know who the new contestants will be, ITV has teased that it’s nearly time to get invested in another season of what is sure to have plenty of ups and downs. In the trailer, Maya – who has taken over from Laura Whitmore – is seen on a velvet bejewelled bucking bronco as she tells viewers: ‘It’s time to grab love by the horns. I am ready, are you?’ Sharing the trailer on Twitter, ITV wrote that ‘it’s about to get hotter up in 2023’. For those wandering where her eye-catching outfit is from too, Maya is wearing the Celestial Jumpsuit from Clio Peppiatt, which retails for a cool £2,850. Once they arrive in South Africa and the cameras start rolling, Islanders will be relaxing in a luxurious villa named Ludus Magnus, which reportedly costs £1.2million and includes an Olympic training pool, a 400m running track, a state-of-the-art rugby field, and a zip line. The property, which is aptly named after Rome’s ancient gladiator school, also has access to a private lake, which has its very own Love Island, beach, and palm trees. Casa Amor could be extra scandalous this time around as the second villa will be just metres away from the main villa too, meaning contestants will be in earshot of any mischief. All in all, the impressive estate boasts of 17 bedrooms across 25 acres in a wine valley near the country’s capital city, Cape Town. According to insiders, the network will be splurging £8,000 a day to have exclusive use of the eco-retreat Irish TV presenter Laura, 37, announced in August after the recent series ended that she would be stepping down after taking over as host from the late Caroline Flack. The last season, which saw Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu take home the top prize, amassed record-breaking viewing figures, becoming the most-watched series ever on ITV Hub, recording over 269 million streams. The full trailer for Winter Love Island will be shown during tonight’s broadcast of the James Bond film No Time To Die on ITV. Love Island returns this January on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury enjoy night out to celebrate New Year ahead of welcoming first child MORE : Love Island’s Tasha Ghouri in tears as boyfriend Andrew Le Page surprises her with promise ring – and he hints it ‘won’t be long’ until he proposes 