How did the universe start? Is there life after death? Where should you store your eggs? Where exactly you should keep your eggs seems to be one of life’s unanswerable questions. In the fridge – or out? The world is divided. Here in the UK, shoppers will find them on a supermarket shelf – often hidden amongst the baking items. But hop over to the other side of the Atlantic, and Americans keep them in the fridge. And now, celebrity chef James Martin has thrown his hat into the ring (or frying pan?) to add his expert opinion. Whilst appearing on This Morning with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield, James shared his controversial advice. He explained that ‘all eggs are porous’, which is the reason ‘why you never put eggs in the fridge’ – the eggs end up ‘absorbing all the flavours from the fridge’ due to the texture of the shell. But is James right? Well, according to egg-perts at the British Egg Information Service, no, he isn’t. The egg experts say: ‘Best practice is to store eggs in the fridge; that way the temperature is always at a constant and your eggs will be fresher!’ They did introduce some caveats though. They say that, ‘for optimum quality and safety, you want to make sure your eggs are kept at a steady temperature below 20°C.’ So technically, if you have somewhere cool enough – that’s not the fridge – that’s okay too. The experts add: ‘If you have a cool pantry that doesn’t heat up when the kitchen temperature rises, that’s fine for storing eggs’ But your average cupboard or work surface is a big no no. They said: ‘Whilst a regular kitchen cupboard may seem a relatively constant environment, temperatures can still fluctuate when you’re cooking things that produce a lot of heat or steam.’ Weirdly, you can also freeze eggs. ‘Just make sure that you beat the egg together before freezing and definitely don’t try and freeze a shelled egg,’ said the experts. So there you have it, you can rest easy tonight knowing you finally know the answer: keep your eggs in the fridge. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : We tried the new Magic Coffee at M&S – here’s our verdict MORE : ‘I accidently married my cousin’: Couple realise they’re related when looking for a baby name