Hailey Bieber could rely on the support of her popstar husband Justin Bieber as the pair were snapped cuddling amid news surrounding her uncle Alec Baldwin. The model appeared sombre as she processed the decision that meant Alec would be charged with involuntary manslaughter of Rust cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. Caught sharing an emotional hug, the 26-year-old model gripped her husband, 28, in Los Angeles this week after the findings were announced. Dressed in a bright green Drew hoodie and bare legs, the beauty wrapped her arms around Justin before pulling away and hiding behind dark sunglasses. The famous couple were spotted on the corner of the street with a friend in tow as they shared a tender moment. Justin donned an oversized grey hoodie, wide-legged cargo pants and a purple beanie as he listened intently to his wife. Slicking back her hair in her signature clean-cut style, the star then parted ways with her hitmaker spouse and walked in the opposite direction, shoving her hands into the front of her sweatshirt. Hailey chose to remain silent when it came to her uncle’s legal woes but instead took to Instagram to promote her skincare brand, Rhode. The sighting came after news broke that 64 -year-old Alec – alongside armourer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed, 25 – would be charged with involuntary manslaughter. Alec accidentally shot the 42-year-old cinematographer dead on the set of the film Rust in New Mexico and the decision to charge was delivered 15 months after the tragedy took place. Condemning the court’s answer to the case, Alec’s attorney Luka Nikas slammed the decision claiming it ‘distorts Halyna Hutchins’ tragic death’. In a plea to rescue his client, the legal professional also revisited previous protestations made by the actor that reiterated the fact that the actor’s colleagues had ‘assured him the gun did not have live rounds.’ The lawyer’s parting words stated: ‘We will fight these charges, and we will win.’ However, the New Mexico First Judicial District Attorney – Mary Carmack-Altwies – promised everyone that Alec would not get ‘a free pass’. Metro.co.uk contacted Hailey’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gwyneth Paltrow approves of Hailey Bieber’s ‘nepo baby’ T-shirt MORE : Justin Bieber gets suitably soppy in birthday tribute to ‘favourite human’ Hailey  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 