Dani Dyer has revealed the twins she’s expecting with her footballer boyfriend Jarrod Bowen will be identical. Dani and Jarrod announced on January 20 that they were expecting twins, but former Love Island star Dani, 26, only confirmed overnight that they aren’t fraternal. What’s more, the soon-to-be mum-of-three shared a hilarious text message exchange between herself and her famous dad, Danny Dyer, that captured his incredible response to the news. When Dani told her EastEnders star dad: ‘We’re having twins,’ he replied: ‘Hold up, are you f*****g joking me?’ His daughter – who already shares one-year-old son Santiago with ex-boyfriend Sammy Kimmence – responded: ‘Dad, I can’t believe it, they missed it on the scan and now it’s come up as identical twins.’ ‘WTF. Oh my f*****g god,’ Danny hilarious fired back. Sharing a photo of herself cradling her bump, Dani also told her 3.6million Instagram followers: ‘Jarrod has twins on this side of the family. However, we’re having identical twins so they don’t run in families.’ ‘Anyone can have them,’ the star added. ‘Which I never knew until we found out.’ Dani announced the news of her pregnancy on social media earlier this month with a series of snaps. In one, Santiago could be seen holding a blackboard showing the words ‘I’m going to be a big brother to twins’. The board also had two scans pinned to it. Alongside the post, Dani wrote: ‘We have been keeping a little secret. Our little TWINS. So excited to meet our babies and watch santi be the best big brother. ‘The biggest surprise of our lives but feeling SO blessed. Our family is getting a lot bigger and we can’t wait.’ Dani shot to fame on the 2018 series of ITV’s hit show Love Island which she won with former partner Jack Fincham. They split up nine months after the show ended. On January 23, 2021, Dani gave birth to Santiago with Sammy, who she dated before she starred on Love Island and later rekindled her romance with after splitting from Jack. Dani later separated again from Santiago’s dad, who was jailed for three and a half years in 2021 for defrauding two pensioners out of more than £34,000. She moved on with Premier League footballer Jarrod, 26, in 2021, having gone Instagram official in December that year. He plays for West Ham United and the England national team, and previously played for Hereford United and Hull City. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: Death horror for Daisy and Hope, terrorist fight, Damon targets Sam MORE : Paris Hilton ‘thrilled’ as she welcomes first child via surrogate in surprise baby announcement 