It’s all about to go down on the latest Love Island, with Olivia Hawkins set to ask Tom Clare point blank about the sneaky kiss he shared with Ellie Spence on the terrace. After Tom’s coupling with Zara Lackenby-Brown came to an end, the footballer insisted to ring girl Olivia that he was committed to giving their potential romance another go, agreeing that actions speak louder than words. Well, if that’s the case, he certainly said a whole lot when he was smooching bombshell Ellie, with both of them agreeing to keep their snog a secret from the rest of the islanders. After Ellie spilled the beans about what they got up to on their rendezvous to Will Young, he in turn told Tanya Mahenga, who then revealed what happened to Zara – who immediately went straight to Olivia so she could be updated on the situation. While Zara and Olivia previously warred over Tom’s affections, it looks like they could now band together to bring him down. Speaking to Olivia after they found her on the terrace, Zara says: ‘I’ve just been told by Tanya that Ellie and Tom kissed.’ ‘Are you joking?’ a shocked Olivia replies, as Tanya provides more information by adding: ‘And guess what? He hasn’t even told the boys.’ Recalling what Tom said to her when they talked about rekindling their relationship, she quipped: ‘“I want to explore it again” my a**, are you serious?’ She added that he actually told her he viewed Ellie ‘as a friend’, despite playing a game of tonsil tennis. So Olivia pulls Tom aside to see whether he’ll fess up, asking him: ‘Do you have anything you want to tell me?’ Let’s see if he’s honest about what went down, or tries to cover up his actions. Meanwhile, the arrival of the latest bombshell (because there have been so many as of late) ​​Samie Elishi puts spanner in the works for both Ron Hall’s relationship with Lana Jenkins, and Kai Fagan’s connection with Tanyel Revan. Having assured Lana he only had eyes for her after taking an interest in Ellie, Ron’s going to admit yet again that he wants to explore his options. He tells her: ‘Samie pulled me for a chat, I do find the girl attractive, she is my type and she is a nice girl so I’m going to get to know her a little bit. ‘I don’t want you to feel like you’re not my main priority, that does not change. If I close myself off completely I’ll never know whether or not you’re the best for me.’ Lana looks away from Ron, with her response yet to be revealed, while Tanyel confesses to Kai that she’s been ‘put off’ by his actions, as she doesn’t feel like she’s his ‘pain priority’. ‘I think I was very insensitive,’ Kai acknowledges, before she adds: ‘Whether you apologise or not I’m not accepting that, I’m too annoyed and I want to have my space.’ Elsewhere, Jessie Wynter and Will are heading out on a romantic date, while the islanders are rocked by a text telling them to head to the firepit. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star ‘dumped from villa’ in shock exit amid Tom Clare and Ellie Spence drama MORE : Love Island thrown into chaos after ‘nasty stomach bug’ sweeps through villa 