Terminator star Earl Boen has died at the age of 81, according to reports. The actor is believed to have died on Thursday (January 5) while in Hawaii, which comes after he was diagnosed with lung cancer in the autumn of 2022. A family member confirmed sad the news of his death to TMZ. The retired film, TV and voice actor was best known for playing criminal psychologist Dr. Peter Silberman in The Terminator, Terminator 2: Judgment Day, Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines and Terminator: Dark Fate. He is the only actor besides Arnold Schwarzenegger to appear in each of the first three Terminator films. His other film credits include 9 to 5, Living in Peril, The Prince, Sioux City, Marked for Death, and My Stepmother Is an Alien. Boen also starred in To Be or Not to Be, Movers & Shakers, Stewardess School and Walk Like a Man. He retired from screen acting in 2003, but the New York-born star remained active with his voice over roles in film, TV and also video games. He voiced characters such as Mr. Bleakman in Clifford the Big Red Dog, Police Chief Kanifky in Bonkers, the Narrator in World of Warcraft, Señor Senior, Senior in Kim Possible, and Captain LeChuck in the Monkey Island series. In 2017, he officially retired from all acting. His first wife, Carole Kean, whom he married in 1970, died in 2001 from ovarian cancer at the age of 58. The late star is now survived by second wife Cathy, his stepdaughter Ruby, and his grandchildren Kimmy Abaricia and Kimo Harbin. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Hanks has no time for people suggesting his children’s success in acting is down to nepotism MORE : Andy Cohen speaks out after Lisa Rinna confirms Real Housewives of Beverly Hills exit   You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 