A Love Island worker has revealed the villa is usually an ‘absolute tip’, with ‘used tampons’ left around in a previous series. It’s no secret that the Love Island toilets and showers aren’t the most glamorous, with previous contestants having spoken about how disgusting they can get – especially considering the ratio of contestants to toilets. But now, a source has revealed just how disgusting things actually get. ‘The villa is an absolute tip. It stinks apparently and it’s just a mess,’ they said. The insider continued to The Daily Star: ‘The runners have to clean up after all of them and they say it’s absolutely disgusting.’ They added: ‘One person was telling me that they went in the villa once and there was a tampon on the floor – a used tampon all over the floor and they had to clean that up. ‘They just don’t care, it’s almost like festival toilets.’ This comes after last season’s contestant Jay Younger spoke about just how unglamorous the villa actually gets. ‘Yeah, there were only two showers in the whole villa,’ he said. ‘The toilets were absolutely rank, they were rancid.’ He continued: ‘Just imagine 18 people at the peak of Casa Amor and only three bathrooms. It was really nasty.’ Jay’s comments back up reports from Metro.co.uk’s TV editor, who visited the last villa over summer. ‘I don’t know why I was expecting the toilet to be given the same garish treatment as the rest of the villa,’ he said at the time. ‘When I rushed inside to see the secret toilet that never makes it to air, it was an anti-climax, to say the least.’ Back in South Africa for the second winter series, the Love Island contestants – including the likes of Kai Fagan and Olivia Hawkins – are looking for love in the 25-acre estate of Ludus Magnus in Franschhoek, near Cape Town. The villa includes a huge swimming pool at the heart of the outside area, positioned near an outside kitchen area. There’s also a gym, of course, and the hideaway returns for those, shall we say, more intimate moments. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Love Island for comment. Love Island continues on Sunday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dumped Love Island 2023 star Haris Namani ‘was seeing someone when he entered villa’ MORE : Love Island’s Priya Gopaldas slams ITV reality show’s diversity record: ‘It’s left me feeling disappointed’ 