‘Just remember that you are the prize, always.’ That’s the phrase American model Lori Harvey claims is her ‘golden slogan’ – especially when it comes to relationships – but her conviction in herself and dating history has ruffled some men. Why, you ask? Because how can a woman who has had multiple romantic relationships – with the likes of Trey Songz, P Diddy, and even being engaged to Dutch football player Memphis Depay – be allowed to explore her options when, according to some men, women are apparently supposed to keep their body count low and be ‘wives-in-training’? If anything, Lori’s favourite motto and how many people she chooses to go out with should serve as a reminder for women to feel liberated in every aspect of their lives. This knee jerk reaction from men just exposes the toxic double standards placed on us about dating. In recent years, there’s been an intense microscope into her romantic life, but it’s not just the number of romantic interests that has men in a tizzy, it’s the celebrity roster itself. For context, the American model and socialite – who is the adoptive daughter of US talk show host Steve Harvey – recently confirmed her relationship with Snowfall actor Damson Idris, six months after her previous relationship with Michael B Jordan. While her supporters offered their congratulations after she seemingly made their relationship Insta-official earlier this week, the dark side of the Twittersphere reared its ugly head – believing the 26-year-old has already ‘moved on to the next man.’ Some men claimed she’s a ‘relationship h*e’ that moves within the circles of Hollywood’s most eligible bachelors. One on Twitter said: ‘Damson Idris could have literally any woman in the world but gets with the one who’s going to leave him before Summer ‘23’, while another joked: ‘Lori Harvey get a new man every five business days’. But where’s that same energy for male celebrities who are seemingly in and out of relationships? In comparison to Pete Davison – who is only around three years older than Lori – men will marvel in awe that he could pull the likes of Ariana Grande and Kim Kardashian, while Lori is dubbed a ‘pass around’. In the last five years, the former SNL comic has also reportedly been in high-profile relationships with Phoebe Dynevor and Kate Beckinsale. A curious few questioned what it was about the 29-year-old that had these A-list women lining up. Is he a good listener, did Ariana’s ‘big d**k energy’ comment in her thank u, next video spark mass intrigue? Someone like Pete is somewhat idolised for jumping from famous gal to gal, but Lori getting into a new relationship, around six months after her previous one ended – how dare she! The negative surveillance on Lori leaves me scratching my head, because it’s the same critics who’ll be high-fiving and fist-bumping Pete Davidson’s lothario antics, which proves the outdated notion that women can’t date freely without men tutting. What makes this even more infuriating is I believe Lori approaches romance the same way most women in their mid-twenties do – fun, open and honestly. I mean the only difference is while she’s posing on the red carpet with someone like Michael B Jordan, we’re enjoying our date nights at Las Iguanas during Happy Hour. Another successful figure in the industry that who can attest to the toxic double standards  is Taylor Swift. Despite having a string of musical accolades under her belt, when it came to her dating life, multi-record breaker Taylor – who has been in relationships with Harry Styles, Jake Gyllenhaal, Joe Jonas and Tom Hiddleston – admitted that she became the ‘national lighting rod for slut-shaming’ in her early twenties. Taylor then channelled the neurotic, boy-crazy woman that society painted her as in her 2014 Blank Space music video. A visual masterpiece with a subtle f**k you the critics, that’s how you do it! Similarly to Taylor, Lori is someone with a business-savvy mindset, but the weird interest in who she’s sleeping next to seems to take precedence over everything else she’s achieved. I’m not naïve, I know double standards between men and women exist – and I’m not totally convinced it will ever go away completely – but people questioning a woman’s right to explore love in the year 2023 is something I find deeply concerning. It just proves that sexism is very much alive. If Lori Harvey chooses to date the way that she does, she’s completely entitled to do so without men shaming her for it, or, choosing the more embarrassing option: whinging about it on Twitter. So, on behalf of women everywhere, let us date who we want in peace. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : If a woman had the same dating history as Leonardo DiCaprio, no one would be laughing MORE : Michael B Jordan ‘strikes up new relationship’ with British model Amber Jepson months after split from Lori Harvey MORE : The most unexpected and wonderful celebrity couples ever – from Madonna and Tupac to Sinitta and Brad Pitt  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 