Former Sex Pistols star John Lydon is competing to represent Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 – yes, really. Public Image Ltd have announced their bid to sing for the country with a previously unheard song titled Hawaii, which is dedicated to his Lydon’s wife Nora, who has Alzheimer’s. Lydon, 66, will be joined by his punk bandmates Lu Edmonds, Scott Firth and Bruce Smith. Explaining the meaning behind their tune, Lydon shared: ‘It is dedicated to everyone going through tough times on the journey of life, with the person they care for the most. ‘It’s also a message of hope that ultimately love conquers all.’ Lydon was the lead singer of the late-1970s punk band the Sex Pistols from 1975 until 1978, later fronting the band for various revivals during the 1990s and 2000s. Public Image Ltd formed in London in 1978, with the first line-up of the band including bassist Jah Wobble and former Clash guitarist Keith Levene. In 1987, a new line-up was formed consisting of Lydon, former Siouxsie and the Banshees guitarist John McGeoch, Allan Dias on bass guitar in addition to drummer Smith and Edmunds. Lydon, Dias and McGeoch were joined by Curt Bisquera on drums and Gregg Arreguin on rhythm guitar for the album That What Is Not, which featured the Tower of Power horns on two songs and Jimmie Wood on harmonica. After Lydon, McGeoch and Dias wrote the song Criminal for the film Point Break and released an album in 1993, Lydon put Public Image Ltd on indefinite hiatus. Well, it seems they’re dusting themselves off and are ready to rock in aid of Eurovision 2023! Lydon’s mother is from County Cork and his father Galway. The other entries for Ireland come from ADGY, CONNOLLY, Wild Youth, Leila Jane, and K Muni + ND. This year’s Eurovision will be held in Liverpool in the United Kingdom, after Sam Ryder placed second in the 2022 contest. Following Kalush Orchestra’s win for Ukraine but given the ongoing war in their country, it was decided that the runners-up should take the helm. But, the event plans to honour Ukrainian culture when the final takes place on May 12. As for this year’s UK entry, that’s yet to be decided, but Space Man singer Sam is hoping for diversity. ‘The UK has such a diverse plethora of talent and all I can hope is that what happened this year has encouraged more people from those diverse genres of and backgrounds to think, “Eurovision isn’t a career killer”,’ he told The Sun. ‘I would love it to be a fan of Eurovision and its history.’ The rumour mill is already in full force with who will be the voice of the UK, with Strictly Come Dancing star Molly Rainford being one name that has been discussed. As for Ireland, the finalists will perform on a special edition of Ireland’s The Late Late Show on Friday, February 3 from 9.30pm, where the winner will be unveiled based on the national jury, international jury, and public vote. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision boss reveals Russia’s exclusion from song contest ‘was and still is’ hard MORE : Emily in Paris creator confirms season 4 will be heading to Eurovision Song Contest 