The stars of The View have paid tribute to creator Barbara Walters in a moving segment. The TV icon died last week at the age of 93, surrounded by her family. In the first instalment of the ABC panel show since the sad news, Whoopi Goldberg and Joy Behar were on hand to share their best memories of the veteran US journalist. The Ghost actress began today’s episode by explaining that tributes were still ‘pouring in from around the world’. ‘The reason why we’re all sitting here, if not for her I don’t know where most of us would be,’ she insisted. ‘The thing about her is she very much defied sexism and she defied ageism,’ Behar agreed. ‘She went right into the jaws of the lion. ‘She was not just a friend to us, she was one of a kind and very important to the industry.’ Debbie Matenopoulos became teary as she spoke of the impact that Walters had on her career. ‘Barbara and I had a relationship that was really very “mother – daughter”. Very much so,’ she said. ‘She was tough on me but I appreciated it because I learned everything from her. She single-handedly changed my life. ‘I was a 22-year-old journalism student at NYU when she chose me to sit next to her on this show, she took a huge chance on me. I had hardly been on television and she taught me everything. ‘It was incredible, it was like taking a masterclass in journalism with the most well-respected, well-renowned female journalist in history. It was unbelievable.’ ‘I owe her everything,’ she added, with her voice cracking. ‘I would not have this career if she did not choose me.’ Sunny Hostin revealed that her former co-star encouraged her with valuable advice that she still holds with her to this day. ‘When I started cohosting, I was changing my questions on my cards,’ she recalled. ‘I don’t know if you ladies remember that I was changing them and rewriting them – not realizing that maybe that wasn’t appropriate. ‘She came over to me, and said, “What are you doing?” I said, “This is not my voice, I’m rewriting my questions, is that okay?” She said, “I rewrite mine,” and she started helping me. ‘The generosity of that moment. I was so scared and I was so nervous, and she validated my opinion. And after that day, she would ask me during the Hot Topics meeting, “Well, what do you think, Sunny?” And I was like, “Barbara Walters is asking me what I think.”’ Walters carved out an incredible decades-long career in on our screens, interviewing some of the biggest names in the industry. She was the first US female network news anchor in 1976 on ABC, paving the way for female journalists for years to come. Walters’ representative confirmed the news of her death in a statement in a statement. ‘Barbara Walters passed away peacefully in her home surrounded by loved ones. She lived a big life,’ it read. ‘She lived her life with no regrets. She was a trailblazer not only for female journalists, but for all women.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Accidental Tourist screenwriter and Broadway director Frank Galati dies aged 79 MORE : Jamie Lee Curtis and Ana de Armas named as Golden Globes 2023 presenters  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 