It might have only just started filming, but It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia’s first day began with Kaitlin Olson left with a bumper of a bruise after she managed to walk into a wall. For the uninitiated, the long-running series follows the exploits of ‘The Gang’, a group of narcissistic, sociopathic friends who run the Irish dive bar Paddy’s Pub in South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, but spend most of their free time drinking, scheming, arguing amongst themselves, and plotting elaborate cons. This week the sixteenth season of the comedy series began filming, two years after the last aired. After ending season 15 in Ireland, the gang are going to be back in Paddy’s Pub when we see them next, and while they got up to some adventures during their overseas jaunt, Kaitlin was perhaps a little bit too excited to be back home on set. Series creator, and her husband, Rob McElhenney, posted a photo on social media on Thursday sharing that filming hadn’t quite started as smoothly as planned. ‘Well it’s the first day of shooting so, of course, the lady of the house ran into a wall,’ he captioned a photo which showed his wife with a monster of a bruise under her left eye. ‘Thank god for @theadorable1 and her makeup team for making it going away…,’ he added. Jumping in, Kaitlin wrote: ‘Really sorry, boss.’ Playing Deandra ‘Sweet Dee’/Dee Reynolds since the show first started back in 2005, Dee is pub’s main bartender, while Rob plays Ronald ‘Mac’ McDonald, co-owner and self-proclaimed bouncer of the venue. Last year the cast got together to mark St Patrick’s Day and let fans in on some secrets from set, including that Glenn Howerton had quit the show a few times. The actor was famously believed to have quit in 2017 after his character left Paddy’s Pub to help raise his secret son, with the actor himself saying it was time for a change. However he made a surprise return in the first episode of season 13 and has remained as a writer and star since, much to fans’ huge relief. In the podcast he briefly mentioned he had been hit by burnout, but the cast were so tipsy they forgot to actually explain any more. It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia is streaming on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Welcome To Wrexham: Who is Rob McElhenney married to and does he have children? MORE : Ryan Reynolds ‘impossibly excited’ to meet King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla at Wrexham as Rob McElhenney vows to ‘make them fans’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 