Max McMurdo is a designer, TV presenter and upcycling expert. Not only does he design and sell things like chairs made out of shopping trollies but he also upcycled his entire home – a shipping container that floats on water. The bookcase is made from an old ladder, a table from a wash drum and lampshades from jelly moulds – and, he says, there is more to come. I live in a floating shipping container. I converted it in 2016 as I was determined to build a floating home that was affordable and sustainable. It took six months to convert and has become my little slice of heaven. Based in Bedfordshire miles from any coastline, it is really important for me to be close to water. Since moving onto the water I have taken up paddle boarding, which in turn led to SUP [stand-up paddle] surfing and recently I have even started learning to surf. It is fair to say my home has changed my life. There is nothing quite like waking up to the sound of wildlife and watching the light reflecting off the water onto my ceiling. A wall of bifolding glass doors keep me linked to nature and provide huge solar gain. My entire home is upcycled, from the actual container itself to the scaffold board flooring, pallet wood wall and copper pipework. My bookcase is an old ladder, lampshades are jelly moulds, a table made from a wash drum and a unit made from an old suitcase. I also only have the one tap, that pivots between the kitchen and bathroom. Sustainability isn’t just about upcycling it’s also about reducing the items we need and consume. Let’s be honest, some environmental movements are wonderful but can be a little dull. Upcycling however is fun, educational and saves not only the planet but your pocket, too. The emphasis for my business initially was always simply about the green benefits – but more recently I’ve realised that a lot of people love learning new skills, working with friends and family, getting creative and being proud of their creations, too. The planet is struggling. We all know that being eco-friendly isn’t a fad that will pass, it’s an important way of life and for many a mindset change. It’s easier and more affordable than ever to reduce your impact on the planet with advances in technology such as LEDs, lithium batteries, electric cars, better insulation, composting and rainwater harvesting – to name but a few. When I first started upcycling I spent a lot of time in scrap yards and antique shops. However access to scrap yards is now limited and antique shop prices have escalated so I had to start thinking differently. I’ve found lots of gems at the local tip and bought the container for my house from an industrial estate in Essex. Some of the best items I have found are in skips, typically on industrial estates where businesses are paying to dispose of an item that is an upcycler’s dream. In the pandemic I decided to buy an old ambulance and upcycle it into a camper van. Needless to say it was a lot more work than anticipated, especially as I wanted it to be as sustainable as possible. Solar feeds a large lithium battery, which powers an electric hot water shower, induction hobs, an infrared heated ceiling and a small bioethanol fire. Initially I thought it may just be good fun but since converting the van it’s been to Scotland, Wales, Devon and Cornwall and has changed the way I see and enjoy exploring the beautiful UK. Keep it simple. I love a lovely old dining chair, they are readily available in charity shops and incredibly affordable once they are unloved. Strip off the fabric, sand back the wood, give it a lick of paint, staple on fire- retardant fabric and watch proudly as your dinner guests admire your unique and bespoke designer chair. I control everything on an app and it is voice-activated to ensure I turn everything off as much as possible, even when I’m away. I also have an infrared heated ceiling, which is incredible, it feels lovely and toasty but also reduces my heating bill by around 50 per cent. Instant hot water on demand is also a huge cost saver and better for the planet than constantly heating up a big tank of water. LED lighting is now standard throughout. I displace some of the water in my toilet cistern and I’ve just purchased an air fryer, which uses a fraction of the energy of a large fan oven. The large wall of south-facing glass also allows the heat from the day to be absorbed and released from the hard surfaces as it gets colder – solar gain is a really simple yet effective concept. I am a rubbish gardener but like to grow my own using a hydroponic system rather than buying packets of herbs. The thing that winds me up the most is greenwashing, particularly when companies deliberately mislead customers with bad labelling and terminology. We need absolute transparency and I’d rather a company admitted they were not perfect but trying to improve rather than using confusing jargon to try and deceive us. I also find it frustrating when companies rebrand things – vegan leather. Wait, that’s just plastic. I think underground or semi submerged homes will become popular. I love the idea of having bedrooms underground to increase the natural insulate qualities and a lovely open-plan living space upstairs harnessing all of that beautiful natural light that also creates heat. The visual impact would also be considerably less if we only built a single storey above ground. Growing up in the 1970s we never had much money so we naturally led a non-wasteful lifestyle. Mum and Dad grew their own veg, we reused everything we could and if something broke we tried to fix it. My father was a post-war baby and grew up with nothing so it was very much in our DNA to respect what we had and use as little as possible. I’d like to think my design style is to incorporate those core values with a stylish, contemporary twist. This year I am hoping to fit enough solar to live completely off-grid. I feel that technology is now advanced enough to make this possible and affordable. I have just purchased an electric van, which I hope to also power from the solar panels at some point. Once I’ve fitted the solar panels I also intend to harvest the rainwater and channel it into a living green wall. Check out Max’s designs, books and other creations at maxmcmurdo.co.uk MORE : 10 easy, cost-saving ways to make your home more sustainable in 2023 MORE : Energy efficiency is now top of house hunters’ wish lists – here’s where to buy Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.