A murderer has died after crashing into a tree shortly after being released from prison. Stephen Bonallie, 32, was killed on New Year’s Eve on the A167 in County Durham. He was released just weeks after finishing a 14-year jail term for murdering a disabled man in a bet. In 2007, he and a gang of three people killed Brent Martin in Sunderland after a £5 bet for which one of them could knock him out first. They kicked and stamped on the 23-year-old before leaving him to die in a pool of blood with his pants around his ankles. Brent, who had learning difficulties, pleaded with his attackers not to hurt him as he believed they were his friends. A year later Bonallie, who was 17 at the time, received an 18-year sentence but he was released last year after making ‘exceptional and unforeseen’ progress in prison. Ringleader William Hughes, then aged 22, was jailed for 22 years for Martin’s murder, while accomplice Marcus Miller, then aged 16, was jailed for 15 years. After hearing the news of Bonallie’s death, Brent’s twin sister, Danielle Flynn, wrote in a social media post: ‘This is Stephen Bonallie, one of the three who murdered my twin brother. ‘This year, when he was released I spent it upset, angry he was getting to start his life again when he was a big part in my brother losing his. ‘However I found out yesterday morning in disbelief that he died in a car accident. I spent the day with mixed emotions, happy, sad, gutted etc…. ‘God works in mysterious ways and I think it comes to us all. I guess it’s because I’m human I know what it feels like to lose a brother and my mother knows what it feels like to lose a son so condolences to his family.’ Bonallie was travelling along the A167 between Whitesmocks and Sniperley when he crashed. Despite the best efforts of the emergency services, he was pronounced dead at hospital. Another man in his 30s, who was also in the car, remains in a critical condition. Brent’s mother, Brenda Martin, said the death of her son’s killer was an act of God. ‘It’s very sad for both families. Jesus works in funny ways. Stephen Bonallie was punished, which is only right,’ the 77-year-old said. ‘He was punished by someone higher up. I was told about Stephen’s death through my children. ‘My daughter posted about it online saying how sorry she was for the heartache it brought his parents. ‘He did a bad thing but people don’t forget. You learn to live with what happened, you’ve got to. ‘The pain never goes away, it’s been 15 years since he died. Brent is with us every day in many ways.’ Bonallie’s family released a statement saying he was a much loved son, brother, boyfriend, nephew, uncle, brother-in-law and cousin and will be sadly missed. At his appeal hearing in 2016, a judge said Bonallie had done all he could to rehabilitate himself and had shown himself to be a ‘mature’ person who helped other inmates. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.