Bugzy Malone isn’t a fan of age gaps apparently, as he’s addressed the bubbling rumours that he’s been secretly dating Love Island star Gemma Owen. The 32-year-old rapper was reported to have enjoyed a string of dates with the 19-year-old daughter of former footballer Michael Owen, in recent weeks. A source claimed Bugzy, real name Aaron Davies, and dressage rider Gemma were keen on keeping their reportedly blossoming romance under wraps. It came after Gemma split from boyfriend Luca Bish in November after they met on the summer series of ITV2’s Love Island last year. However, Bugzy has now rubbished the dating rumours in an Instagram post tagging Gemma’s famous dad Michael directly. Alongside a video of him striking various poses in the mirror while taking selfies – both topless and wearing a smart outfit – the Manchester-based rapper wrote: ‘@themichaelowen your daughter looks lovely rkid, but 19 just isn’t my cup of tea or coffee. Someone go tell @thesun to BEHAVE!’ Michael, 43, who is typically private about his family life, is yet to respond to the message, but one of Bugzy’s followers joked: ‘Michael Owen has 24 hours to reply.’ Perhaps he won’t need to as Gemma has already shut down the reports herself, denying she was dating anyone. ‘I have never met or spoken to him and we don’t follow each other on social media. I am not dating and I am definitely single,’ she told the Mail Online of the Bugzy romance speculation. ‘Just after Christmas, I had much needed time with my family and friends and I am working on myself. I am not going to date anytime soon and I’m not looking. ‘On a personal level, I want to work on my happiness and investing time in people close to me, my family and friends and just being content in myself,’ she said. A source had told The Sun that Gemma and Bugzy ‘told their closest friends they are dating’ and ‘seemed really happy together’. They also claimed: ‘Gemma and Aaron are keeping their relationship out of the public eye for now because it is early days. ‘He is really into her and has made it clear how he feels.’ Bugzy was previously thought to have been engaged to his longtime girlfriend of nine years after he proposed in December 2019, and the pair share a child together. Meanwhile, Gemma called it quits with fishmonger Luca in November after the couple made a mutual decision to part ways. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 