Inter Milan have enquired into a loan move for Manchester United captain Harry Maguire. The United skipper has started just two league games since being dropped by Erik ten Hag in August with Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez the manager’s firm first-choice pairing. Inter meanwhile are set to lose their own captain in Milan Skriniar, who has confirmed he has a pre-contract agreement in place with Paris Saint-Germain. PSG are hopeful of agreeing a deal to bring the centre-half to the French capital this month, with Inter now looking at possible replacements. The Nerazzurri have already enquired into Victor Lindelof’s availability, with United rejecting their request with Erik ten Hag eager to keep hold of the Swede. Inter have now turned to his teammate Maguire, according to the Daily Mail. They they are likely to receive the same response from United however with ten Hag eager to keep the squad together with the club still battling on four fronts. Maguire was back in the starting XI in Saturday’s FA Cup fourth round win against Reading and could keep his spot when United welcome Nottingham Forest for the second round of their Carabao Cup semi-final with a 3-0 lead in the bag. The report adds the England international is prepared to be patient and wait for chances this season with United also hopeful of ending their five-year wait for silverware. But Maguire will assess his options in the summer should his situation not change. ‘I’m a player, 29-years-old, and I haven’t really been in this position in my career so it’s a position that I don’t want to get used to,’ Maguire said of his reduced role in the side, speaking after Saturday’s 3-1 win over Reading. ‘But it’s part of the parcel of football. ‘I’m working hard everyday, I’m pushing, I’m training well, and when my chance comes I need to take it. ‘We know at this club we need competition for places, we have some top centre-backs at this club so I think we’re all in good from now until the end of the season.’ MORE : Malo Gusto reveals why he rejected Manchester United proposal to join Chelsea MORE : Manchester United considering transfer after Christian Eriksen injury For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 