Nearly thirty years to the day after the body of a woman was found at a Somerset beach, a new image is being released to help finally identify her. She was discovered on the sand at Burnham-on-Sea on Wednesday, 13 January 1993, by an off-duty coastguard. There were a number of clues on her person that pieced together her recent movements. She was carrying a packet of paracetamol tablets bought from Superdrug and also had an ‘After Curry’ mint with the word ‘Kansaras’ written on it. The woman also wore a gold band type ring – suggesting she may have been married – although it is not clear what finger she was wearing this on. She was found on the beach near the Low Lighthouse on January 13, 1993 – after unruly weather had swept through the region. The Braer Storm – one of the most intense north Atlantic cyclones ever recorded – had struck the UK. Despite a number of clues on her person, Burnham-on-Sea Woman has still not been identified. Now, following the 30th anniversary of the discovery of her body, a new image has been produced by Scotland-based forensic artist Hew Morrison to help try and identify her. This comes as a unit of volunteer investigators with Locate International revisit her case. Dave Grimstead, Locate International’s CEO and founder, said: ‘As we reach 30 years since her death, we’re hoping someone out there can help unite Burnham-on-Sea woman with her real name. ‘Maybe you recognise her, or her clothes, or served her the Kansaras after-dinner mint, maybe in a curry house. ‘Maybe you remember a woman with very long grey hair in north Somerset around this time? ‘We’re also looking into a possible link with the eastern European community in the West Country: did you know anyone with eastern European links at the time who matches her description? ‘Even the smallest details can help move our investigation forward, so we encourage you to come forward.’ The woman was 157cm tall (5’1”), of thin build, and aged between 60 and 70 years. She had very long grey hair and was white. Investigators say she was wearing a light green and beige overcoat with a dark green fur lined hood, dark ankle socks, and a knee-length black skirt with a ‘Jaeger’ label. She had one shoe from Stead & Simpson, described as blue with a blue bow and a 1.5” heel and was also wearing black, knitted gloves and a yellow and black patterned scarf. She was also wearing three cardigans: The area around Bristol and north Somerset suffered intense weather at around the period she entered the sea. On 12 January 1993, thunder was widespread in the Bristol Channel area, a tornado struck Congresbury, Yatton saw hailstones up to 10mm in size, while streets in Weston-super-Mare were reported to be white with hailstones. If you have any information, please contact Locate International by emailing appeals@locate.international, by calling 0300 102 1011 or by visiting Burnham On Sea Woman – Locate International. The organisation, made up of volunteers, is also on the hunt for information concerning the identities of several other people. These include the Wembley Point Woman, found at the bottom of a tower block in 2004. She had abandoned a ‘distinctive’ oil painting at a nearby cafe. She also left a used packet of Marlboro cigarettes, a copy of the Guardian and a seven-day bus pass. An investigation is also underway to find ‘Brian Wallace’, who died after he was hit by a car in London. His body was found near the The Bell pub, in Walthamstow, on January 22. There had been no personal documents, such as a passport, among his clothing and the only numbers discovered in his phone were work contacts. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.