Matt Lucas has hinted that David Walliams may have quit Britain’s Got Talent to concentrate on their next project. Walliams, 52, is said to have quit the talent show last year after recordings were leaked of him making disrespectful comments about auditionees at the London Palladium in 2020 and it’s since been confirmed Bruno Tonioli will replace him. But Lucas, 48, made no mention of the audio leak when commenting on his Little Britain co-star’s exit from BGT on Thursday. Instead, Lucas – who will star alongside Timothée Chalamet in Wonka later this year – said they both ‘quit’ their jobs, suggesting Walliams walked away from BGT. Speaking on The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show on BBC Radio 2 today, Lucas was asked by Ball about his and Walliams’ secretive upcoming project, which he revealed they’ve started writing. ‘Me and David Walliams have started writing together again. We just thought it was time so we quit our jobs and decided to do that,’ he said, days after it was confirmed Walliams had left Britain’s Got Talent after 10 years. Late last year, Lucas announced he would be leaving The Great British Bake Off, the Channel 4 show he was likely referencing when he said he also ‘quit’ his job. ‘We just started last week. We got together and we started brainstorming. We’ve got an idea for a new show and we need a few more brainstorming sessions but we know what we want the show to be, what the concept of it is,’ Lucas continued. ‘We’re really excited about it. It will be a show with us playing lots of characters. But we have to write the treatment for it and we have to go and pitch it and see if anyone wants to make it. But if someone wants to make it, we’ll be thrilled to do it.’ Lucas was much more tight-lipped when asked by Ball about what fans can expect from Wonka, directed by Paul King and tipped to hit cinemas in December. ‘The Wonka movie is out in December and of course I signed a contract where I can’t say too much about it,’ the star shared. ‘But it’s a musical and it [stars] Timothée Chalamet as a young Willie Wonka and there’s some great people in it.’ When Ball asked: ‘Can you even say if you will be singing? It’s a musical, we know you can sing,’ Lucas replied: ‘I sing a little bit, yes. It’s one of those huge films where you’re on it for five or six months and yet you’re probably in it for seven minutes.’ It comes after former Strictly Come Dancing judge Tonioli kicked off filming for the new season of BGT in London this week, following weeks of speculation that Walliams would no longer be on the panel. Last year the comedian apologised for making ‘disrespectful comments’ about auditioning contestants after a leaked recording from 2020 caught him calling an elderly performer on the talent show the C-word three times. Britain’s Got Talent returns to ITV later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. According to a transcript shared by The Guardian, the children’s author also said of a female hopeful: ‘She’s like the slightly boring girl you meet in the pub that thinks you want to f**k them but you don’t.’ Walliams later issued a statement and said he would ‘like to apologise to the people I made disrespectful comments about during breaks in filming for Britain’s Got Talent in 2020’, adding: ‘These were private conversations and – like most conversations with friends – were never intended to be shared. Nevertheless, I am sorry.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jonnie Irwin shares adorable family snaps from Lake District getaway following terminal cancer diagnosis MORE : Fatboy Slim reveals brutal encounter with David Bowie and wishes he ‘never met’ late star Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 