The King and Queen Consort made a gesture today to remember those who suffered ‘such horrors’ during the Holocaust. Charles and Camilla lit candles at Buckingham Palace to mark Holocaust Memorial Day, which is today, and other victims of genocide. It falls on the anniversary of the liberation of the biggest Nazi death camp, Auschwitz-Birkenau, in 1945. The King said: ‘I hope this will be one way of trying to remember all those poor people who had to suffer such horrors for so many years – and still do.’ This morning the royal couple met Dr Martin Stern, who was taken to Nazi concentration camps during the Second World War when he was a child. He survived the Westerbork transit camp and Theresienstadt ghetto in the Netherlands at the age of five. His Jewish dad died in a separate camp in 1945, and his mum died from an infection during childbirth in 1942. ‘We talked about the importance of education about the Holocaust and about other genocides,’ he told reporters. ‘The King was very insistent on inquiring about other genocides as well, and so was the Queen Consort. ‘So, the importance of education the importance of starting that education at an early age.’ He called the lighting of candles ‘immensely important’. ‘The perpetrators would like that we would just forget about it, move on to other things so they get on quietly with doing more of their horrific crimes,’ Dr Stern added. ‘Lighting a candle publicly is a marker that makes it hard for tyrants and state criminals to perpetuate their mass crimes quietly.’ Charles and Camilla also met Amouna Adam, from the persecuted Fur tribe, who survived genocide in Darfur in western Sudan. They also spoke to representatives of the Holocaust Memorial Day trust about ongoing work to ensure lessons continue be learned regarding mass killings. The day is further used to remember the millions killed in other genocides in Cambodia, Rwanda, Bosnia and Darfur. Laura Marks, chair of the Holocaust Memorial Day trust, said: ‘What the King was able to offer us, to share with us, was his interest in both in the Holocaust, but also, in the other genocides and the work that he’s doing. ‘And he’s been the patron of the Holocaust Memorial Day trust for many, many years as Prince of Wales, and we were talking to him about how important that is for us as a charity because it adds so much credibility and so much weight when a charity has as a patron like that. ‘The King is so powerful, so important in being able to bring attention, focus attention on the dangers of hate speech, hatred today and he was just magnificent on that one.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.