With weddings, debuts and shocking news on the cards, EastEnders lines up another explosive week that is yet again must-see TV. Don’t believe us? Take a peek for yourself with Metro.co.uk’s bumper picture gallery, revealing all the spoilers that one could possibly want. The moment of truth arrives in upcoming scenes, as Martin Fowler (James Bye) discovers that Ricky Mitchell (Frankie Day) is the father of Lily Slater’s (Lillia Turner) unborn baby. Ricky arrives to check in on Lily, and Martin threatens to tell everyone the truth. Lily, terrifed, heads to find Ricky Jr, breaking the news to him. The boy rushes off, panicked, and blurts out the truth to Sam (Kim Medcalf), who blows her chances at proving supportive when she reveals that she’s leaving to start a new life with ex-husband Ricky (Sid Owen). The Brannings and the Slaters, meanwhile, have a big confrontation, where harsh words are exchanged. Elsewhere in Walford during the week in question, Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) desperately searches for Lola Pearce’s (Danielle Harold) mum Emma Harding (Patsy Kensit), and he succeeds in finding her, hoping to encourage her to come to her daughter’s wedding. Will she agree to do so? The morning of the wedding subsequently arrives, but Lola’s feeling unwell, admitting that she’s experiencing worrying symptoms. Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) takes the bride-to-be on a detour to the hospital, where Lola reveals that she cannot marry Jay today. Jay, meanwhile, arrives the arrival of his bride at the registry office. Lola soon shows up, asking to have a private word with him. But will the wedding go ahead? EastEnders airs these scenes w/c Monday January 23 on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : EastEnders star Danielle Harold reveals Lola’s sad reason for wanting to track down her lost mum MORE : Ross Kemp addresses if he will make EastEnders return as Grant Mitchell