A mum and her baby son mauled to death by a polar bear in a remote Alaskan village would not have seen the attack coming through a heavy snowstorm, officials have said. Summer Myomick, 24, and her one-year-old child Clyde Ongtowasruk were attacked during the 150-yard walk from a school to a health clinic in the town of Wales, located just below the Arctic Circle. They made it a short distance beyond the front gates when the polar bear emerged from the whiteout which had camouflaged its approach and pounced. It was the first fatal polar bear attack in 30 years in Alaska, the only US state that is home to the animals. As it unfolded, the principal ordered a school lockdown, with teachers frantically closing all the blinds to shield the children from what was happening outside their windows. Several members of staff were among a group of locals who tried to scare the bear off with shovels. They managed to halt the attack briefly, but only when the animal turned on them and charged at the school. Susan Nedza, chief administrator of the Bering Strait School District, said the principal possibly saved more lives when she slammed the door shut seconds before it could get through. She said: ‘The polar bear was chasing them and tried to get in as well. Just horrific. … Something you never think you would ever experience.’ With no law enforcement in Wales, and the bear still outside, a call went out to community members for help. A person who has still not been identified showed up and shot the bear as it continued to maul Ms Myomick and her son. Alaska State Troopers spokesperson Austin McDaniel told reporters the pair had no idea what was coming because of low visibility in the blizzard conditions. Their immediate family was living at the school temporarily while they were fixing electrical issues in their home, according to a post on a GoFundMe fundraising site established to help the family ‘in the face of unfathomable tragedy and heartbreak’. ‘We ask that you respect their privacy in this period of immense grief,’ the post read. Wales, a whaling community, is the westernmost point on the North American mainland — just 50 miles from Russia across the Bering Strait. The village is home to about 150 people, almost all of them Inupiat and is accessible by plane and boat, including barges that deliver household goods. It’s not known what prompted the attack. However, polar bears see humans as prey, said Geoff York, the senior director of conservation at Polar Bear International. Samples from the bear were taken for the state veterinarian, and the bodies of Myomick and her son were flown to Nome for eventual transport to the State Medical Examiner’s Office in Anchorage. Polar bears are the largest bear species, according to the US Fish and Wildlife Service. Males typically weigh anywhere from 270 to 540kgs but can reach more than 770kgs and up to three meters tall. Females weigh 180 to 320kgs. They were listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act in 2008 and are also protected under the Marine Mammal Protection Act. Both laws prohibit harming the animals without authorization, unless necessary for human safety. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.