As recently suggested by Metro.co.uk, Stacey Slater’s (Lacey Turner) ex – and young Lily’s (Lillian Turner) biological dad – Ryan Malloy is to return to EastEnders as Neil McDermott is set to reprise his role for a short stint this February. Ryan, who is now married to a prison officer named Helen, remains connected to Walford having first landed on our screens in 2009 as Whitney Dean’s (Shona McGarty) half-brother. Over his two years in Albert Square, Ryan was never far away from drama having married and divorced Janine (Charlie Brooks) once it was revealed he fathered baby Lily with Stacey which resulted in their subsequent affair. He also served a short sentence in prison for accidentally killing Rob Grayson (Jody Latham) while defending the protection of half-sister Whitney. Having briefly reprised his role in 2016, for Whitney’s wedding to Lee Carter (Danny Boy Hatchard), Ryan is heading back to the Square following news that his 12-year-old daughter, Lily, is pregnant. It’s safe to say that his return to the Square is far from smooth-sailing, but viewers will have to wait and see the drama unfold onscreen. On returning to EastEnders, Neil McDermott said: ‘When I heard what the story was I was really pleased that the stars aligned and I was able to revisit Ryan and set foot back on the Square. ‘It was so lovely to see so many old friends and to work with Shona and Lacey again, as well as to meet and work with Ryan’s daughter, played beautifully by Lillia.’ Chris Clenshaw, Executive producer, added: ‘It’s wonderful to welcome Neil back to the role of Ryan Malloy. Although we haven’t seen Ryan for some years, his character is still intertwined in the history of two of the show’s major characters, Stacey and Whitney. ‘We couldn’t be more thrilled to have him back for a short while as he’s thrust into the heart of the drama.’ Ryan’s return scenes will air in coming weeks. Having already filmed the scenes, Neil is heading on tour, starring in Home, I’m Darling – find out more here. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Emma comes face to face with daughter Lola and gets a huge shock MORE : As a gay man living with HIV, I feel respected by EastEnders’ handling of Zack’s story