Prince Harry has said he saw a ‘red mist’ in Prince William during an argument, claiming his brother ‘wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to’. In a new trailer for ITV’s forthcoming interview with the Duke of Sussex, he speaks about an altercation with his brother. He says: ‘What was different here was the level of frustration, and I talk about the red mist that I had for so many years, and I saw this red mist in him. ‘He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to.’ The Duke of Sussex describes the incident in his much-anticipated memoir, Spare. It is due to be released next week but copies have already accidentally been on sale in Spain. In the book, Prince Harry makes several bombshell allegations about the Royal Family, along with revelations about his own life, including his use of cocaine, how he was told about his mother’s car accident and the moment he lost his virginity. It comes after claims that William physically hit Harry were unveiled after the first installments of Spare were leaked in a copy of the book obtained by The Guardian. MORE : Sharon Osbourne brands chances of Harry and William reunion a ‘load of b******s’ MORE : Prince Harry says he was ‘probably bigoted’ before relationship with Meghan In an extract from Spare, Harry claims that Prince William physically attacked him in a row about his marriage to Meghan Markle. The alleged confrontation took place at his London home in 2019, according to a leaked part of his highly anticipated autobiography, Spare, obtained by The Guardian newspaper. He said it left him with a visible injury to his back after the Prince of Wales grabbed him by the collar and ripped his necklace before knocking him to the floor. In the  30-second-clip, the duke is also asked about the drug use he describes in the book. Interviewer Tom Bradby says: ‘There’s a fair amount of drugs. Marijuana, magic mushrooms, cocaine. I mean, that’s going to surprise people.’ The duke says he believes it is ‘important to acknowledge’. He also repeats his desire to reconcile with his brother and father, the King. ‘I want reconciliation. But, first, there needs to be some accountability,’ he says. ‘The truth, supposedly, at the moment, has been there’s only one side of the story, right? ‘But, there’s two sides to every story.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.