Haas have become the first Formula 1 team to reveal the livery for their 2023 car – offering fans their first glimpse of what this year’s grid will look like. However, this is not the final look of their challenger for this season, with the new livery being modelled on last year’s car ahead of the VF-23’s official unveiling next month. With a new title sponsor in the form of finance company MoneyGram, it was expected that there would be big changes from previous Haas designs. While the traditional white and red has been retained, the new car now features a lot of black on the sides and rear. ‘I obviously share everyone’s enthusiasm around the livery unveil, not least as it’s a checkpoint in the pre-season calendar which means we’re another step closer to doing the thing we actually want to be doing – and that’s go racing,’ team principal Guenther Steiner told Haas’ official website. ‘I like the livery, it’s undoubtedly a more elevated and modernized look which is fitting as we move into a new era alongside MoneyGram as our title partner. ‘It’s an exciting time of year for Formula 1 and it’s great that we’re first out the gate to showcase our livery but our attention is firmly on getting the VF-23 on-track and preparing for the season ahead.’ In 2022, Haas finished eighth in the standings, with a best result of fifth at the season opener in Bahrain. Driving for Haas in 2023 are Kevin Magnussen, who secured the team’s first pole position at Brazil last year, and Nico Hulkenberg who returns to the F1 grid as a full-time drive for the first time since 2019. The former Aston Martin and Renault driver replaces fellow German Mick Schumacher who was axed after a difficult two seasons with the team. ‘We really have something to build on following last year’s performances,’ Steiner added. ‘The whole organization has been working hard to reach this point and obviously in Kevin and Nico we have two proven points-scoring talents locked in behind the wheel. I can’t wait to get started.’ Haas will shakedown the VF-23 for the first time at Silverstone February 11th ahead of pre-season testing in Bahrain from February 23rd to 25th. The 2023 F1 season gets underway at the Bahrain International Circuit on March 5th, while Red Bull will be the next team to unveil their new car on February 3rd. MORE : Red Bull boss Christian Horner reveals why teams don’t want Andretti Cadillac to enter Formula 1 MORE : New Ferrari boss fires warning to Formula 1 rivals ahead of new season For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 