Rapper French Montana has said he is thinking of the people caught up in a Miami shooting that happened just outside a restaurant he was allegedly filming a music video in. On Thursday night, the incident took place outside of an eatery in south Florida that is part of a restaurant group owned by DJ Khaled. According to local news outlet 7News, Miami Gardens Police and Miami-Dade Fire Rescue units responded to reports of a shooting at the location just before 8pm local time. Now, the musician, who dated Khloe Kardashian for a year back in 2013, has shared a statement about the incident. ‘Last night, I was in Miami celebrating the release of my CB6 mixtape w/ friends at a local restaurant,’ he posted to Twitter. ‘We unfortunately were at the wrong place, at the wrong time when an incident took place that left people hurt. ‘Our thoughts & prayers are w/ the victims & families at this time.’ The restaurant group The Licking also released a statement, sharing that: ‘Our hearts are heavy and go out to the victims of this senseless act.’ However they said that they ‘were not aware of a video being filmed and found out last min(ute) French Montana was shooting a scene in the back parking lot.’ ‘We have no idea what actually took place. The Licking restaurant has nothing to do with the incident and has given police the necessary footage requested.’ The police have also criticised the rapper and his team for violating city policy after not filling out an application to obtain the necessary permits for the video shoot, however French seems to be claiming he wasn’t actually filming on the site. TMZ has reported Miami Gardens Police Chief Delma Noel-Pratt said that: ‘As a result of this disregard of the procedures, the unauthorised music video production led to an unfortunate situation’. He added: ‘If the necessary agencies were notified ahead of time and protocol followed, police officers would have been in place to safeguard the community and assist with deterring and responding, if needed, to any situation that may arise.’ There haven’t been any more updates on the conditions of those who were injured, however on the night Miami Gardens Police Department detective Diana Gorgue said: ‘We’re still working [the scene]. Yeah, there’s multiple shots, there’s multiple cases.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tristan Thompson’s mother Andrea dies suddenly after heart attack MORE : Lamar Odom ’embarrassed’ by how he treated Khloe Kardashian  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 