Lockwood & Co star Ali Hadji-Heshmati has admitted even he wasn’t immune from getting spooked on the set of Joe Cornish’s Netflix drama. The Alex Rider actor plays junior agent George Karim in the chilling series, alongside fellow ghostbusters Anthony Lockwood (Cameron Chapman) and Lucy Carlyle (Ruby Stokes). Using their paranormal powers, the trio hunt down fiendish ghouls that are haunting homes and threatening to kill humans or putting them in ‘ghost lock’, a permanent state of physical and emotional paralysis. Throughout the rollicking series, which has been compared to Doctor Who, the teens encounter a slew of terrifying specters, including the very worst of all, a type three. The ghosts were created by a mixture of stunt performers and CGI, but that doesn’t mean that the cast didn’t get the chills while filming, as Ali told Metro.co.uk. He explained: ‘I always talk about how I found the monks really scary because we had these dancers who are playing the ghosts of these heretic monks. ‘They then walked towards us and there was this atmospheric music playing in this abandoned barn. ‘I wasn’t even acting I was genuinely terrified.’ Meanwhile, Joe also admitted he got the chills when penning the ending of Lockwood & Co. He said: ‘Well, I don’t want to give too much away but as the show goes on, the stakes get bigger and bigger. ‘The whole of season one is leading up to this climactic scene where all the characters are in jeopardy and there is this supernatural artifact of extraordinary power, which is unleashed. ‘And for me, that’s always – without giving anything away – the scariest bit: when the boss ghost in that final level is unleashed.’ Lockwood & Co is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What is The Problem in Lockwood & Co? Everything you need to know about the ghouls terrifying London MORE : Lockwood & Co showrunner Joe Cornish reveals inspiration behind terrifying ghosts 