The Metropolitan Police is reviewing 1,633 cases of alleged sexual and domestic abuse involving 1,071 of its officers to make sure appropriate decisions were made. It comes after PC David Carrick was revealed to be one of the worst sexual offenders in modern history. The 48-year-old pleaded guilty to 49 offences, including 24 counts of rape against 12 women over two decades. Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley apologised to Carrick’s victims after it emerged he was reported over nine incidents, including allegations of rape, domestic violence and harassment between 2001 and 2021. But he faced no criminal sanctions or misconduct findings and was only suspended in October 2021 after being arrested following a second rape complaint. ‘We have failed. And I’m sorry. He should not have been a police officer,’ the Met chief said. ‘This man abused women in the most disgusting manner. It is sickening. We’ve let women and girls down, and indeed we’ve let Londoners down. The women who suffered and survived this violence have been unimaginably brave and courageous in coming forward. ‘I do understand also that this will lead to some women across London questioning whether they can trust the Met to keep them safe. ‘We haven’t applied the same sense of ruthlessness to guarding our own integrity that we routinely apply to confronting criminals.’ He also announced all 45,000 Met officers and staff would be rechecked for any overlooked offending. Carrick was accused of two offences against a former partner the year before he passed vetting to join the Met in 2001, and faced further assault and harassment claims against an ex-girlfriend in 2002 while still in his probationary period. He had five public complaints to his name but still passed checks to become a firearms officer when he transferred to the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command in 2009 and was re-vetted in 2017. The Met admitted Carrick was known as ‘Bastard Dave’ by colleagues because he was ‘mean and cruel’, but said it was not to do with any sexual behaviour and colleagues had made no complaints about him. Carrick was arrested for rape by Hertfordshire Constabulary in July 2021 and placed on restricted duties. He was cleared to return to work when the allegation was dropped, but never returned to full duties because he was suspended over the second rape complaint in October 2021. The woman came forward after Wayne Couzens was handed a whole life sentence for the kidnap, rape and murder of 33-year-old Sarah Everard. She said she and Carrick went for drinks in a pub in September 2020 after they met on dating app Tinder, claiming he showed her his warrant card and boasted of meeting famous people in the course of his work, including then-prime minister Boris Johnson. The rape allegation and subsequent publicity sparked a wave of complaints, and although that charge against Carrick was dropped after he pleaded not guilty, he admitted 49 offences relating to another 12 women between 2003 and 2020. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.