A community has come together to save a historic cricket club threatened with closure by angry neighbours. People living near Colehill Cricket Club in Wimborne, Dorset, were becoming increasingly frustrated with sixes landing in their gardens and causing damage. Faced with rising insurance premiums and potentially being sued by neighbours, the 118-year-old club temporarily stopped adult cricket matches from taking place. But now hundreds of supporters of the club have gathered to donate £35,000 to put safety netting in place. Captain George Taylor said: ‘The generosity shown by the community has been incredibly humbling, the fact that people have been willing to put their hands in their pockets to help us. ‘We only set up the fundraising page a couple of days ago and it shot up instantly. ‘We have had some big donations – one anonymous person donated £5,000. ‘It’s so nice to know that so many people care about our cricket and want to see it continue in the future. ‘We will definitely be back playing again in May which is really exciting. ‘I can’t believe that after initially thinking raising £35,000 was impossible we have actually done it. ‘I think in a few months’ time when the dust has settled everyone, including the neighbours, will all be able to look back on it and see a positive result.’ One of the affected neighbours was former Wimborne mayor, Kelly Webb, who said balls were landing in her garden ‘95% of the time’ matches were played. Her £1.5 million detached home borders the eastern boundary of the village ground. Two other neighbours also made complaints, with one claiming damages for broken roof tiles. The cricket club initially planned to pay for the netting itself, but couldn’t afford it, which was when it decided to only allow youth games to continue. But after a fundraiser was launched more than 1,300 people donated in just three days towards building the 26ft safety net – and even England captain Ben Stokes and Ashes hero Michael Vaughan spoke out in support of the club. It is hoped the netting will be in place by May, ready for a full summer season. George, 26 and an accountant, added: ‘Neighbours previously unaware of just how valuable the cricket heritage of the village was to the community have been given a clear insight into how much it means. ‘As a result there has been a change of attitude amongst neighbours. They’ve moved away from this “nimby” approach and realised we all need to sit down together. ‘It’s been an absolutely surreal experience. It was only a week ago that we started the petition for support.’ It is thought those who have made claims were offered ‘sizable’ sums of money. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 