Sean Dyche is set to be named as the new manager of Everton after Marcelo Bielsa’s bizarre demands put off the Toffees. The relegation-battling side parted company with Frank Lampard at the start of the week following a 2-0 defeat to West Ham on Saturday which left them in 19th place in the Premier League table – only ahead of Southampton on goal difference. Former Leeds United boss Bielsa had initially emerged as the frontrunner to succeed Lampard, though it quickly became clear that the relationship would not work. According to The Times, the Argentine flew to London for face-to-face talks but made a series of bizarre demands – the biggest of which was that he did not want to take over until the summer. It was previously claimed that Bielsa was very disparaging about the state of Everton’s first team and felt they were ‘too old’ to play his style of football. As such, he felt a raft of new additions were needed with just days of the transfer window left and detailed a seven-week period which would be required for the squad to adapt to his methods. He therefore felt taking over the first team immediately would have been too difficult and instead proposed only working with the Under-21s and academy between now and the end of the season. Someone else would have been in charge of the first team – and Everton’s fight against relegation – with Bielsa then taking over as manager in the summer. The former Athletic Bilbao boss also wanted to bring in eight backroom members of staff, who also would not have worked with the first team until the summer. This plan was deemed completely unfeasible by Everton’s hierarchy and they are now pushing ahead with the appointment of Dyche, who could be installed by the end of Friday. Everton feel they need clarity and structure at the club as soon as possible, and the arrival of Dyche will also give them time to add new additions to the squad before Tuesday’s transfer deadline. Although Dyche was sacked by Burnley when they were in a relegation fight last season, he is seen as a very safe pair of hands and is likely to sign a two-and-a-half-year contract. MORE : Frank Lampard breaks silence on Everton sacking with Marcelo Bielsa in talks to replace him MORE : Amadou Onana rejects Chelsea transfer as Arsenal consider bid for £50m Everton midfielder For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 