DIY can result in big returns, as one couple found out when they transformed their home with a budget of just £3,000, increasing its value by almost £70,000. Senior care assistant Chantel Latham, 37, from North Devon, moved into her three-bedroom home in October 2020 with fiance Benjamin, 28, and their two ragdoll kittens. During the pandemic, the couple put their time off work to good use on the property. From painting kitchen cabinets to changing the flooring and adding new carpets, the pair completely revamped their home without breaking the bank – all by doing jobs themselves where possible. Thanks to their savvy DIY skills, the total spend for the renovation came to just £2,957. ‘We wanted to alter the kitchen in the beginning as we found that it lacked proper sunlight,’ said Chantel. ‘The reason was that it was in the front of the house.’ She continued: ‘We began making changes to it and that was when I was offered a collaboration with Lick, the paint company. ‘I jumped at the chance to take on the challenge myself and haven’t looked back since.’ Because Benjamin is an engineer, he already had a number of tools, which helped with the couple’s renovation. ‘We didn’t even need to source material as we had the tools and ideas in hand,’ added Chantel. ‘So we started the transformation ourselves and realised we didn’t need help for any DIY at all.’ The couple had not imagined that their small efforts and simplistic DIY – all at minimal costs – would do so much to increase the value of their home. Chantel recalled: ‘We started with the kitchen as that is where it all began. ‘Doing something as simple and smart as painting the kitchen cupboards to a lighter colour and changing their handles did wonders to the kitchen. ‘The kitchen instantly looked bigger, brighter and classier, another instance of how one does not need to spend huge amounts of money to uplift their home.’ They then stripped the wallpaper in the dining room, before sanding and painting the walls. For the lounge, they put panelling on the walls for a modern yet Regency touch. ‘We decided to go for a herringbone flooring downstairs and also added a stunning carpet to the stairs,’ added Chantel.\ People that come to visit their rural home comment on the styling of the house, describing it as ‘extremely dreamy and cosy.’ The property has also since been valued at £70,000 over the £255,000 it was purchased for. ‘I would surely tell people to just go for DIY because doing a DIY is so much more satisfying than paying someone to do it,’ Chantel advised those looking to recreate the project. ‘It also gives you the freedom to personalise as much as you want. The best part is that it is almost always easy on the pocket.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum added £75k to the value of her three-bedroom home by spending just £3k on low cost DIY MORE : Mum who saved thousands on her home by foraging and upcycling shares handy DIY tips