A man has been found dead inside a white van that is believed to be linked to the gunman who shot dead ten people in Los Angeles, it has been reported. Officers have been hunting the gunman after the horrific shooting happened following a festival for Chinese New Year in California on Saturday night. A number of photos show a SWAT team and police surrounding the white van in a car park in Torrance, near LA, before getting into a standoff. After police entered the van, the situation appeared to de-escalate, with officers lowering their weapons and then withdrawing from the area immediately around the vehicle. Just a few minutes later police entered another white van parked closeby, and it has been reported by Sky News that a body was found slumped in the van. Authorities have not confirmed whether the body is that of the suspect. The SWAT operation on the first white van searched in Torrance, about 30 miles from of Monterey Park, wrapped up around 11pm (GMT). L.A. County Sheriff’s Department’s Special Enforcement Bureau said ‘Neighbourhood safe’ on Twitter. Police earlier released a photo of the alleged suspect wearing a black leather jacket, black knit beanie, and glasses. The alleged suspect has been identified as a 5-foot-10 inches Asian man with a dark complexion, weighing 150lbs. He has been described by authorities as a homicide suspect, but police are withholding his name. Footage posted on social media earlier showed deserted, cordoned-off streets in Monterey Park, about seven miles from downtown Los Angeles, after a man with a ‘machine gun’ opened fire. Gunshots were first heard after 10pm local time around the location of a party for Chinese Lunar New Year. Los Angeles Sheriff Robert Luna confirmed in a press conference today a ‘preliminary description’ of the suspected shooter was of an ‘Asian male’. They also confirmed that a ‘white cargo van’ was a vehicle of interest. Los Angeles’s County Sheriff’s Department said in an appeal tonight: ‘On Saturday January 21, 2023 at 10:22 PM the suspect male/adult/Asian pictured above was involved in a shooting on the 100 block of West Garvey Ave in the City of Monterey Park. ‘A second incident occurred at 10:39 PM on the 100 block of South Garfield Ave, in the City of Alhambra. ‘Investigators have identified him as a Homicide suspect and he should be considered armed and dangerous.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.