Jennifer Lopez’s career could have taken a completely different trajectory as she was originally part of Britney Spears and Madonna’s legendary performance at the MTV Video Music Awards – y’know, the one where they shared a three-way kiss. It was 2003 and pop princesses Britney and Christina Aguilera were sharing the stage with pop icon Madonna singing a medley of her hits. During her performance of her track Hollywood, Madonna, 64, suddenly turned to Britney, 41, and shared a kiss with the Toxic singer before doing the same with Genie In A Bottle hitmaker Christina, 42. However, the trio could have looked very different as rumours have long persisted that J-Lo, 53, was meant to be part of the performance instead of Christina. She’s now confirmed the claims no doubt much to the shock, delight and disappointment of those who would have loved to have seen her part of the historic pop culture moment. Explaining how it didn’t pan out, Jennifer said: ‘I was filming a movie in Canada, and we had met—me, [Madonna] and Britney—to do it at her home. And then, I just couldn’t get off the film, and so, we couldn’t do it.’ She continued to E! News: ‘We had talked about it. I love Madonna. I’m a huge fan. I always have been,’ adding that Madonna’s Like A Virgin is her top karaoke song. The VMAs kiss was somewhat recreated just last summer at Britney’s wedding to Sam Asghari, with Madonna pecking a kiss on the popstar shortly after saying her vows. The headline-making set opened with Britney emerging from a cake wearing a wedding dress while singing Like A Virgin, recreating Madonna’s 1984 performance at the VMAs, before being joined by Christina. However, Christina has said she felt left out of the iconic moment as her kiss with Madonna wasn’t aired during the live broadcast. Speaking in 2018, she said: ‘It was weird. And you know why they cut away for it? Because they cut away to get Justin [Timberlake’s] reaction.’ ‘Yeah, because I definitely saw the newspaper the next day and it was like, “Oh, well, I guess I got left out of that”.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Kyle Richards blasts claims she used Ozempic after bikini snap: ‘I’m honest about what I do’ MORE : Jessica Chastain celebrates not catching Covid at Golden Globes by wearing diamond-encrusted mask  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 