The government is set to announce a new law that will ban all types of so-called conversion therapy, according to a new report. Transgender conversion therapy will be made illegal alongside other forms, ITV claims. It comes after huge protests erupted when Boris Johnson’s government tried to quietly drop the ban, which the LGBTQ+ community was promised five years ago. Put under pressure, the government quickly U-turned – but ministers refused to protect transgender people from the vile practice. Now, the announcement of a bill to ban all efforts to change a person’s sexuality or gender identity is expected in the next few days. Downing Street is said to have been shocked by the level of cross-party support for a total ban – including from Tories. Number 10 is reportedly overseeing the shape of the new law, rather than Equalities Minister Kemi Badenoch. The legislation won’t be published in full until later this year, although it’s understood Rishi Sunak is keen to complete the passage of the bill before the next election. But campaigners have warned that questions remain about what will and won’t be included. It remains unknown whether the legislation will involve loopholes on religious practices and conversion therapy that someone has ‘consented’ to. Jayne Ozanne, former equalities advisor to Number 10, told Metro.co.uk she is ‘relieved to learn that the government will include full protections for trans people’. ‘It’s good to hear that finally, after nearly five years, we are going to get the legislative ban that we have been so long-promised’, she said. But Ms Ozanne is concerned of potential ‘large loopholes’, cautioning that conversion therapy involving religious practices is ‘by far the most common form in the UK’. She said: ‘It must be stopped if #LGB+ lives are to be protected from this horrific abuse.’ In April, Metro spoke to a transgender woman who was strapped to a wooden chair and given electric shocks ‘to cure her’. More than 50 years later, Carolyn Mercer still struggles to feel positive emotions and says ‘the only person I ever hated is myself’. A government Equality Hub Spokesperson said: ‘The government remains committed to banning conversion practices in this country. ‘In order to ensure the ban is as effective as possible, we are currently analysing the responses to our consultation. We will set out our next steps in due course. ‘To help ensure that victims of this abhorrent practice have the assistance that they need, we have already established a new victim support service.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.