Prince Harry has made headlines recently for, among many, many other things, recalling an alleged fight with his brother, Prince William. In his memoir Spare, the Duke of Sussex has claimed Prince William physically attacked him in a row about his marriage to Meghan Markle, grabbing him by the collar and ripping his necklace before knocking him to the floor. In an interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby, Prince Harry described the incident by saying: ‘What was different here was the level of frustration, and I talk about the red mist that I had for so many years, and I saw this red mist in him. ‘He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to.’ While reports of tension in the royal household have abounded for quite some time, these new details paint a sad picture of just how bad things got between the brothers. Counselling Directory member Georgina Smith tells us that a fight turning physical is a sign that communication has broken down past ‘the point of no return’. She adds: ‘If there is any physicality between any two people, then communication has broken down to the point where there is very little point in continuing the conversation.’ So what can you do if things get this bad between you and a sibling? Psychotherapist Noel McDermott tells us it’s important to take a break from the whole situation as soon as you can. ‘Go for a walk,’ he explains, ‘Or get emotional support from someone outside the family. Focus on being and feeling safe, and de-escalation. ‘If it’s a one-off event it’s not likely to be significant long term, unless it was severe, or unless it’s associated with some larger patterns. ‘Young kids often “fight”, but as we get older, the potential for harm in our fights becomes more likely. ‘Especially with boys who become men, because in this case at some point there is enough physical bulk and muscle mass to inflict actual physical harm.’ There’s also a problem with men and physically fighting, thanks to the way society views boys and male behaviour. ‘It is important where possible to seek to work through the situation,’ Noel says, ‘but it can be a challenge if both parties are not equally prepared to compromise and look to take responsibility. ‘This can be seen particularly with males’ physical fights, which can be normalised as “boys will be boys” behaviour. We don’t take the time to help them work through this, and find less destructive ways of dealing with conflict.’ Georgina’s fellow Counselling Directory member Laura Colquhoun agrees that fighting is natural among children and teens as they try to figure out where they fit in in the family dynamic, and how to deal with big emotions for the first time. But it’s still very important that we grow out of that kind of behaviour no matter what gender we are. She explains: ‘Getting into a physical fight with a family member is never good, it never ends well. Hitting out and using aggression or violence suggests a loss of control and this not only can cause physical injury it can cause emotional damage too. ‘Of course, violence is never the answer. We all deserve to feel safe and to be respected so if you find yourself in a situation where you are fighting with a sibling, or an older sibling is attacking you, you should try and remove yourself from the situation – or if possible talk to your parents and involve them in what is happening. ‘Ask them to mediate and help you both resolve the problem without hitting each other.’ When discussing physical fights in the home, the question of abuse must also be addressed. Georgina explains: ‘Physical violence can be mutually abusive depending on circumstance, and that can apply to siblings too. ‘We often think of sibling relationships as excusing physicality because as toddlers/children, we don’t understand the difference between right and wrong.  But as adults, violence of any kind is highly dysfunctional. ‘Abusive relationships where there is a clear and consistent perpetrator and victim require specialist help and support.’ ‘The key question,’ says Noel, ‘is “has an abuse of power or situation taken place?” ‘If that has happened, then that has to be addressed and repaired. If it hasn’t, then it’s usually OK to settle for some equivalent of “both of you say sorry and shake hands”. And if you think you could be in danger, measures need to be taken to remove you from the situation. ‘If you feel you are in danger from a sibling, or they are seriously hurting you,’ Laura says, you can call organisations like Childline (if under 18). You can also call the police. ‘It is important not to accept violence and to understand when the problem is becoming worse, and when it changes from brothers and sisters just jostling a bit for power, to out-and-out abuse. Understanding where this line is is important. ‘As an adult, if you chose to be involved in a physical altercation because maybe you want to hit your sibling because you feel like you have been ‘wronged’, that is your choice, but ultimately violence doesn’t solve anything.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : ‘Christmas for us is a reminder of our freedom’: What estrangement looks like at Christmas MORE : I suffered years of abuse from my stepmother before running away from home MORE : Parasocial parents: How TV dads raised us when our families were absent