A cold weather warning has been issued for the whole of England, as icy conditions and snow hit this week. People have been encouraged to stay warm and to look out for those most at risk by the UK Health Security Agency. Pensioners and those with pre-existing medical conditions have been advised to heat their homes to at least 18°C. But government experts have acknowledged this isn’t possible for some after energy bills shot up. It comes after yellow warnings for snow and ice were put in place by the Met Office on Sunday. The nation will suffer through four days of cold weather from 9am this morning to 9am on Friday 20 January, forecasters have cautioned. Temperatures are ‘well below average for the time of year’ and transport chaos could be sparked by ice. Jason Kelly, Chief Meteorologist at the Met Office, said: ‘Cold, icy and sometimes snowy conditions are in the forecast this week with the UK seeing more of a north-westerly regime, with temperatures well below average for the time of year. ‘Wintry showers are likely at points through the week in the north of England. ‘Warnings have been issued and ice is likely to be a hazard for much of the week with some tricky travel conditions possible. ‘Maximum temperatures will largely only reach the low single figures with temperatures below freezing through most nights this week.’ It comes after wintry conditions moved in from the Arctic over the weekend, with people in areas such as Hexham, Northumberland, waking up to settled snow on Monday. An overnight low of minus 9.1C was recorded at Dalwhinnie in the Highlands, the Met Office said. Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at UKHSA, has warned cold weather can increase the risks of heart attacks, strokes and chest infections – particularly older people and those with pre-existing health conditions. ‘During this period, it is important to check in on family, friends and relatives who may be more vulnerable to the cold weather’, he added. ‘If you have a pre-existing medical condition or are over the age of 65, it is important to try and heat your home to at least 18°C if you can.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.