Paris Fashion Week did not disappoint – and we’re not just talking about the ensembles making their way down the catwalk. The celebs came from far and wide to catch a glimpse of the next bout of trends for spring/summer 2023, and their outfits had everybody talking. From Kylie Jenner’s shocking lion head dress to Doja Cat putting her make-up team through their paces in head-to-toe crystals, nobody played it safe. But, if you can’t go all out at Fashion Week, when can you, eh? Let’s recap some of the whackiest celebrity moments… The Kylie Cosmetics businesswoman made a roaring statement when she rocked up at the Schiaparelli show with an actual lion head perched on her shoulder. Ok, maybe it wasn’t a real lion head, but it definitely requires a second glance. The reality star, 25, donned a strapless black gown which pooled at her feet and paired the figure-hugging number with gold heels, carrying her belongings in a snakeskin purse. There’s no denying that the lion head made the statement, though, which was sewn onto the dress and looked extremely realistic. Kylie caused controversy with her look, with plenty branding it a form of ‘animal cruelty’ and accusing her of endorsing hunting. She wasn’t the only guest draped in a faux animal head though, as it seemed she was actually embodying the show’s theme of ’embroidered animals’. The brand shared on social media that the ’embroidered animals’ represented lust, pride, and avarice, with models walking the runway with leopard and she-wolf heads on their bodies. However, no animals were actually harmed in the making of the lewks. The most surprising moment of all, though, arguably came when the mother-of-two received praise from animal rights charity Peta. Describing the shocking accessory as ‘fabulously innovative,’ the organisation told Metro.co.uk that the three-dimensional animal heads ‘may be a statement against trophy hunting.’ ‘Next up: Peta urges Kylie and the others to extend this creativity to exclude sheep shorn bloody for wool and silkworms boiled alive in their cocoons,’ a spokesperson added. So, what do we reckon, was Kylie’s bold look utterly roarsome? We’d be lion if we said it didn’t slightly disturb us… The Kiss Me More rapper never does fashion half-heartedly, but Paris Fashion Week saw Doja Cat debut some of her wildest looks to date. Also attending the Schiaparelli show, the musician was literally unrecognisable – if you have trypophobia, this look definitely won’t be your fave. Having previously shaved off her hair and eyebrows, the Say So hitmaker was completely covered in red crystals (even her eyelids and lips!) which we’re 100% sure she’s still finding around her home days later. Doja – real name Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini – wrapped her torso in a figure-hugging corset that spilled out into a lavish beaded skirt and teamed the piece with red hot, knee-high heels. The 27-year-old added a letterbox-red cape for extra drama, and completed the dazzling outfit with statement earrings, because there’s no such thing as too much red or too many crystals… right? Oh but Doja wasn’t finished there, as she had another striking look up her sleeve for the Viktor and Rolf show. Totally transforming herself once more, Doja raised eyebrows as she sported a moustache and beard made using fake eyelashes. Serving detective chic, she also wore a tan and white oversized pinstripe suit and some cool blue-tinted glasses. Honestly, we kinda love it. While everyone else decided to layer on the fabrics to create their mad ensembles, Noah Cyrus decided to just… go without. We’ve all seen the backless gowns, but Noah Cyrus went one better, pulling up at the Miss Sohee Haute Couture show in an entirely frontless black dress. Serving NSFW Morticia Adams, Noah wore a Stéphane Rolland Haute Couture frock, with a giant chain necklace (barely) covering her nips, as she went braless underneath. If she was feeling the cold then Noah certainly didn’t show it, as she posed like a pro in the French capital. The daughter of Billy Ray and Tish Cyrus even decided to forgo a coat, allowing her clothes to speak for themselves. With her raven locks styled poker straight, a pair of towering heels on her feet, and rocking the bleached brows, Noah’s whole look definitely isn’t one we’ll forget. Of course, Paris Fashion Week saw some much tamer looks, such as Elizabeth and Catherine Debicki hashtag twinning at Dior, and Kylie Minogue embodying her Disco album in a yellow glitter suit. But if we can’t celebrate the weirdness of fashion during PFW, well, what’s the point? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Just when you thought you’d seen it all at Paris Fashion Week, we give you the ‘upside-down gown’ MORE : Kylie Jenner stuns in hourglass mermaid dress at Paris Fashion Week after sporting divisive looks 