Despite missing his ‘happy place’, Jeremy Renner has encouraged locals to ‘be safe’ in the snow as he continues to recover from his snowplough accident. The Marvel actor, 52, was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after he was accidentally run over by his own six-tonne ploughing machine while trying to help a family member. Since being hospitalised at the Renown Regional Medical Center in Reno, Nevada, Renner has continued to share updates on his recovery, having recently posted a video of himself being wheeled into a room with a scanning machine. On Monday night, Renner shared a picture on his Instagram story showing a high wall of snow, with the top of a house and snow-tipped trees peeking out. ‘Missing my happy place,’ the actor wrote alongside the snap. In a later post, he warned those living in the area: ‘It’s a rough ride over the pass. Be safe out there Reno/Tahoe.’ The messages came alongside reports that Renner’s friends are said to be worried that his recovery will take years. ‘It’s much worse than anyone knows. Jeremy is very aware of the fact that he almost died out there,’ one source told Radar. ‘The right side of Jeremy’s chest was crushed, and his upper torso had collapsed. ‘He also had a bad head wound that was bleeding and a leg injury.’ Alongside his updates, Renner has continued to promote the new season of the thriller series Mayor Of Kingston, in which he plays Mike McLusky. He has also thanked staff at the intensive care unit where he was taken following the incident, for ‘beginning this journey’. Renner’s snowplough incident took place around the New Year, near the Mount Rose Highway, which links Lake Tahoe and south Reno as it straddles the Nevada-California border. Immediately after the ordeal, Renner posted a picture of himself from his hospital bed, thanking fans for their support, but saying he was ‘too messed up to type’. Renner has been flooded with good wishes since news of his accident broke. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 