Juventus have been docked 15 points following an investigation into the Italian giant’s transfer dealings, it has been announced. Italy’s football federation, the FIGC, confirmed the punishment on Friday after Serie A’s financial prosecutor found the Turin club guilty of a number of financial violations that saved them millions in player salaries and transfer budgets. This included inflating transfer values and lying to financial officials in an attempt to save money over the past few years. Juventus were initially acquitted of any wrongdoing in April 2022, but the investigation was reopened in December, soon after the entire board of directors at the club sensationally resigned. Prior to the points deduction, Juventus were third in Serie A and 10 points off leaders Napoli, but now they have dropped to 10th and are 12 points off the Champions League qualification spots. Tottenham have also been caught up in the scandal, with their director of football Fabio Paratici, who had worked for Juventus for 11 years prior to moving to Spurs in 2021, also implicated. He has been handed a 30-month ban from Italian football, though this will not affect his role at Antonio Conte’s side and there is no suggestion that he has done any wrongdoing while at the north London club. Juventus meanwhile have denied any wrongdoing and intend to appeal the ruling. For now though, Massimiliano Allegri’s side are preparing to face Atalanta on Sunday. This is of course not the first time Juventus have been caught up in a damning scandal, having also been implicated as one of the clubs involved in the Calciopoli scandal, which saw them stripped of both the 2005 and 2006 Serie A titles, as well as getting them relegated to Serie B. MORE : Manchester United open to loan offers for youngsters Anthony Elanga and Facundo Pellistri MORE : Kepa Arrizabalaga makes Mykhailo Mudryk prediction ahead of Chelsea vs Liverpool For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 