The rollercoaster that is Katie Price and Carl Woods’ on-off relationship has taken another turn as he is reported to have moved back into her home. Former glamour model Katie, 44, and reality star Carl, 33, split in November last year after more than two years together. Carl had accused Katie of admitting to cheating on him, and the mum-of-five was seen without her engagement ring for weeks on end. However it has since appeared that the pair have made it up, with fans noticing the rock back on Katie’s finger and – even more telling – the model tagging Carl in a recent Instagram post of a meal. As the rumour mill began to swirl with speculation the former couple had rekindled their relationship, a source now insists that not only are they back together but Carl has moved back into the home they previously shared. A source told The Sun: ‘Katie and Carl are back together but she’s trying to keep it secret as not all of her family and friends approve. ‘He’s already living back in the house and she’s wearing the engagement ring again.’ Katie lives in the home – dubbed the Mucky Mansion – with her children Jett, nine, and Bunny, eight, whom she shares with ex Kieran Hayler, and son Junior, 17, and daughter Princess, 15, from her previous marriage to Peter André. She also has eldest son Harvey, 20, who is autistic, partially blind, and has Prader-Willi Syndrome, and lives between Katie’s home and a residential college. Over the weekend, the former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! contestant took to Instagram where she shared a photo of a roast at Pollyanna’s Kitchen in Sussex. Writing that she was enjoying ‘friends and family time,’ Katie tagged Carl’s account in the post, suggesting she was spending the day with the Love Island star. Katie and Carl began dating in June 2020, with Carl announcing it was over in a video in November, saying they were ‘not together anymore as Katie had ‘slept with somebody else.’ Despite the rumours, it’s possible Katie is still single as she recently swore off dating. ‘I’m exhausted with relationships to the point I don’t need a man or their validation. When and if I find love again it’s going to be a very long tick box to what I want,’ she said. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Katie and Carl’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price hints she’s back with ex-fiance Carl Woods as former couple enjoy cosy roast dinner together MORE : Nigel Farage flirts with Katie Price as she promises ‘you’re not my next husband’ 