Rylan Clark and AJ Odudu had viewers in hysterics with a cheeky X-rated joke they made during the allocation draw for Eurovision 2023. Broadcast live from Liverpool’s St George’s Hall, Rylan and AJ presented the official Handover ceremony, as last year’s winners Ukraine are unable to host and the UK have stepped in to take on the duties. The half-hour programme saw AJ and Rylan reveal which countries are participating in the first semi-final, and which in the second, taking part on Tuesday May 9 and Thursday May 11 respectively. After Stefano Lo Russo, Mayor of the 2022 host city, Turin, Italy, handed over the official keys of the contest to the Mayor of Liverpool, Joanne Anderson, the tele duo took to the stage and began reading out the names. But at one point, AJ got a little mixed up, as did viewers by her accent, it seems. ‘And so we have come to the final six remaining countries, who will each perform in the second semi-final, but which half will they be in?’ she began, reaching into bowl number two for a country name. However, she quickly noticed her mistake, side-stepping to the correct bowl number one and exclaiming: ‘Got my bowls mixed up!’ ‘Forgive me,’ she joked as Rylan picked up on the laughter and added: ‘It’s a common error!’ While they quickly moved on, viewers at home spotted the joke and couldn’t help but pick up on what AJ sounded like she had been saying. ‘”GOT MY BALLS MIXED UP”… Omg I love AJ,’ one person wrote. Another penned: ‘Obsessed w AJ constantly making ball jokes.’ Others picked up on how AJ’s accent made the word ‘bowl’ sound like ‘ball’, with one writing: ‘Bowl and ball sound like the same word in AJ’s accent. Love it!’ Someone else noted: ‘So many people across Europe must think AJ is saying “Ball” and not “Bowl”.’ ‘AJ Odudu pronouncing “bowl” appreciation tweet,’ another wrote. Elsewhere Rylan left fans seriously impressed with his impressive Eurovision knowledge, as he presented us with a fact for every single country drawn. ‘Rylan the Eurovision Encyclopedia let’s goo,’ one wrote, while another commented: ‘Rylan churning out Eurovision facts straight from his brain, what a don.’ The Eurovision Song Contest airs May 13 on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision Song Contest 2023’s date, location and how to get tickets to UK event MORE : Eurovision 2023’s trailer, logo and slogan revealed ahead of handover ceremony and allocation draw in Liverpool 