It seems 2023 is getting off to an interesting start as Una Healy is rumoured to be in a three-way relationship with boxer David Haye and model Sian Osborne. The Saturdays star, 41, had previously been married to rugby player Ben Foden, 37, with whom she shares two children, however they split in 2018. Una has since been linked with Limerick hurling star David Breen, however was believed to be single until recently, when speculation began swirling following some loved-up Instagram posts. The Tipperary native took a winter holiday to Morocco with boxer David, 42, and his model girlfriend Sian, 30, with the three seen cosying up to each other for photos in the sunkissed city of Marrakesh. One snap sees the three standing in a hotel swimming pool in swimwear, showing off their toned bodies, as David has an arm around both Una and Sian. Another sees the rumoured ‘throuple’ out for dinner at a romantic restaurant, both women holding David’s hand for the photo. It may be that the three are simply very close, and that Una joined David and his girlfriend for a holiday to Morocco following the madness of Christmas. However a source insisted to The Sun that not only is the rumoured relationship between David, Una and Sian true, but that they have been proudly telling friends and family about the arrangement. And while none of the rumoured partners have addressed the rumours directly, both Una and David shared cryptic, positive messages alongside their loved-up looking photos for the new year. Una, in a caption alongside the photo of each of them holding hands at a restaurant, said she had started the new year ‘in a comfortable place, feeling genuinely happy and at peace. ‘Here’s to this year being ours,’ she added. David shared the snap of him with his arms around the women at the pool, writing: ‘If a picture says a thousand words, then this one says exactly what it needs to.’ He said he began the new year ‘with the correct energy, surrounding myself with understanding beautiful human beings, who do not judge, but instead accept me for my authentic self. The support I get from so many amazing friends and associates, makes my world a much better place to live.’ David and Sian have reportedly been in a relationship since the blonde beauty modelled for his Black Mask Company, a business selling high-tech face masks, in 2020. Una’s recent interactions left fans wondering over the status of the trio’s relationship and they questioned what was going on in the star’s comment section. One wrote: ‘I’m confused?? Are ye all together?’ while another quipped: ‘So is this a throuple or what?’ Others however urged the singer to do whatever she liked, writing in their own words, ‘feck the begrudgers.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Una, David and Sian for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Una Healy enjoys cosy dinner date with new bestie David Haye and his model girlfriend MORE : Una Healy would love The Saturdays reunion in 2023: ‘I feel like the time is right’