Andy Taylor is doing his best to keep his spirits up following his diagnosis of incurable cancer. The former Duran Duran guitarist revealed last November that he had stage four metastatic prostate cancer. His news came after the musician was due to reunite with his former bandmates, including Simon Le Bon and Roger Taylor, at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, where they were being inducted. However, Andy, 61, was forced to pull out last minute after doctors advised him against travelling to the US from Ibiza. The appearance would’ve been the first time he made a public appearance with the group in 17 years. Now, the star has said that while he has been told there is ‘no cure’ for him, he is staying positive about the future. He told 5 News he has been committed to the idea that ‘I’m gonna live life’, and added: ‘There’s some new treatments that can help me. ‘I’ve made three albums since [my diagnosis], I went on the road with some friends of mine, the band Reef, and played some shows, which were fantastic.’ He went on: ‘I often say to people, every minute’s like an hour, every day’s like a week. You really wanna get the most out of life. ‘I’ve been very fortunate, I’ve had so much, in terms of living the dream, but because I do music, I think that’s probably really helped me to live with pessimism of an incurable disease.’ Andy’s diagnosis was revealed in a letter read by the band at their Hall of Fame celebration, with the members that after ‘a lot of preparation’, he ultimately felt unable to be part of the night. He said: ‘You lose all your testosterone in treatment – just that in itself, I bet most men don’t have a clue.’ The Rio rocker first noticed symptoms of the disease four-and-a-half years ago. He recalled being out jogging and starting to notice ‘what you would think was a kind of arthritic sort of pain,’ but he never thought anything more of it. The musician later noticed on  his neck ‘what felt like tumours’. He was given his diagnosis by a doctor, which Andy described as ‘a death sentence’. Andy didn’t have ‘any plan’ to reveal his illness to the world until he felt he had to after he couldn’t attend the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame event. But, he hopes as a result that it will promote more awareness of the disease. ‘I didn’t have any plan, and then afterwards, the amount of love and support of offers of help… I realised that by talking about it – Duran have quite a large female fanbase, so it’s like, your partner, your boyfriend – give them a nudge, get them a test.’ MORE : Jeremy Renner shares photo of snow-covered Lake Tahoe where he was crushed by plough as recovery continues: ‘Missing my happy place’ MORE : Jo O’Meara teases S Club 7 reunion and admits she’d love to get band back together: ‘You never know’ 