Miley Cyrus has revealed that her new album, Endless Summer Vacation, is on the way. The 30-year-old shared the stunning artwork and promo video for her eighth album on Instagram, ahead of a new single dropping next week. In the clip, the Wrecking Ball star could be seen lounging by an swimming pool and showing off blue skies and palm trees – making us all supremely jealous. The photo showed her swinging from a metal bar, dressed in a black halterneck swimsuit and strappy heels, complete with sunglasses. Alongside the posts, she simply wrote: ‘Endless summer vacation. The Album. March 10.’ Unsurprisingly, fans were living for the announcement, flooding her comments section with praise. ‘Maybe your best album cover yet,’ one said, as another yelled: ‘ALREDY YOUR BEST ERA AND ALBUM [sic].’ ‘Queen is back,’ an Instagram user declared. ‘2023 is going well alreadyyyy,’ a follower agreed. ‘THIS ALBUM IS ALREADY ICONIC,’ a fan added. Miley started this year with a bang on January 1, confirming that new music would be on the way very soon. She posted a brief video of herself strutting down the street, singing the words: ‘Yeah I can love me better than you can’. ‘NEW YEAR, NEW MILEY, NEW SINGLE. FLOWERS JANUARY 13,’ she added in the caption. The We Can’t Stop musician has had a busy few weeks, after hosting her very own NBC special New Year’s Eve party on December 31, alongside some very famous faces. In scenes that broke our minds, she invited Paris Hilton to the stage to perform an instantly-iconic duet of Stars Are Blind, with Sia also joining in. She also sang with godmother Dolly Parton, revealing the music icon had inspired her resolutions for the year ahead. ‘I guess my resolution would really be – my instinct is very loud, but I’m not a great listener sometimes,’ she said. ‘Dolly was telling me, her husband says, “You’re not hard of hearing. You’re hard of listening”. ‘And I guess that would kind of be my resolution, to not just listen to myself, but listen to others.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island eyeing up ‘model and fashion influencer’ – with bosses hailing her ‘the perfect islander’ MORE : Victoria Beckham jumps to Brooklyn Beckham’s defence over Sunday roast video: ‘It’s rare people, not raw’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 