Evidence on former President Donald Trump’s role in a hush payment to a porn star during his 2016 presidential campaign is set to be presented to a grand jury. The Manhattan district attorney’s office on Monday will start showing evidence of the payment made to adult film star Stormy Daniels in exchange for her silence on her alleged affair with Trump, The New York Times reported. Monday’s development indicates that Trump could potentially face criminal charges in the months to come, sources told the newspaper. A witness, David Pecker, was seen entering a judicial building in Lower Manhattan for the proceedings on Monday. Pecker is the former publisher of The National Enquirer, the tabloid that helped broker the deal for the 2016 Trump campaign to pay Daniels. Trump’s former personal lawyer Michael Cohen has admitted to paying Daniels $130,000 to keep her silent on her claims that she slept with Trump in 2006, less than six months after Trump’s wife Melania gave birth to their son. Trump has denied any wrongdoing. Prosecutors with District Attorney Alvin Bragg’s office have sought to interview former National Enquirer editor Dylan Howard and two Trump Organization employees, Jeffrey McConney and Deborah Tarasoff, sources told The Times. None of the three have yet testified before the grand jury. The sources added that prosecutors have reached out to Trump campaign officials and subpoenaed phone and other records that could reveal more details on what transpired in the hush payment deal. It comes just over two months after The Times reported that the district attorney’s office, newly under Bragg’s leadership, was jump-starting the investigation into the hush payments. That report came less than a week after Trump formally launched his 2024 presidential campaign. If Trump is convicted in the hush payment matter, he would face a sentence of up to four years, but serving time in prison would not be mandatory. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.