Arsenal have triggered year-long extensions in the contracts of Bukayo Saka and William Saliba, while they continue to work on securing both players on new long-term deals. Saka and Saliba, who have been two of the standout performers for the Gunners so far this season, were set to be out of contract in the summer, but the club has secured their futures at least until the end of the 2023/24 season by activating the clauses in their deals, reports ESPN. While this development sees the two players extend their current agreements, Arsenal are in talks with both to sign new, longer deals which will inevitably be on vastly increased wages. The two 21-year-olds have played in all 16 Premier League games so far this season, with Saka scoring six league goals and Saliba netting twice from centre-back. While the England international was a big part of the Gunners side under Mikel Arteta last season, the Frenchman has emerged as a first team regular this campaign after loan spells in his home country. Talks are also ongoing with Gabriel Martinelli, with the Brazilian’s contract running until the summer of 2024. The forward has also become an integral part of Arteta’s side, scoring his seventh league goal of the season in the 4-2 win at Brighton on New Year’s Eve. Martinelli is also just 21 and the Gunners are hoping that the trio will continue to be a big part of the club’s return to the very elite in the Premier League of the years to come. Arteta’s men are exceeding expectations so far this season, currently sitting seven points clear at the top of the table, losing just one of their 16 league games of the campaign so far. Up next is a tricky run of fixtures, though, hosting Newcastle, before a trip across north London to Tottenham and then welcoming Manchester United to the Emirates. MORE : Former Arsenal man Calum Chambers aims dig at Tottenham after Aston Villa win MORE : Joao Felix in contact with Thomas Partey as Arsenal battle with Manchester United and Chelsea for Atletico Madrid star For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 