This week, Uranus turns direct and Venus moves into Pisces and, put together, these two transits create the perfect environment to manifest your heartfelt and most daring dreams and goals. Use your imagination, visualise the most inspiring outcome you can think of, daydream a fantasy that genuinely moves you. And, I promise, if you make overt moves in its direction this week, you will find success, you will find traction and progress. Let the tarot guide you, this week, to your dream-come-true potential. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Death Meaning: You dream of a personal transformation, a total change in yourself which would be positive, significant and lasting. Everyone would notice, comment and applaud you. Why haven’t you undertaken this journey yet? Start now! Start this week and give yourself till November this year to have achieved your ultimate goal. You can do this, you were made for this, it’s time, you are ready. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Page of Swords Meaning: Pages often represent education and learning curves, and Swords can represent intellect and mental challenges. You want to learn something, acquire an important skill, absorb new language, take on board fresh stimulus and make something of it. This could be career-related or just totally personal. You are a deeply creative person and maybe it’s linked to that. Ponder and research your options. And do it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: The Fool Meaning: Reinvention and transformation are second nature to you, Gemini, as your Mercury ruler makes you adaptable and mercurial (literally). The Fool is the patron saint of new beginnings, exciting adventures, clean slates and fresh starts. Make that clean break you’ve been yearning to and head out on your new quest with high hopes and optimism. Don’t worry that you’re not ready – you only need take the first step, the rest will fall into place. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Two of Cups Meaning: You want your love life to feel like the movies. You want a happy ever after! You want to be swept off your feet. The Two of Cups shows you letting your daydreams meander over the romantic side of your life. Visualise your dream lover, your perfect relationship, your ideal duo. And manifest it! Make overt in making it a reality. Lead by example. Be the change. Ask them, talk to them, tell them. You can manifest a dream lover this week. If you are single then other Water signs look positive – Cancer, Pisces, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: The Magician Meaning: The Magician is an invitation to invent, create, manifest, and activate. Take your raw talents, gut instincts and true desires and turn them into something new that you bring to the foreground and present, pitch or do this week. This card represents entrepreneurs so this could be a call to action to go it alone, certainly to do something brewing from your own unique blend of skills and strengths. Get creative. Innovate. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Eight of Coins Meaning: You are already underway with your big idea, your dream project, your personal challenge but you’ve been flagging. It has gotten to be tiring and difficult and you’ve wondered about giving up. Virgo, the Eight of Coins tells you to dig in and push on. The effort is worth it. The results are going to start flooding in real soon and you will be glad you persisted. Don’t give up, keep going. Your dream can happen. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: The Tower Meaning: Libra, sometimes there are some things in your realm that you’d like to (figuratively) blow up! You are so tactful and diplomatic that you struggle to end stuff, walk away cleanly, cut ties, or say ‘no’. This week, dream about all the things you wish would disappear. Make a list. Know what you want rid of. The Tower shows the Universe is listening and will manifest your desires. Unwanted things will start to crumble, fade and collapse. Let it all fall down. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Three of Cups Meaning: Everyone paints Scorpio as a bit of a ‘Wednesday Addams’ character but you’ve got sunshine too. Actually, you’ve been dreaming about having more fun, kicking back, going on holiday, organising social things, playing and chilling. Get to it! The Three of Cups brings lots of ideas and opportunity this week to book things, join things, and do things that will bring a lighthearted and playful energy to your life. Much needed and much deserved. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Ace of Wands Meaning: You are in full on activation mode. The week’s astro vibes plus the Ace of Wands sees you wanting as much new energy in your realm as is humanly possible and, given you are ruled by abundant Jupiter, that could be quite a bit. All change! Start new hobbies, rituals, relationships, roles, applications, processes, ideas, books, fashions, routes, habits and foods. Refresh everything you can, and revel in the sensation of being shiny new and energised. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Three of Coins Meaning: You want to network and create the kind of professional (and personal) connections that can weather any storm and see you get ahead no matter what unfolds. You know it’s not what but who you know that opens doors. The Three of Coins has you making friends with influence, impressing others, expanding your circles, nurturing your priority contacts, rekindling old connections, brushing up on social media. It’s all for a worthy cause: your continued success. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Page of Cups Meaning: You are feeling creative and imaginative, and you want to make something that lets this energy flow and expresses your emotions in a surprising way. Sing a song, write a poem, make a vase, bake a cake, draw a portrait, invent a game, plant a bulb or flower, start a window box, rearrange your lounge or bedroom, knit a scarf, sew a skirt. I don’t know what, but the Page of Cups urges you to pour your creative powers into manifesting something tangible you can use, enjoy and maybe get better at over time. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Queen of Cups Meaning: Self care is a major theme for you in 2023 – taking good care of yourself, making it the default, changing your schedule and environment to make this the path of least resistance. The Queen of Cups wants you to make this week a model week, where you live each day as the ideal version of this lifestyle with self care at the top of the priority list. You will be amazed at the difference it makes and you will want to keep it going. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : The New Moon in Aquarius helps you solve your biggest issue – each star sign’s tarot horoscope MORE : What does the Year of the Rabbit mean? Traits, compatibility, and 2023 horoscope MORE : I visited a manifestation coach and this is what happened