Jeremy Renner’s sister Kym shared details on how her brother is recovering following his snow plough accident and said they’re ‘thrilled’ with his progress. The actor was severely injured after the seven-ton machine crushed him on New Year’s Day at his home near Lake Tahoe. Washoe County Sheriff Darin Balaam has since confirmed that at the time of the incident, Jeremy was assisting a family member as they attempted to free a vehicle stuck in the snow. Kym offered an update on behalf of the Marvel actor’s close family members and revealed they were all feeling hopeful he would continue to make positive tracks toward a full recovery. Explaining he was ‘crushing all the progress goals’, Jermey’s sibling chatted with People on Tuesday. She told the outlet: ‘We couldn’t feel more positive about the road ahead. If anyone knows Jeremy, he is a fighter and doesn’t mess around.’ Spending his 52nd birthday in ICU, The Bourne Legacy actor has undergone two surgeries – one to place metal pins around his legs, the other a chest surgery – after his unfortunate accident left him in critical care. Since arriving at the hospital, the star uploaded his own personal updates to fans and followers on social media, the first of which was a selfie from his ICU bed. Jeremy showed off the bruises on his face and penned in the caption: ‘Thank you all for your kind words. Im too messed up now to type. But I send love to you all. [sic]’ Family members to the rescue, the next post came in the form of a video clip that featured his sister and mother as they gave their loved one a pamper session and offered him a relaxing scalp massage. Alongside the sweet footage, he wrote: ‘A “not no great” ICU Day, turned to amazing spa day with my sis and mama. Thank you soooooo much[sic]’. On Saturday, Jeremy celebrated his birthday and turning 52 at the hospital and shared a snap on his Instagram story the day before. In the photo, the movie star posed with the medical team that assisted him on his recovery journey thus far. Above the sweet moment that featured the staff surrounding Jeremy’s bed, he typed: ‘Thank you Renowned Medical ICU teal for beginning this journey.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Colin Farrell reveals he’s ‘been in touch’ with former co-star Jeremy Renner after his horrific snowplough accident MORE : Jeremy Renner thanks ICU staff for ‘beginning this journey’ while recovering from snowplow accident  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 