Australian Open champion Aryna Sabalenka has admitted that Wimbledon’s ban on Belarusians at the 2022 Championships was ‘really tough’ for her. Tennis players from Russia and Belarus were banned from playing at SW19 last year – a decision taken by the All England Club amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Their controversial call split opinion with the ATP and WTA eventually stripping Wimbledon of its ranking points for the 2022 tournament and Billie Jean King has urged organisers to reverse the ban for 2023. World No.5 Sabalenka – who had reached the Wimbledon semi-finals in 2021 – was one of the players unable to compete and was quizzed how she felt about the ban following her win over Elena Rybakina in Saturday’s Australian Open final. ‘I mean, missing Wimbledon was really tough for me,’ Sabalenka said after her win over 2022 Wimbledon champion Rybakina as the 24-year-old became the first neutral athlete to win a major, with Russians and Belarusians unable to play under their nation’s flags since the invasion of Ukraine began in February last year. ‘It was a tough moment for me…. [but] it’s not about Wimbledon right now. It’s just about the hard work I’ve done. I think everyone still knows that I’m Belarusian player. That’s it.’ Sabalenka was also asked how she planned to celebrate after winning the first Grand Slam singles trophy of her career. ‘It’s tough to explain what I’m feeling right now,’ she added. ‘I’m just super happy and proud! I don’t know how to explain. Just the best day of my life right now. ‘I will have some good pizza and a lot of sweets. Maybe a little bit of champagne. ‘I think during these two weeks I really was super calm on court, and I really believed in myself a lot, that my game will give me a lot of opportunities in each game to win this title.’ Novak Djokovic – who faces Stefanos Tsitsipas in the men’s singles final on Sunday – congratulated both Sabalenka and Rybakina following the women’s singles final. ‘Congratulations @sabalenka_aryna,’ the 21-time major champion posted on Instagram. ‘@lenarybakina amazing tournament.’ Djokovic is bidding to win his 10th title at the Australian Open and equal Rafael Nadal’s 22 Grand Slam trophies. MORE : Aryna Sabalenka wins Australian Open title after stellar comeback win over Elena Rybakina MORE : Novak Djokovic sends message to Stefanos Tsitsipas ahead of Australian Open final 