Jeremy Renner shared a video update from intensive care after his harrowing accident. The Marvel star was airlifted to hospital over the weekend after being ‘completely crushed’ by a snow plow, leading to serious blood loss. He later underwent surgery for blunt chest trauma and orthopaedic injuries, with his rep confirming that he is in a ‘critical but stable’ condition. Taking to Instagram, the 51-year-old revealed his bruised face in a new clip, as he thanked fans for their support. In the brief footage, he seemed in good spirits as he received a head massage in his hospital bed. ‘ICU spa moment to lift my spirits,’ he wrote beside the upload. ‘Thank you mama. Thank you sister. Thank all for you for your love [sic].’ Jeremy was rushed for medical attention after he was run over by his own snow plow on January 1. He was taken to intensive care after the ‘weather-related accident’, and was surrounded by his loved ones while he received treatment. Following the news, a string of his Marvel co-stars were quick to offer their support and hopes for a speedy recovery. On Monday, his rep offered an update on his health, telling Metro.co.uk in a statement: ‘We can confirm that Jeremy has suffered blunt chest trauma and orthopaedic injuries and has undergone surgery today, January 2nd 2023. ‘He has returned from surgery and remains in the intensive care unit in critical but stable condition. ‘Jeremy’s family would like to express their gratitude to the incredible doctors and nurses looking after him, Truckee Meadows Fire and Rescue, Washoe County Sheriff, Reno City Mayor Hillary Schieve and the Carano and Murdock families. ‘They are also tremendously overwhelmed and appreciative of the outpouring of love and support from his fans.’ In a press conference, Sheriff Darin Balaam said the Avengers actor was assisting a family member outside his home due to the heavy snow fall – when he suffered critical injuries. Sharing details on the incident, the sheriff said: ‘On Sunday morning at 8.55am a 911 call was received for a crash, involving a Snowcat vs a pedestrian. ‘The subject has been run over by a Snowcat in the area of Mount Rose Highway.’ According to the ongoing investigation, Jeremy’s personal vehicle had become stuck – so he got on his plow and successfully towed it, before getting off the Snowcat. ‘It’s at this point it’s observed the PistonBully [Snowcat] started to roll, he attempted to get back into the driver’s seat of the PistonBully,’ the sheriff said. ‘It’s at this point Mr Renner is run over by his PistonBully.’ Balaam noted that they didn’t suspect any foul play and that it was a ‘tragic accident’, and wished him a speedy recovery. Notes from the 911 call were obtained by TMZ, and included harrowing details of the seriousness of the accident. In the call log and notes, Jeremy is said to have been ‘completely crushed’ by the 14,000-pound Snowcat, and was bleeding heavily from his head. Detailing the accident, he reportedly had ‘extreme difficulty’ breathing as the right side of his chest collapsed and his upper torso was crushed. It states the dad-of-one could be heard moaning in pain in the background during the emergency call. Jeremy returned to Instagram after the incident, ‘sending love’ to those who had reached out. ‘Thank you all for your kind words,’ he wrote beside a bruised selfie. ‘Im too messed up now to type. But I send love to you all [sic].’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC celebrates as huge EastEnders Christmas is streamed 23 million times online MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Hamza Yassin ‘feuding’ with Giovanni Pernice over Jowita Przystal ‘romance’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 