Mindful drinking and the sober curious movements may be soaring in popularity, but some people will continue to drink like they always have. But what beverages will people be ordering the most in 2023? Experts have shared their drink predictions – including what they think will be noticeable trends throughout the year. Here’s what to expect over the coming months… Emily Jago, a group wine buyer for JKS Restaurants, says wine on tap is increasingly becoming popular – both on the casual and premium end of the drinks industry. She says: ‘Not only does it hit the mark in terms of sustainability (one 20 litre keg equals 27 standard bottles, saving 22kg of glass waste), customers are also becoming more comfortable and familiar with it as a pour; the fact it is served in refillable glass bottles rather than getting the full cork-pulling tableside experience isn’t the hindrance it once was, and it’s the same juice inside. ‘It is also an advantage for businesses looking to avoid spoilage and wastage.’ Liam Evans, the head sommelier and beverage director of the Ainsworth Collection, says that while English sparkling wines are well-estalished, it’ll be the still ones taking over this year. He says: ‘Bacchus, a grape that does well in our climate, is a good alternative if you like Sauvignon Blanc. Camel Valley as well as Flint Vineyards produce notable Bacchus wines. ‘They’re crisp and fresh – perfect with seafood. Chardonnay is doing well for us as well with people like Chapel Down, Tillingham and Danbury Ridge leading the way. There are even some great reds coming through as well.’ David Moore, the owner of Pied à Terre, thinks 2023 will see a shift to quality over quantity. He says: ‘Consumers are becoming increasingly aware, knowledgeable and discerning. ‘Better quality will be on most people’s agenda. 2023 will see a significant dip in demand for generic New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc and a considerable uptick in demand for home grown wines; along with better quality and interesting non-alcoholic options – particularly kombucha.’ Echoing other drinks experts who offered their predictions late last year, Will Rogers – the head of beverage and Kricket and SOMA – says rum will surge in popularity. He says: ‘It’s always hard to predict exactly what drink trends will take hold in the upcoming year, however I believe there is one category that is certainly growing within the bar scene – which, ultimately, will trickle down to home drinkers. It certainly isn’t a new category but rum has huge space for growth. ‘From white rum to spiced, from aged to agricoles, there is such huge diversity in the category and now it’s finding a place firmly within the UK bar scene – with some smaller craft distillers making their own in the UK.’ Markus Bosel, the bar manager at Fallow, says this year will see more conscious and sustainable drinking. ‘I think British spirits such as Hepple and Sapling, which are made with quality local ingredients, will become more and more popular,’ he explains. ‘Championing local produce has been a focus in the hospitality industry for a while now and bartenders will start to follow this “trend” when choosing spirits to use in their cocktails.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The future of fashion: Experts predict sci-fi looks will be big in 2023 MORE : From seaweed to snails – experts say these are the top food trend predictions for 2023 MORE : Airbnb reveals travel predictions for 2023 – with staycations still going strong