Rylan Clark has opened up about how he treated Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes while he was suffering from depression following the breakdown of his marriage. The TV presenter split from his husband Dan Neal last year after six years of marriage, and has been open about the toll it took on him. He has previously said that ‘there were weeks that I couldn’t speak’ and was hospitalised after suffering two heart failures during the difficult time. In a new interview, Rylan opens up about his breakdown, calling it ‘the lowest time of my life,’ and how he was trying to do ‘everything I could for my body to shut down.’ The 34-year-old said: ‘A friend is someone, like last year, when you are at your lowest, they will try and do anything to help you. ‘I remember, I didn’t want to see anyone at the house and I became really agoraphobic, and my mum called Ruth and Eamonn, and they turned up at my house.’ He continued on The High Performance podcast: ‘Eamonn got really upset because I was clearly visibly very sick, as did Ruth, and I didn’t want to see them. ‘I just remember breaking down and saying, “Get out, I don’t want to see anyone. I don’t want to see anyone”. ‘And they had driven two hours to get there, but they did that not because it was going on Instagram, not because they are going to get kudos from people on Twitter, they did that because they cared, they did that because they cared about me. And I would do the same.’ He added: ‘It reminded me there’s life outside of the front door. I didn’t want it, but it reminded me that I was someone before all of this s**t. ‘You forget that you’re a person when you’re going through all of that, you forget that you’ve got a body, you forget that you’ve got a brain, and you forget that you’ve got a voice. ‘And they were obviously really, really shocked at how I was speaking.’ ‘Ruth and Eamonn are like my mum and dad,’ he added. Elsewhere on the podcast, Rylan revealed horrific messages sent to him by trolls, including one terrifying moment when a hotel worker said they’d ‘slice’ his neck while he slept. ‘I don’t care if someone calls me talentless,’ he began. ‘I don’t care if someone says “big tooth p***k”.’ ‘It’s like, I’ve got money in the bank, I’m fine babe.’ He continued: ‘But when someone’s saying “I can see you currently on your balcony of your room, 401, and I’ve got a key card because I work here and I’m going to slice your neck in your sleep.” ‘Then you sit there go “f**k, that’s a bit too much information that they know”.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rylan Clark pays Eamonn Holmes surprise visit amid recovery from back surgery – and obviously tests out presenter’s new stair lift MORE : Rylan Clark reveals terrifying incident when hotel worker said they’d ‘slice’ his neck 