Arsenal have ’24 to 48 hours’ to decide if they wish to stay in contention to sign Ivan Fresneda in January, according to reports. Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund have taken the lead over the Gunners in the race to sign the 18-year-old Real Valladolid star. Arsenal and Dortmund have both agreed a €15m (£13.1m) fee with Valladolid for the right-back, with both sides agreeing personal terms with the player. The decision is now down to Fresneda, who has shone in La Liga this term, but Marca claim the full-back is leaning towards a move to Germany. Arsenal, though, are not out of the race just yet and reportedly have ’24 to 48 hours’ to decide how to proceed in negotiations. Dortmund are pushing to complete the deal but Fresneda has not yet made a final call on his next destination. Valladolid want Fresneda to be loaned back to the club if he leaves in the January window – a demand Dortmund are believed to be currently discussing. Fresneda will allegedly not be swayed by whichever club offers to pay him the most money, with his priority guaranteeing first-team football for himself. Arsenal are looking for cover at right-back with Cedric Soares expected to join Fulham before the transfer window closes. Takehiro Tomiyasu is the club’s first-choice option in that role but having struggled with injuries this season, Ben White has regularly been deployed down the right. Arsenal have made two signings this month to strengthen their title bid with the Gunners five points clear at the top of the Premier League with a game in hand over second-placed Manchester City. Jakub Kiwior sealed his move to north London on Monday, joining from Italian side Spezia in a deal worth £20m. The club have also brought in Leandro Trossard in a £27m deal from Brighton. Mikel Arteta’s side return to action on Friday as they face Pep Guardiola’s City in the FA Cup fourth round. MORE : Arsenal may miss out on Weston McKennie as Premier League rival steps up talks MORE : Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville make their Premier League top four predictions 