When Shakespeare asked ‘what’s in a name?’ he probably didn’t realise the mood-killing powers of a bad one. Nobody wants to scream their lover’s name in bed and get the ick, and a name can be sullied forever by a person you disliked in the past too, leaving a bad taste in your mouth by association every time you utter it. Everybody has their own preferences but certain monikers have the opposite effect, making you instantly think of love and lust. Sex toy brand Lovehoney set out to reveal the sexiest names, using characters from erotic novels and romantic movies to determine the magic formula. The retailer assessed character names from 100 bestselling erotic fiction books from Amazon and Goodreads alongside 120 of the most successful romantic films from IMDB, with a tight race for each gender’s top three spots. The ranking for women saw Mary in first, thanks to films like Something About Mary, About Time, and Ammonite. Joint second was Rachel, Kate, Julia, and Eva, while Susan, Sophie, Mia, and Anna shared third. According to the study, Jack is the sexiest name for a man, with nine romantic leads bearing the moniker, including Titanic’s Jack Dawson and Brokeback Mountain’s Jack Twist. Nick, James, and Ben all tied for second. Peter and Joe came in joint third. According to the top entries, short is sweet. All of the names in Lovehoney’s ranking were made up of seven letters or fewer, which suggests length may be a deciding factor when it comes to attraction. Behavioural psychologist and dating coach Jo Hemmings commented: ‘People with abbreviated names appear more approachable and friendlier, less intimidating. ‘A diminutive name gives a sense of warmth and informality.’ Scientific experiments have also found that men’s names with ‘e’ or ‘i’ sounds are most attractive, but names with fuller, rounder vowel sounds – such as ‘u’ -tend to be less so. In women, Lovehoney says: ‘Round-sounding names such as Laura tend to be considered more attractive than those with smaller vowel sounds.’ So if your name didn’t make the list, perhaps consider dropping a few letters in your dating app bio or going for a nickname. Because a rose by any other name doesn’t necessarily smell as sweet. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Post-coital dysphoria could be why you feel sad after good sex MORE : This couple never share a bed – and say it makes their sex life ‘passionate and spicy’