French actor Adama Niane, best known for starring in Lupin, has died at the age of 56. Niane played assassin and ex-convict Léonard Kone in the hit Netflix series, which launched in 2021. His cause of death has not yet been confirmed. Lupin quickly became one of the most watched non-English series on the streaming platform, based on the novels by France’s Maurice LeBlanc, who created the character in 1905. The show is a retelling of the classic French story about Arsène Lupin, the world-famous gentleman thief and master of disguise. Lupin became the first French series to land on Netflix’s Top 10 list, hitting the number one spot in countries such as Spain, Poland, and Brazil. As for Niane’s other roles, his most recent project was 2022 TV series L’lle aux 30 Cercueils (The Island of 30 Coffins), in which he played Yannick Lantry. His acting CV also includes Get In, Baise-Moi, Alex Hugo, Maroni, and Inhuman Resources. Tributes have poured in for the late star, with fellow actors remembering him fondly. Lupin co-star Omar Sy – who plays Assane Diop – led the heartfelt messages, hailing his friend a ‘man of rare benevolence.’ ‘I extend my deep condolences to the loved ones of Adama Niane, an immense actor alongside whom I had the chance and the pleasure of playing,’ he penned. ‘A man of rare benevolence… May his soul rest in peace.’ Get In film director Olivier Abbou shared the sad news on social media, writing: ‘It is with immense sadness that I learned of the passing of Adam Niane, with whom I had the pleasure of working on the 2 seasons of Maroni and Fury.’ The filmmaker added in French on Instagram: ‘We haven’t left each other for 4 years, sharing intense human and artistic adventures at the end of the world, Guyana, St Pierre and Miquelon and even Lille (that is! ). He was engaged, lit, whole, talented, powerful. He was my hero, a friend, and an accomplice. Go in peace.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Original Wednesday Addams star Lisa Loring dies aged 64 after suffering ‘serious stroke’ MORE : Comedian Rickey Smiley announces son Brandon Smiley has died aged 32 