The surviving cast members of Ghostbusters are supposedly set to appear in the upcoming Ghostbusters: Afterlife sequel. Bill Murray, Sigourney Weaver and Dan Ackroyd are among the stars from the 1984 classic who will be featured in the next movie in the franchise. Alongside a return of old faces, filmmakers are reportedly planning to shift the action from New York to London. Giving the storyline’s backdrop a new look while keeping old actors in their once iconic roles was allegedly an attempt to revive the series ‘magic’. A source told The Sun newspaper’s Bizarre column: ‘Studio bosses are taking a classic franchise, setting it in a new location but keeping the magic of the original. ‘It’s going to be brilliant. ‘Ghostbusters’ has always been synonymous with New York, but to mix things up this time the team was thinking of other great cities with a haunted history.’ The source continued: ‘London is perfect. It gives so much license to look back at classic landmarks and British history, but still in an urban setting. ‘The plans look very cool, and getting the original stars interested wasn’t difficult. They all love the movies and look back at them very fondly.’ The news comes a month after it was announced Gil Kenan will be directing the sequel, with the Ghostbusters Afterlife filmmaker moving into a writer-producer role. Gil said: ‘It’s an absolute honour to pick up the proton pack and step behind the camera for the next chapter of the Spengler family saga. ‘I just wish I could go back to 1984 and tell the kid in the sixth row of the Mann Valley West that one day he was going to get to direct a Ghostbusters film.’ Jason – the son of the late Ghostbusters director Ivan Reitman – revealed: ‘A few years ago, my father handed me the keys to Ecto-1, and together we made Ghostbusters: Afterlife. ‘Words will never express how grateful I am to have made a film with my father by my side. ‘It’s now time to hand those keys to my creative partner and fellow Ghostbuster Gil Kenan, a brilliant director who will keep the Spengler spirit alive. ‘I can only hope to provide him the same producorial care and support that my father showed me.’ Ghostbusters: Afterlife cast members Paul Rudd, Finn Wolfhard, Mckenna Grace and Carrie Coon are all set to return for the new movie. Metro.co.uk contacted Bill, Dan and Sigourney’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ghostbusters: Spirits Unleashed review – busted multiplayer MORE : Ghostbusters director Ivan Reitman dies in his sleep aged 75  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 