Bryan Kohberger, the suspect accused of killing four college students in Idaho, agreed to return to the state after a hearing before a judge in Pennsylvania. Kohberger, 28, appeared in a Monroe County courtroom on Tuesday shackled and wearing red prison garments. Kohberger responded simply ‘yes’ or ‘no’ to each question Judge Margherita Worthington asked him. When Judge Worthington asked him if he suffered from any mental illnesses or was taking medication for any mental illnesses, Kohberger answered ‘no.’ Judge Worthington ordered Kohberger to be transported to Idaho in the next 10 days. The entire hearing lasted about 10 minutes. ‘Arrangements are currently being made to transfer Kohberger back to Idaho,’ Pennsylvania State Police Lt Commissioner Christopher Paris confirmed. In the meantime, he is being held at Monroe County Correction Facility. At a press conference after the hearing, Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Robert Evanchick expressed sympathy for the families of the victims in Idaho. ‘No words can heal the pain associated with the loss of a child. Their young lives ended too soon.’ He also reiterated that many details about the investigation must remain sealed until Kohberger appears before a court in Idaho. ‘Specific details regarding this investigation cannot be released until the suspect is extradited to Idaho and presented with a probable cause affidavit.’ He could confirm that the State Police became involved when the FBI contacted them about surveillance assistance for the suspect in Pennsylvania. To bring Kohberger into custody, State Police deployed a ‘high-risk’ tactical team trained to serve potentially dangerous warrants. On the evening of December 29, the tactical team prepared to execute the warrants at Kohberger’s parents’ home in Chestnuthill Township. ‘In the early hours of Friday, December 30, those warrants were executed,’ Paris said. ‘Mr Kohberger was taken into custody with no incident.’ Paris estimated there were about 50 state police personnel at the scene on Friday morning. He also confirmed that ‘force’ was used to break into the home, including multiple windows and doors. First Assistant District Attorney Mike Mancuso said that his office stood ready to assist investigators in Idaho by looking into Kohberger’s activities in Pennsylvania. ‘I definitely believe one of the reasons the defendant chose to waive extradition and return to Idaho was a need to know what was in those documents,’ Mancuso added. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.