Love Island star Tanya Manhenga has opened up about the aspirations she has for her career, emphasising how committed she is to completing her degree once she’s out of the villa. In just a few days, the 2023 series of the ITV reality competition is blasting onto our screens with a brand new cast of excited singletons yearning for love, lust and the holiday of their lives. Among them is 22-year-old Tanya, who hails from Manchester and is studying for a degree in biomedical science. Before the start date for Winter Love Island, Metro.co.uk and other media had a chance to speak to Tanya, who revealed that her passion for her degree came as a surprise because she ‘did it really last minute’. Looking forward to what life is going to be like when her time in the villa in South Africa comes to an end, she said: ‘It’s definitely something I’m gonna get back to when I finish Love Island. I love it.’ Tanya’s course inspired her to want to work in embryology, she shared, so that she can help people try to conceive babies through IVF (in vitro fertilisation). ‘If Love Island wasn’t there, or even after, I would’ve continued to finish my degree and then I would have done embryology, which is working with IVF – so an embryologist, working with IVF, helping people have babies and stuff,’ she stated. ‘That was the only job that I really wanted because it’s the most rewarding to me. I want to wake up and do something where I’m like, this is helping. That’s definitely what I would go to.’ Tanya is almost finished with her university course… but is just a term away from completing it, having deferred it to allow her to finish it at a later date. So how did her mum feel about her putting her degree temporarily on hold to seek love overseas? ‘My mum was so happy that I was at the end of the degree, because she would have hated it if I’d just left it in the middle,’ Tanya admitted. ‘So she was a bit like, “Are you sure?” and then after she realised I’d done most of my degree, she was literally like go for it, this seems like something you would do. She was so supportive.’ With dream dinner party guests including Stormzy, Anthony Joshua, Channing Tatum, Tanya admitted that she does fall in love easily, but still keeps her ‘cards close to her chest’. However, any guys wanting to get close to her will have to be wary of her ‘icks’… which include not wearing socks in the house. ‘Guys that don’t wear socks in the house. Why are your feet flapping all around the house? Guys have huge feet too, yuck,’ Tanya said when opening up about her turn-offs. ‘Also, guys in the bathtub with no bubbles, such an ick, no.’ Love Island returns on Monday at 9pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Maya Jama confesses she even lied to her own mum about becoming Love Island’s new presenter MORE : Love Island 2023 star Will Young criticised by PETA over ‘disgusting’ farming content 