Jadon Sancho may make his Manchester United comeback against Reading in the FA Cup on Saturday. At least that it what Erik ten Hag hinted at in his pre-match press conference on Friday when sharing an update on the England international who has not played since the 1-1 draw with Chelsea back in October. Back in December, it was revealed that Sancho was training away from United’s first-team, with Ten Hag saying that the winger was struggling ‘physically and mentally’. Big things were expected of the 22-year-old following his £73million move to Old Trafford off the back of his sensational form for Dortmund, but life in Manchester has proven incredibly difficult with just eight goals and four assists in 52 appearances so far. Though he has fallen down the pecking order, behind the likes of Marcus Rashford, Antony and Alejandro Garnacho, many are still hopeful he can re find his form and the clash against Championship side Reading could be the perfect game in which to do it. And having returned to United training 10 days ago, Ten Hag has suggested Sancho could play some role against the Royals. The manager said: ‘He is training with the team and we will see. He is improving, he is making steps, we will make the decision after the training. ‘He’s on the way back, he’s making steps, so he’s back in team training and now we have to see when he is ready to go back into the games.’ In other team news, Anthony Martial and Diogo Dalot remain out but Luke Shaw could return having missed the Nottingham Forest win through illness, while Harry Maguire is available again following his Carabao Cup suspension. Ten Hag added: ‘Dalot is definitely out, and I think also Shaw [is] a question mark. We have to see after this training session, after this day, if he [Shaw] is available or not. ‘We always have issues, but I think tomorrow, we have a strong selection for this game. We have a good squad, we have depth in the squad, so we can cover things. ‘That’s on paper [that United are heavy favourites]. Football is never decided on paper. We want to win every game, so we plan every game fully and the next game is also the most important game. ‘We have to be ready for every game, every opponent will be tough, especially in the cup for them it’s a perfect chance, we have to be aware of that, be on the front foot, be focused and show energy.’ MORE : Chris Sutton makes Liverpool prediction ahead of Brighton FA Cup clash MORE : Sergio Aguero hits back at ‘disrespectful’ Zlatan Ibrahimovic over Argentina World Cup comments For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 