Is Katie Price’s ex Kris Boyson starting 2023 as a married man? The 34-year-old dated glamour model Katie, 44, for a year before they announced their engagement in July 2019. However, the couple never made it down the aisle, as they split in November of that year, with Katie admitting to Kris that she had cheated on him. Now all loved up again, Kris has sparked rumoured that he’s wed Elizabeth Tierney, after they were seen arriving at the Me London hotel on The Strand. The couple put on a loved-up display, holding hands and cuddling up, but the biggest hint came in the form of Elizabeth’s tracksuit. Elizabeth, who used to date Jamie O’Hara, donned a cream matching set with the word ‘Wifey’ embroidered on the leg. The model wore a beaming smile on her face, which could easily be interpreted as post-wedding bliss, as she exited a chauffeur-driven Rolls Royce to celebrate her 30th birthday. And while no wedding ring appeared to be on her finger, there was certainly no missing the huge rock on her engagement ring, which sparkled as she wrapped her arms around her other half. Fitness instructor Kris confirmed his engagement to Elizabeth earlier in 2022, proposing after just two months of dating. The reality TV star celebrated their engagement in style with a reception at Cave Hotel in Faversham, packed full of friends and family. Ex on the Beach star Kris also shared a snap of himself and Elizabeth holding Mr and Mrs mugs. Meanwhile, Elizabeth co-parents a young daughter named Arabella from a previous relationship. She previously shared that their blended family works perfectly, writing on Instagram that stepdad Kris always puts Arabella ‘first.’ ‘I’ve come into the most beautiful amazing family, I couldn’t of asked for more, the smile on our faces says it all,’ she penned on social media. ‘Thank you to my husband to be you really are one in a million, thank you for always putting me and Arabella first and being the kind, caring, loyal man you are and showing me what true love really is. I love you x.’ Reps for Kris Boyson have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price scorns Channel 5 documentary about her ‘rise and fall’: ‘I am on my way up – I’m not falling at all’ MORE : Katie Price reveals results of latest boob job with bandage after 16th surgery amid claim she wants ‘biggest breasts in Britain’ 