Colin Farrell is ‘beyond honored’ after landing his first ever Oscar nomination, thanks to his incredible stint in Banshees of Inisherin. The 46-year-old stars as Pádraic Súilleabháin in the critically acclaimed flick, beside Brendan Gleeson, Barry Keoghan and Kerry Condon – who have also earned nods for their roles. Celebrating his nomination, he told PA in a statement: ‘[I’m] just so grateful to the Academy for all the love it’s shared with the Banshees’ cast and crew. ‘Also, beyond honored to be lumped together with my fellow nominees. A heartfelt congratulations to all the lads.’ ‘What an amazing wake-up call,’ Brendan, his close friend and co-star, agreed. ‘I’m so proud and grateful to be part of The Banshees Of Inisherin on a personal and professional level. I’m absolutely thrilled for the whole brilliant cast and everyone at home. ‘What a day for the Irish film industry on a world stage. Feels like a huge family outing on the cards. ‘Thank you, Academy. Thank you, Martin. Thank you all.’ The Banshees of Inisherin is helmed by Martin McDonagh and follows the story of Pádraic Súilleabháin (Colin), who struggles to come to terms with the fact his best friend Colm Doherty (Brendan) no longer wants to be associated with him. It has been wildly popular with critics, and nabbed a whopping nine nominations – tied with Netflix’s All Quiet On The Western Front. Only Everything Everywhere All At Once has racked up more nods, with 11 mentions. Colin has already enjoyed a successful awards season, as he was recently named best actor in a musical or comedy at this month’s Golden Globes. ‘To work on this film, I never expect films to work or to find an audience and when they do, it’s shocking to me,’ he told the crowd. ‘I’m horrified by what’s happened around Banshees over the last couple of months, in a thrilling kind of way.’ The Oscars are due to take place in Los Angeles on March 12. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Fabelmans review: It’s no wonder Steve Spielberg’s latest masterpiece is up for 7 Oscars MORE : Jamie Lee Curtis is pure emotion as she celebrates first-ever Oscar nomination at 64: ‘This is what surprise looks like!’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 