A doctor has warned hospitals in the UK are so overrun that people in war-torn Ukraine are getting better care. Paul Ransom sent a letter to his local newspaper The Argus in Brighton, saying staff are at their wits’ end and we should redirect ‘humanitarian efforts’ to the NHS. When he’s not working in Sussex, Dr Ransom travels the world responding to natural disasters and helping in warzones. ‘Sometimes I feel guilty at seeing my NHS colleagues trying to keep patients safe and sometimes even keep them alive in conditions that are worse than those I see in many hospitals I work in abroad,’ he wrote. ‘In Ukraine, Georgia, Sri Lanka, Zimbabwe and many other places I have worked, I very rarely see corridors overflowing with patients waiting for a cubicle, with nursing and medical staff at their wits’ end how to pick the most serious patients to bring in into a resuscitation room doubling up on beds. ‘No other country in Europe would expose patients to these conditions. ‘Sometimes when I read my WhatsApps from Brighton when I am deployed overseas, it seems to me that we should be redirecting our humanitarian efforts to the corridors in UK hospitals such as our own in Sussex rather than in conflict countries abroad.’ Dr Ransom, who was given an OBE for his work abroad, stressed hospital management should not be blamed for the current crisis. His warning comes after NHS trusts across Sussex declared a critical incident on December 30 due to the increasing number of hospital admissions from flu and Covid. Non-urgent operations had to be cancelled and some staff were brought back from annual leave over Christmas. The incident has now been stood down, but people are being urged to use services ‘wisely’, with additional measures remaining in place to manage ‘the current pressures’. Dr George Findlay, of University Hospitals Sussex NHS Foundation Trust, said: ‘Our staff are doing a phenomenal job in really tough circumstances, and I wish to convey my immense gratitude for all they are doing to care for patients and each other at such a difficult time. ‘We know the current A&E department in Brighton is not an ideal environment, which is why we are planning how to expand the space available following the opening of the new Louisa Martindale Building on the County site this year.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.