Coleen Rooney has paid tribute to her late younger sister Rosie on the 10-year anniversary of her death. Rosie died at the age of 14 in 2013 after a lifelong battle with Rett syndrome – a rare brain disorder that causes severe disabilities. According to the NHS, Rett syndrome is a rare genetic disorder that affects brain development, resulting in severe mental and physical disability. It is estimated to affect one in 12,000 girls born each year. Coleen, 36, has taken to social media to pay tribute to her sister – who was adopted by her parents at the age of two – sharing a gorgeous family photo, featuring her husband Wayne Rooney. The sweet photo sees Rosie being cuddled by her mum, Colette McLoughlin, as the family pose on a beach. Coleen simply captioned the post: ’10 years today……We all love and miss you Rosie Mc 💞.’ The star’s fans were quick to send their own messages of condolences, with one writing: ‘Thinking of you all today, particularly mum and dad. Losing a child at any age is tragic. Rosie was surrounded by love and affection RIP.’ A second added: ‘Awww I can’t believe it’s 10 years, god bless you Rosie, sending love to you and all your family coleen.’ While a third penned: ‘Ten years where does the time go, Rosie was such a beautiful child. Thinking of you all today Col.’ Coleen’s mum Colette and dad Tony knew that Rosie was disabled when they adopted her but didn’t know the full extent of the incurable decision. They wrote in a heartbreaking statement at the time of Rosie’s death: ‘Sadly our special angel Rosie, our much-loved daughter and sister, went to Heaven at 2.50 this morning at home where she was surrounded by her loving family. ‘Rosie was just 14 years old and fought a lifelong battle with Rett syndrome. Throughout her life she brought so much love and happiness to all our family and everyone who knew and met her. ‘She was such a strong little girl and an inspiration to us all. We shall cherish for ever the memories we have shared and the love she showed us each and every day of her life. ‘As a family we are heartbroken but we are blessed to have had her in our lives.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rebekah Vardy and Coleen Rooney defiantly ignore Wagatha Christie TV drama with family snaps MORE : Wagatha Christie drama star Chanel Cresswell thinks she’d make as good a detective as Coleen Rooney 