Christmas might have come and gone, but London can still be a winter wonderland for the rest of the season. After all, snow isn’t exclusive to Christmas itself. So, if you’re someone who loves the idea of a cosy day spent inside watching flakes fall from the sky, or you’re the opposite and dreading snow-related chaos like we saw last year, what’s the likelihood of snowfall? Here, we look at the long forecasts to see if we’ll be walking in a winter wonderland – or there’s snow hope… According to the Met Office, snow nearer the end of January is likely, but people shouldn’t expect blankets of snow. From January 5 to 14, it’s mostly going to be wet across the UK. As their long forecast explains: ‘A weather system from the Atlantic is expected to push into the south of the UK. This bringing cloud and possibly heavy rain across the south.’ ‘For the rest of the period, Atlantic systems are likely to continue to bring rain, heavy at times and strong winds with a risk of gales across the UK, and locally longer spells of rain in the northwest. ‘The wettest and windiest conditions will most likely be in the north and west, and driest in the east and south. Temperatures overall will be near average or mild.’ There’s only a smaller chance of snow between January 15 and 29. As per their forecast: ‘Occasional colder interludes may bring a risk of fog, frost, and snow, but generally temperatures will be mild for most.’ BBC Weather is also not showing any snow in the coming days across London. Temperatures hover between 8°C and 10°C on average, but it will hit highs of 14°C and 13°C on January 4 and 5 respectively. The high(er) temperatures and forecast rain mean that snow is very unlikely. The picture is pretty similar for most of February. Weather25’s long forecast has temperatures ranging between 6°C and 12°C. Their forecast also shows a mostly dry month in the capital, with just a few days of rainfall currently predicted. It’s not until the very last days of February – 27°C and 28°C – that light sleet could be expected. MORE : Met Office issues another yellow alert for large parts of UK MORE : Met Office says 2022 will be the UK’s hottest year ever Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.