A young boy’s game of hide and seek went badly wrong after he became trapped in a shipping container and was discovered six days later in a completely different country. The 15-year-old, who has been identified only as Fahim, started his journey after deciding to hide in a shipping crate while playing a game in his home country of Bangladesh. Unbeknownst to him, the container was actually bound for Malaysia, and when he nodded off after spending several hours camped out in the hiding spot he inadvertently found himself packed up and sent on a 2,000 mile journey across the ocean. The container left Bangladesh on January 11 and didn’t arrive in Malaysia’s Port Klang for another six days, leaving Fahim trapped inside with no access to food or water. The terrified and starving youngster was eventually discovered by port staff nearly a week later after he was heard banging on the walls for help, which prompted the Marine Police Force, local immigration officers and health department to investigate. Footage of a disoriented and visibly fatigued Fahim emerging from the container was shared online. In the video he is clearly dehydrated and confused, surrounded by strangers and unable to speak the local language. He briefly talks to locals before being placed on a stretcher, and was taken to hospital for treatment where he is reportedly in a stable condition. Although authorities initially suspected he may have been a victim of human trafficking, there was no evidence of a crime taking place and they appeared to drop their investigation after officials managed to communicate with the boy. In a statement home minister Datuk Seri Saifuddin Nasution said: ‘When the vessel arrived at Westport and the container was unloaded, authorities found the boy inside. ‘He is the only one found inside the container. A police report has been lodged and the boy, who has a fever, was taken for a medical examination. ‘We are now in the process of repatriating him. He was the only boy found inside the container. ‘We are not linking this to human trafficking because the initial investigation found that he entered the container, fell asleep and (was transported to) Malaysia.’ Police added that Fahim’s case had been passed on to immigration officials so he could be sent back home on the same vessel he arrived in. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.