Yellow weather warnings are in place across the nation as people wake up to to snow in both the North and South. The Met Office’s ice alert covers the centre of the UK until 10am, when conditions are expected to improve in most areas apart from northern Scotland, which is set for snow. Overnight sleet will have left behind slippery surfaces which could cause ‘injuries from slips and falls’ and ‘icy patches on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths’. Heavy rain turned to snow in places, including the south-east coast, which was covered by a yellow warning until 8am today. Met Office meteorologist Craig Snell said the cold conditions moved in from the Arctic over the weekend. He said: ‘We could well see some wintry showers develop tonight across the middle band of the UK, with a risk of snow on high ground and slippery surfaces on lower areas. ‘This could be a problem during rush hour, it could cause a few problems on the roads. The risk of flooding is still there.’ Mr Snell said rain will clear from the South East from 10am, and most of the nation will be dry with sunny spells through the rest of Monday. Temperatures are expected to drop overnight to -2C in London, -1C in Cardiff, and -3C in both Edinburgh and Belfast, while Highland areas of Scotland could see -10C. The rest of the week is predicted to be cold with patchy showers, particularly in northern areas, until temperatures rise at the weekend. A lengthy yellow Met Office warning for snow and ice covers northern Scotland until 10am on Wednesday. Sarah Cook, flood duty manager at the Environment Agency, has said workers will continue dealing with flooding in the areas which were worst hit by the weekend deluge on Monday. Speaking on Sunday night, she said: ‘Recent heavy rainfall means river levels will remain high, so some minor flooding is still possible in small parts of south-west England, and the West Midlands into Monday. ‘We could see more rain tonight in the south of England too, giving the possibility of a minor risk of flooding to isolated properties. ‘With the ground saturated, communities in these areas should check their flood risk. ‘The Environment Agency is monitoring flood levels, operating flood gates and barriers at locations across the country, and ensuring debris screens are clear from blockages to ensure communities are better protected.’ Ms Cook advised people to stay away from swollen rivers and to avoid driving through flood water. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.