A mum who was ‘ready to plan her funeral’ after she was diagnosed with a brain tumour has welcomed a little girl. Emma Webster, 29, was convinced her life was over after doctors found a brain tumour behind her right eye in January 2019. But baby lzabella was born on October 31st 2022, and Emma and her fiancé, Kieran McGurk, 32 – who already have a seven-year-old son Alfie – are ‘over the moon’ with their daughter’s arrival. The pair now plan to get married in 2024, as Emma has yearly scans to check if the tumour has grown. But Emma says she has more important things to think about – her baby girl Isabella. ‘I don’t think about the tumour too much now I have a little baby girl to focus on. Alfie adores her,’ said Emma, an administrator, from Scotland. Emma’s symptoms started with an excruciating toothache — doctors thought it could be her root canal, which Emma was already booked to have taken out. She had the surgery, but the pain remained. Emma said: ‘Afterwards, I started experiencing numbness at the top of my mouth and on the tip of my nose. ‘I went to see another GP who thought I had neuralgia and gave me medication for that. ‘I was being treated for six months but it wasn’t helping at all, and my symptoms were getting worse, and I had blurred vision.’ In January 2019, Emma sought advice from a third GP who referred her to a neurologist. She went for an MRI scan and three days later she was given the news that she had a brain tumour in her right eye. ‘I was told it was benign, but I was ready to plan my funeral,’ she said. ‘I kept thinking. “Why me? What have I done wrong?” I could only think of Alfie and what would happen to him if he lost his mum.’ Emma lost her nana, Alice, to a brain tumour in February 2001. She was just 55. ‘My parents were so worried that the same thing would happen to me,’ Emma said. In March 2019, Emma had an operation to remove 70% of the benign tumour. It left her with debilitating headaches and balance issues for eight months until she started taking medication. Following the procedure, Emma, Alfie, and Kieran, a teacher, moved back in with Emma’s parents until she was able to become more independent. Emma was in and out of hospitals for months, struggling with her balance and headaches. Eight months later, things improved and they bought a new home. She had to stop taking the medication a year ago when she fell pregnant with Izabella. Emma said: ‘Sometimes I still get numb feeling on the side of my face and my eyesight is really bad on the right side. ‘But I feel well enough in myself… the tumour is not my main focus anymore. Emma still suffers with root pain, vision lost and numbness but is able to look forward to her future ‘I can’t believe I’ve now got to the stage I am not always having to be at the hospital but instead we bought our new home, I am getting married next year, and I’ve got a newborn. I never thought that would be the case back in 2019. ‘I really wouldn’t have got through the last three years without such supportive family and friends. Kieran and Alfie have been beyond amazing. ‘They still amaze me to this day with how strong they have been while standing by my side.’ In September 2022, Emma completed a five mile ‘Walk of Hope’ while eight months pregnant to raise funds for brain tumour research. Matthew Price, community development manager at Brain Tumour Research said: ‘We’re really grateful to Emma for taking part in the Walk of Hope, as it’s only with the support of people like her that we’re able to progress our research into brain tumours and improve the outcome for patients like her who are forced to fight this awful disease.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Man with incurable brain tumour outlives prognosis by two years and plans to run London Marathon MORE : Teen who kept falling asleep at school diagnosed with brain tumour MORE : Mum who thought facial swelling was down to Botox diagnosed with brain tumour