Prince Harry has said that if his family gets back to what it was like before he and Meghan left then it could lead to world peace. The Duke said during his ITV interview that if he reconciled his relationship with his father and brother it would have a ‘ripple effect across the world.’ Speaking to Tom Bradby he said: ‘I genuinely believe that, and I hope that when it gets to that stage, when there can be a constructive conversation, that again I have tried. ‘I have spent a lot of money through legal trying to find some form of reconciliation, and it almost feels as though this status quo internally they feel as though it’s better to keep us somehow as the villains as opposed to. ‘I genuinely believe, and I hope, that reconciliation between my family and us will have a ripple effect across the entire world. ‘Maybe that’s lofty, maybe that’s naïve, whatever.  But I genuinely feel that.’ While speaking about his relationship with the rest of the Royal family he also said: ‘Well they’ve shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile up until this point.  And I’m not sure how honesty is burning bridges. ‘You know, silence only allows the abuser to abuse.  Right?  So I don’t know how staying silent is ever gonna make things better.  That’s genuinely what I believe. ‘ He added: ‘Knowing the monarchy as I know it from something that I was brought up in, for me it’s always been about uniting people. ‘And it breaks my heart that the British tabloid press have so successfully – hang on – have so successfully managed to create this divide and this conflict at the same time as a culture war in the UK. ‘So you talk about peace.  Peace can happen when there’s truth.  And between my family and myself it is up to us to reconcile, but the only way that can happen is by keeping that – the antagonist out of it.’ The tell-all interview comes just hours before his book ‘Spare’ is set to be published in the UK. The Prince, 38, also spoke about his relationship with his mother, and how his father broke the news to him that she was dead. He also spoke about fighting with his brother, how he still thought his mum was alive and ‘hiding’ and also defended senior Royal Lady Susan Hussey over her alleged racist comments. You can read the full interview on our website. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.