A Russian mercenary group claim to have found the body of a missing Brit in Ukraine. Christopher Perry, 28, and Andrew Bagshaw, 48, were last seen on Friday. They were heading to the town of Soledar in the eastern Donetsk region of the country, where heavy fighting is reported, and contact with them was lost. Pictures appearing to show the passports of the two missing British aid workers have now been posted by the pro-Putin Wagner private army. This fighting unit – mostly prisoners recruited in jails – was behind Russia taking control of former resort town Soledar and its salt mines. In addition, Wagner posted a volunteer certificate for Parry in their Telegram account. The group did not specify whose body was allegedly found. A spokesperson for the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office told Sky News: ‘We are supporting the families of two British men who have gone missing in Ukraine. ‘We are aware of recent reports and are in touch with the Ukrainian authorities.’ Earlier this week, the families of Christopher and Andrew spoke of their pride at the work of the two aid workers. Christine Parry, Christopher’s mother, told MailOnline: ‘It’s all very raw at the moment. ‘We are just trying to inform family members about what is going on.’ His father Robin Parry added: ‘We are all very proud of Chris and the work he has been doing.’ Christopher had joined other volunteers on a rescue mission in Ukraine to help people escape bombed areas. Speaking to Sky News last year he said: ‘I went to a military command unit and spoke to a number of soldiers who described Bakhmut as the ‘worst place they had ever been’. Andrew, a resident of New Zealand, was in Ukraine to assist in delivering humanitarian aid. A statement on behalf of his parents was released and read: ‘Andrew is a very intelligent, independently-minded person, who went there as a volunteer to assist the people of Ukraine, believing it to be the morally right thing to do. ‘Andrew’s parents love him dearly and are immensely proud of all the work he has been doing delivering food and medicines and assisting elderly people move from near the battlefront of the war.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.