Gwyneth Paltrow has is scrapping New Year’s resolutions for 2023 because she’s got ‘nothing left to quit’. The 50-year-old star has insisted she’s ‘too old’ to use the new year as motivation to improve her life – besides, she’s already quit everything so she’s not got many options left. Writing in her Goop newsletter, she said: ‘I’m not a big resolutions person because I think it sets us up to fail. I try to set broader goals and work toward them all year. ‘I think about the little incremental changes I can make as opposed to some big sweeping thing. Also, I’m so old now and have been doing this for so long that I kind of have nothing left to quit. It becomes about less-tangible things.’ So while some of us might be cutting back on chocolate or making use of that gym membership, Gwyneth has very different goals. She continued: ‘I think the new year is a good time to reassess: What kind of leader do I want to be? What are my goals at work? ‘What kind of parent do I want to be now that my kids are older? I always imagine an ideal future state—and then I think about: What do I need to do to get there?’ Elsewhere in the newsletter the Iron Man actress, who is married to Brad Falchuk and has kids Apple, 18, and Moses, 16 with ex Chris Martin, took the chance to reflect on the lessons she learned in 2022. A big realisation came when Apple went off to college, and Gwyneth had to learn to ‘let go’ as their mother/daughter relationship took a new turn. ‘As a parent, you are so entwined with your child. When they’re a toddler, you are their sun and moon—and they’re yours. And then when they leave the house, you’re confronted with these new ideas of life’s progressions and chapters,’ she said. ‘The way that I got through the grief of that was a continuous letting go – letting go of control, ideas, perceptions, what I hope for her. And retrenching in – you know, you can always be someone’s sun. ‘The role of a parent is to give off love and to give off light. And you don’t expect that much in return.When they’re little, you get a lot – a lot of hugs, and they sleep in bed with you when they have a nightmare. ‘When they’re adults, you have to retreat back to just giving sun. I had to embody that, and I really had to let go.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gwyneth Paltrow scrapes tongue and sips celery juice every morning as she unveils grooming routine MORE : Gwyneth Paltrow hilariously confesses  to TP’ing Arnold Schwarzenegger’s home: ‘Don’t tell him’ 