Kelly Brook showed off her impressive Wushu skills on Tuesday, and boy can she kick butt! The radio host shared a clip of herself practising the martial art with her teacher Hu and after busting out a series of high kicks, she somersaulted across her mat. Kelly, who recently revealed the next decade is all about ‘owning her body’, also posted a separate video of Hu performing an impressive series of moves while she watched from the back of the gym. Clearly missing her martial arts instructor, Kelly, 43, captioned her clip: ‘Miss my teacher Hu!’ It comes after the model revealed that over the next seven years, she plans to focus on herself and not worry about ‘people pleasing’. Kelly reflected on her personal growth since the beginning of her time in the fashion industry – which she entered as a 16-year-old after she won a beauty competition. The famous face looked back on how ‘unhappy’ she was as she struggled to maintain a healthy lifestyle years ago and shared her delight at feeling anxiety free in her later life. ‘You get into your 40s your like, ugh I can breathe. I don’t feel need to prove myself or people please anymore,’ she told Vicky Pattison on her Vicky Pattison: The Secret To podcast. Kelly continued: ‘Between 40 and 50 this is an amazing time where you can just own your body, love your body, feel good in your body. ‘You know you don’t have to be a size 0, but you can still feel fit and healthy and still be desirable to your husband but not always be on a diet.’ When questioned about her well-being during her modelling heydays, the star answered: ‘You’ve got to look at your life in a holistic way and I think there was a long time when I was very career driven, very focused on myself and very self-obsessed.’ She further explained: ‘Not to say that that wasn’t a good thing but it did make other parts of my life suffer and ultimately, it made me unhappy, and I think that plays a huge part in your health and your lifestyle and how you feel about yourself. ‘I look back on pictures of when I was like younger and I’m like she was really unhappy.’ Thankfully, since tying the knot with long-term partner Jeremy Parisi in a lavish Italian ceremony last year, Kelly has been thriving. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden says she doesn’t want daughters ‘anywhere near’ Love Island as she slams show for being ‘just about looking hot’ MORE : The Last of Us fans claim Nick Offerman is ‘exception’ to straight actors playing gay roles: ‘He changed my mind’ 