This year’s Critics’ Choice Awards is in full swing with Kate Hudson, Julia Roberts, Ben Stiller and Matt Smith among the stars gracing the red carpet on Sunday evening. After taking a few days to recover from the Golden Globes last week, our favourite Hollywood celebrities have dusted off fresh designer outfits and flocked to the Fairmont Century Plaza hotel in Los Angeles, California. Julia Roberts was among the first to arrive and kept it simple yet elegant in a floor-length black gown with dashes of gold across the chest and sprinkled on the sleeves, allowing her red hair to give the look a pop of colour. The Erin Brockovich star is nominated for best actress in a limited series or movie made for television thanks to her role in Gaslit. The White Lotus actress Jennifer Coolidge, who warmed hearts with her hilarious speech at the Globes, also opted for a minimal black number finished off with a pair of long gloves. On the opposite end of the colour spectrum was The Queen’s Gambit actress Anya Taylor-Joy, who shone in a gold dress and sheer skirt, while Glass Onion star Kate Hudson dazzled in a metallic gown. Former Spider-Man star Andrew Garfield looked uber cool rocking a blush pink suit. He was in good company as The Crown actor Matt Smith jazzed up his look with a cream blazer and black trimmings. Speaking on the red carpet, Matt said: ‘It’s really lovely to be invited to the party… it’s lovely to be part of it and be invited – let’s see if we win.’ Asked what he would do to celebrate a win, he kept it humble and said: ‘Probably go and have a few lagers with my mates, a few lagers and a steak dinner.’ Fresh from her Golden Globes win, Black Panther Angela Bassett was positively glowing as she posed alongside actor husband Courtney B Vance on the red carpet. Normal People actress Daisy Edgar-Jones donned one of the most daring looks of the night so far, with her toned abs on show in a crop top and a deep side split crawling up her thigh. The nominations for this year’s Critics’ Choice Awards are dominated by sci-fi thriller Everything Everywhere All At Once, which has received 14 nods. The film – starring Michelle Yeoh, Ke Huy Quan and James Hong – was nominated best picture and best comedy, as well as several acting nods. Everything Everywhere All At Once is joined in the top category by Martin McDonagh’s The Banshees Of Inisherin, which also received nine nominations in total. However, the awards has been mired by some celebrities being forced to pull out of attending, with Colin Farrell, Brendan Gleeson, Michelle Pfeiffer and Jamie Lee Curtis testing positive for Covid. The Critics’ Choice Awards will air live in the US on CW from 7pm ET (12am GMT). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 