A third interview with Prince Harry has finally aired offering more revelations about the Royal Family. The Duke of Sussex is gracing our screens again as he speaks on ABC News’ Good Morning America ahead of the official release of his tell-all memoir, Spare. Titles ‘Prince Harry in his own words’, the interview offers a glimpse into the effect his mother’s tragic death had on him when he was just 12. He stressed that the Royal Family did not know how to deal with what happened to Princess Diana, adding he wished he had therapy at the time. Interviewer Michael Strahan asked him: ‘Were you surprised seeing some of these things within yourself that you have seen other soldiers suffer from that could go back to your childhood, when you lost your mother?’ To which Harry said: ‘For me, it was very much post traumatic stress injury (PTSI) – more of an injury than a disorder. ‘I have tried to reframe it as an injury, because you can actually heal from it.’ The duke also revealed what the late Queen thought about the so-called ‘Megxit’. He has insisted his grandmother was not angry or upset with him about wanting to step down as a senior working royal, and move to the US with his wife. Mr Strahan asked him: ‘Did the Queen ever express that she was upset with you? For wanting to change your role.’ Harry said: ‘No. My grandmother and I had a very good relationship. It was never a surprise to anybody, least of all her. ‘She knew what was going on. She knew how hard it was. She never said to me that she was angry. I think she was sad that it got to that point.’ In the interview, Harry also opens up about his troubled relationship with ‘arch nemesis’ Prince William and admitted to having responsibility in the breakdown. He admitted that their mother would have left ‘heartbroken’ about the rupture. ‘There has always been this competition between us, weirdly,’ the prince said. He then added: ‘What people do not know is the efforts that I have gone to to resolve this privately, both with my brother and with my father.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.