Rylan Clark is open to dating again following the breakdown of his marriage in 2021. The 34-year-old struggled with depression when his six-year marriage to Dan Neal ended but has now spoken candidly about finding someone new and explained exactly what he’s looking for. ‘I’d like to be with someone. I would like to share, I am quite a sharer,’ the TV star, whose real name is Ross, noted. ‘I like giving and looking after people. For the past year and a half, I have not been doing that and for the first time Ross has had to be on his own.’ ‘I’m 34 and I’d never lived on my own in my life,’ added Rylan. Speaking on The High Performance podcast, the presenter also told hosts Jake Humphrey and Professor Damian Hughes about the breakdown he suffered when his marriage ended, calling it ‘the lowest time of my life’. Rylan revealed that Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford visited his home to see how he was doing, but he told them to ‘get out’. He shared: ‘A friend is someone, like last year, when you are at your lowest, they will try and do anything to help you. ‘I remember, I didn’t want to see anyone at the house and I became really agoraphobic, and my mum called Ruth and Eamonn, and they turned up at my house.’ Rylan went on: ‘Eamonn got really upset because I was clearly visibly very sick, as did Ruth, and I didn’t want to see them. ‘I just remember breaking down and saying, “Get out, I don’t want to see anyone. I don’t want to see anyone”. ‘And they had driven two hours to get there, but they did that not because it was going on Instagram, not because they are going to get kudos from people on Twitter, they did that because they cared, they did that because they cared about me. And I would do the same.’ He added: ‘It reminded me there’s life outside of the front door. I didn’t want it, but it reminded me that I was someone before all of this s**t. ‘You forget that you’re a person when you’re going through all of that, you forget that you’ve got a body, you forget that you’ve got a brain, and you forget that you’ve got a voice. ‘And they were obviously really, really shocked at how I was speaking.’ ‘Ruth and Eamonn are like my mum and dad,’ Rylan sweetly noted. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna Celebration tour: How to get tickets and how much are they? MORE : Love Island’s Tom Clare might regret coupling up with Olivia Hawkins as she chats to Haris Namani 