Lorraine Kelly has vowed to take legal action after a Twitter account falsely said she had lost a stone in just six weeks. The Scottish presenter was fuming when she stumble across the tweet on the social media account on Wednesday, branding it ‘b****x (sic).’ The user, which only has 23 followers, had claimed the 63-year-old had lost weight following a ‘new diet.’ However, an angry Lorraine retweeted the post, commenting: This is utter c**p and I have reported – please do not believe this utter utter b****x. ‘I’m furious and will be taking legal advice.’ Many of her fans rallied around the daytime TV star to share their support, saying they had also reported and blocked the account. ‘Glad you are taking action against this.. my girls read things like this and wonder how to do it,’ a follower raged. Another added: ‘Go get them Lorraine, you are an amazing human being, a beautiful soul,’ while Lorraine herself thanked a follower for reaching out to Twitter. The news comes after the host, who shares daughter Rosie with husband Steve Smith, revealed she had enjoyed a quiet Christmas and New Year as she had recently undergone surgery on her shoulder. She said on Lorraine: ‘I had a wee operation on my shoulder, it’s been annoying me for ages.’ As a photo of her showing off her sling appeared on screen, Lorraine continued: ‘Thank you to Professor Levy and his brilliant team because, oh my goodness, keyhole surgery is incredible. ‘I just had to remove some calcification and a little bit of bone and, yeah, I’m doing my physio and I’m all fine. But we had a really quiet one at Christmas and New Year. ‘Rosie and Steve looked after me and Rosie obviously takes after me in the cooking department, not,’ she giggled as a video of a dessert made by her daughter was shown on screen. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lorraine Kelly in hysterics as it’s suggested she eats her Christmas tree: ‘Am I having a mad dream?’ MORE : Lorraine Kelly reveals she is recovering from surgery she underwent days before Christmas: ‘I’m getting there’ 