Regé Jean-Page – who soared to fame after starring in Netflix’s Bridgerton – has reportedly been deemed the most attractive man in the world. The 34-year-old actor who played Simon Basset, the Duke of Hastings in the smash hit period drama, was analysed against ancient scientific research and the results proved his face was a real money-maker. According to the Greek Golden Ratio of Beauty Phi – which measures physical perfection – Regé was found to be 93.65 per cent accurate. Following hot on his heels was Thor’s Chris Hemsworth with 93.53 per cent, Michael B Jordan of Black Panther with 93.46 per cent and coming in fourth place, singer and heartthrob Harry Styles with 92.30 per cent. Dr Julian De Silva, a Harley Street facial cosmetic surgeon, compiled the list using the latest computerised mapping techniques and regularly turns to the technology in his everyday work. Explaining how the process works, the professional said: ‘These brand new computer mapping techniques allow us to solve some of the mysteries of what it is that makes someone physically beautiful and the technology is useful when planning patients’ surgery.’ He went on to clarify why the actor nabbed the top spot: ‘Regé won because of his classically beautiful face and gorgeous brown eyes. ‘He had easily the highest score for his eye spacing and the positioning of his eyes also scored highly. ‘His perfectly shaped lips also scored highly and the only mark he got that was slightly lower was for his nose width and length.’ It came as no surprise the Bridgerton frontman was among the world’s most beautiful faces as he caused viewers to uncontrollably swoon during raunchy scenes with co-star Phoebe Dynevor – who played Daphne Bridgerton. After a jaw-dropping performance in the romance series, the star has been tipped to swap petticoats and afternoon tea for 007 madness as bookies line him up to be the next James Bond. The race to find a replacement for the iconic character came after Daniel Craig decided to hang up his gun once No Time To Die was released last year. Regé quickly led the pack and was thrown into the casting rumour mill with the likes of Harry Styles, James Norton, Henry Cavil and Aaron Taylor-Johnson. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Now Idris Elba’s ‘out of the race’, it’s time to stop the James Bond speculation MORE : Regé-Jean Page claims rumours of Bridgerton return for season 3 were ‘made up’ – and we’re heartbroken all over again 