After months of speculation The Masked Singer judge Rita Ora confirmed she’d tied the knot with her beau, Taika Waititi. The Hot Right Now singer, 32, was introduced to the filmmaker through mutual friend Robert Pattinson four years ago but their relationship didn’t turn romantic until around 2020. The rumour mill went into overdrive in August after Taika was spotted with a wedding band, with reports suggesting they had said ‘I do’ in an intimate ceremony in London. But it wasn’t until this week that the Poison hitmaker finally revealed Taika was her husband in an interview on UK radio station, Heart. She said: ‘Yes, yes, so you know, here we are. Everything happens for a reason people, I am officially off the market.’ But who is Taika Waititi, here is everything you need to know from his career to his age. Taika Waititi was born Taika David Cohen on 16 August 1975, making him 47 years old. The director grew up with his father, an artist of Te Whānau-ā-Apanui descent and schoolteacher mother Robin Cohen, and describes himself as a ‘Polynesian Jew.’ Taika was born in Raukokore in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand’s North Island but was raised on the  East Coast and in the Aro Valley of Wellington. He attended Onslow College and then studied theatre at Victoria University of Wellington where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1997. Taika was part of the five-member comedy ensemble So You’re a Man, before going on to produce films with his first short movie going on to be nominated for an Oscar. His second feature film, Boy, premiered at the Sundance Film Festival where it was well received and went on to be a commercial success at the New Zealand box office. Taika’s next project was vampire comedy mockumentary What We Do In The Shadow, which became a cult hit and was later adapted into a TV series. His other indie credits include Hunt for the Wilderpeople before going on to work on major studio film, Marvel’s Thor. In 2019, Taika was behind Jojo Rabbit, which starred Scarlett Johansson and Rebel Wilson and won him an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. On the small screen, the Next Goals Wins filmmaker has created Reservations Dogs and Our Flag Means Death, and even appeared as a guest on RuPaul’s Drag Race. In addition to directing, Taika has acted in projects such as the superhero film Green Lantern, Free Guy, which also starred Ryan Reynolds and Jodie Comer, and The Electrical Life of Louis Wain. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rita Ora releases star-studded music video with Kristen Stewart, Lindsay Lohan and more after confirming Taika Waititi marriage MORE : Rita Ora confesses she’s ‘actually exhausted’ after ‘big day’ confirming marriage to Taika Waititi 