Piers Morgan has said he feels ‘sickened’ by Alec Baldwin when the actor went on what he described as a ‘PR tour’ following the fatal shooting of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins on the set of the movie Rust. On Thursday, it was announced that the Hollywood actor was to be charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter after he accidentally discharged the gun which killed Hutchins, 42, and injured director Joel Souza. The 64-year-old previously claimed that he did not know that there was a live round in the gun, which was being used as a prop and was discharged when he was rehearsing a scene. Following a lengthy investigation, New Mexico District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies said in a statement: ‘After a thorough review of the evidence and the laws of the state of New Mexico, I have determined that there is sufficient evidence to file criminal charges against Alec Baldwin and other members of the Rust film crew.’ Armourer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed will also be charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter, while the DA’s office said that David Halls, who served as assistant director, signed a plea agreement for the charge of negligent use of a deadly weapon. No charges are set to be filed regarding the injury that director Souza sustained. While speaking on his TalkTV show Piers Morgan Uncensored, the host of the programme expressed his belief that there should be ‘criminal liability’ for Baldwin’s involvement in Hutchins’ tragic death. The presenter showed a clip of Baldwin’s interview in December 2021 when the 30 Rock star said that he ‘feels no guilt’ over the shooting, because ‘someone else is responsible’. He also showed a video that the actor uploaded on social media expressing gratitude for support he’d received from friends and fans. ‘I have found Alec Baldwin’s PR tour sickening. Absolutely sickening. He should have shut his mouth and waited for the legal process,’ Morgan said. ‘We’ve had these endless attempts to distance himself from any responsibility whatsoever. He feels no guilt. I would feel pretty guilty, if I pointed a gun at someone and killed them, even if it was an accident. I’d feel guilty.’ The broadcaster continued: ‘It’s all been self-protected. It’s all been about protecting the brand of Alec Baldwin. I’ve watched it all on Instagram, with his wife doing the same thing, portraying him as a tormented family man, going through hell on their endless expensive holidays. ‘I don’t want to see it, I don’t want to hear it. I just want to see the legal process play out and find out exactly – I think we will do now – exactly how responsible Alec Baldwin was, not just as an actor who didn’t check his own gun before firing it at somebody and pointing it at a woman’s head, but also as a co-producer of a set that appeared to be a total safety shambles.’ To correct Morgan’s statement about where the gun was pointed, it was revealed following the shooting that Hutchins was shot in the right armpit, with the bullet that struck her later emerging again through the top of her shoulder, before she died of her injuries. Later on Piers Morgan Uncensored, Morgan lambated Baldwin’s ‘tour of self-pity’, while describing the film star as an ‘arrogant hot head’. Following the news of Baldwin being charged with involuntary manslaughter, his lawyer dubbed the decision a ‘terrible miscarriage of justice’. Luke Nikas, of Quinn Emanuel, said via PA: ‘This decision distorts Halyna Hutchins’ tragic death and represents a terrible miscarriage of justice. ‘Mr Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun – or anywhere on the movie set. ‘He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds. ‘We will fight these charges, and we will win.’ Piers Morgan airs weeknights from 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alec Baldwin’s lawyer vows to fight ‘terrible miscarriage of justice’ after actor faces involuntary manslaughter charges over Rust shooting MORE : Alec Baldwin to be charged with involuntary manslaughter after Halyna Hutchins died in Rust shooting 