Mourners have flocked to Graceland to honour Lisa Marie Presley in a public memorial following her death. The singer died on January 12 after being rushed to hospital in cardiac arrest, just two days after attending the Golden Globes. Her mother, Priscilla, later confirmed that her daughter had died at the age of 54. Tributes have since poured in in their thousands, with stars including Austin Butler – who played her father Elvis in the recent biopic – and director Baz Luhrmann expressing their sorrow. Presley will be buried at Graceland, the mansion in Memphis, Tennessee where she was born and which she inherited from her father following his death. It is also where her son, Benjamin Keough, is buried, following his death by suicide in 2020 at the age of 27. Following Presley’s death, the sprawling 13.8-acre estate in will be split between her 14-year-old twins and her actress daughter Riley. In celebration of her life, a service is taking place on the front lawn of the famous estate and members of the public have been invited to attend the event, with an online live-stream also available. Jason Clark and The Tennessee Mass Choir opened the proceedings with a powerful rendition of Amazing Grace. Filmmaker Joel Weinshanker then said Presley requested for her funeral to ‘not be sad’ and that they will try to honour her wish in the proceedings. This was followed by Pastor Dwayne Hunt delivering a prayer, saying: ‘While her light has gone out, she leaves this light to her children and her mother so that they can rise above the darkness of this grief. ‘Let them be strengthened by the presence of the many who have gathered today to share their sorrow. Even in this time of pain, we are grateful for the beautiful gift that was Lisa Marie. ‘Her passion, her strength, her brilliance and her tenaciousness. And let the memories share today and the word spoken today bring joy to our hearts. ‘May we all experience your peace in our pain, your healing in our hurt, your light in our darkness, in the name of this place where we stand in Graceland reminds us to be thankful for grace that gives us strength even in our weakness. ‘So, let immeasurable love abound in this place and make her peace abide in our hearts, Amen.’ US talent manager Jerry Schilling, who worked with both Elvis and Lisa Marie Presley, recalled key moments from the late singer’s life during her memorial. He opened with a memory of holding Presley when she was a baby in 1968 and later hiring her as a teenager in his office before becoming her first manager. Referring to the late star by his affectionate nickname of Memphis, he closed by saying: ‘I was in the hospital with her father when Priscilla was giving birth, I was at the hospital with her mother when she left us. Memphis, I will always love you.’ Also paying heartfelt tribute was the Duchess of York delivered, who spoke fondly of her ‘sissie’ and offered her support to the late singer’s children. Sarah Ferguson said: ‘Sissie, this is for you with affection. My late mother-in-law used to say, “That nothing can be said, can begin to take away the anguish and the pain of these moments because grief is the price we pay for love”, and how right she was. ‘Today we talk about Lisa Marie. We look at Priscilla, as a mother to Lisa Marie. We look to Lisa Marie and say you lost a son. Mothers losing children, there are no words for it. ‘So, today we talk about action and action is the way we can go forward, we can light the flame, so for Riley, Harper and Finley, and for the entire family, we march forward in support of you, all of us are with you and we will help you as best we can. If you just put out your hand, we will be there.’ She was followed by singer Alanis Morissette performing an emotional rendition of her song Rest. Mother Priscilla Presley then took the microphone, becoming incredibly tearful as she thanked mourners for coming out. She read a poem by her granddaughter, as well as one by actress Riley. Riley’s poem read: ‘I hope I can love my daughter that way you loved me. The way you love my brother and my sisters. Thank you for giving me strength, my heart, my empathy, my courage, my sense of humour. ‘My manners, my temper, my wildness, my tenacity. I’m a product of your heart. My sisters are a product of your heart. My brother is a product of your heart. ‘We are you. You are us, my eternal love. I hope you finally know how loved you were here. Thank you for trying so hard for us. If I didn’t tell you every day, thank you.’ Guns N’ Roses singer Axl Rose also spoke about his friend before performing the band’s song November Rain. He was followed by Pastor Dwayne Hunt who delivered a prayer in which he said the singer will be buried alongside her son Benjamin and near to her father. He ended the message by saying: ‘Goodbye until tomorrow.’ The Blackwood Brothers Quartet then performed the gospel song How Great Thou Art followed by Sweet, Sweet Spirit. Between the two, one of the singers recalled that his father had sung as part of the quartet for Elvis’s funeral and that him performing today for Lisa Marie felt like a ‘full circle’ moment. Members of the public were invited to say goodbye to Presley, but also encouraged to donate to The Elvis Presley Charitable Foundation in lieu of flowers. The foundation offers support to various charitable organisations, especially focusing on arts, education, and children’s programmes in the Memphis/Whitehaven area. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michael Lockwood to get ‘full custody’ of Lisa Marie Presley’s twins, 14, after her sudden death aged 54 MORE : Lisa Marie Presley’s daughter Riley Keough speaks out for first time after her death at 54  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 