Warning: spoilers ahead for Wednesday season 1. Gwendoline Christie has seemingly hinted Principal Larissa Weems’ story might not be over in Wednesday ahead of season 2 – and we have our fingers crossed that her character may return. In the Addams Family spin-off, which has proven one of the biggest hits on Netflix in recent months, the headmistress of Nevermore Academy met a grisly end when she was killed by teacher Miss Thornhill (Christina Ricci), who turned out to be the murderous Laurel Gates in disguise. Wednesday Addams (Jenna Ortega) looked on in despair as she watched Principal Weems die before her very eyes… or did she? In a new interview, Game of Thrones star Gwendoline appears to have teased that Larissa could be back. As many people who avidly watch TV shows will know, if a character dies off-screen, or isn’t seen being buried, then it could be a ruse leading to them turning out to be alive. During a recent interview with Digital Spy, the 44-year-old tapped into this fact when addressing shapeshifter Principal Weems’ possible future. ‘We haven’t seen her put in the ground, have we?’ she remarked, laughing as her interviewer replied: ‘Very, very true.’ While the principal did seem very dead on the show… this is the world of the Addams Family, after all. Wednesday’s life was saved by her long-deceased ancestor, ‘normie’ Tyler (Hunter Doohan) turned out to be a Hyde, and one of the lead character’s relatives is a disembodied Hand. Basically, in this universe, it’s important not to rule anything out. When it was announced that Wednesday had been renewed for season 2, Jenna  expressed her gratitude to all of the fans that had tuned in from around the world. ‘Thanks to everyone who made this upcoming season possible. This has all been pretty surreal,’ the 20-year-old said. Catherine Zeta-Jones, who plays Wednesday’s mother Morticia Addams, recently admitted that the show ‘turned out better than anybody anticipated’. ‘Jenna Ortega is just marvellous as Wednesday and through the eyes of Tim Burton, it’s a lot of fun,’ she added. Wednesday is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Catherine Zeta-Jones admits Netflix series Wednesday ‘turned out better than anybody anticipated’ MORE : Jenna Ortega is all for Lady Gaga joining cast of Wednesday season 2 after pop icon joined in viral TikTok dance trend  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 