The price of a can of Heinz Cream of Tomato soup at Tesco has increased by almost 80% in six months. Buying the household staple at the supermarket will now set customers back £1.70, up from 95p last summer. The rise comes after a much-publicised dispute between Tesco and Heinz in June and July last year, when the retailer said it would not ‘pass on unjustifiable price increases to customers’. As the row escalated, Heinz stopped supplying its products to the supermarket, leaving gaps on its soup and beans shelves. The food giant was followed by the maker of Whiskas, Dreamies and Pedigree, which also halted supplies over price hikes. The missing products went back on sale after an agreement was reached, which included no change in the price of certain items such as Heinz Spaghetti Hoops. But the popular tomato soup has not been immune to a hike in costs, with Tesco saying it must acknowledge the ‘real pressures’ facing many of its suppliers. The increase brings Tesco into line with supermarkets such as Asda and Sainsbury’s, which both also charge £1.70 for a can of the soup. It costs £1.69 at Morrisons, while the Co-op website says a can there would cost just £1.05. Meanwhile, official forecaster the Office for Budget Responsibility has said it expects household income to fall by 7.1% by 2024 compared to 2022 as energy prices and inflation continue to bite. The organisation doesn’t expect income per person to return to its pre-pandemic level until after 2028. A recent report from the World Economic Forum ranked the cost-of-living crisis as the most urgent worldwide risk, overtaking the failure to act on climate change. Figures released by the Office for National Statistics last November showed the price of pasta had increased by almost 38% in the previous 12 months, while flour was 30% more expensive. Other cupboard staples that shot up in price included eggs, which cost 23.5% more, and butter, which cost 28% more. A spokesman for Tesco pointed out that a four-pack of Heinz Cream of Tomato soup costs £3.99 at their stores, working out at just over 99p per can. He said: ‘With household budgets under increasing pressure, we’re even more committed to providing our customers with great value by price matching Aldi on the basics, locking the price of more than a thousand household staples – including a number of popular Heinz products – until Easter 2023, and offering exclusive deals and rewards through thousands of Clubcard Prices. ‘Now more than ever, we have a responsibility to ensure customers get the best possible value, and we will not pass on unjustifiable price increases to our customers. ‘Clearly there are some real pressures on many of our suppliers, and we work closely with them to make sure we support them with genuine cost pressures whilst continuing to offer great prices on the products that matter most to our customers.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.