Stacey Solomon has hinted her baby is due this week and revealed her midwife gave her tips for prolonging her pregnancy. The Loose Women star, 32, is currently expecting her fifth baby and her third with husband Joe Swash, 40; the two have three other children from previous relationships. Stacey was recently forced to clear up rumours she’d already given birth but suggested her newborn could arrive this week and said her midwife recommended ‘not doing anything silly’ if she wanted to stave off her tot’s arrival. Taking to Instagram on Friday, doting mum Stacey beamed as she explained why she’d briefly been absent from the social media platform but assured her 5.5million followers it wasn’t because she’d given birth. ‘So many of you were like, “Stace, don’t do that to us, you’ve been quiet for a few days and we thought you’d given birth,”’ the star began. ‘Sorry, I’m very much still full-term pregnant, I just really wanted to try and make it to a couple of days before the baby comes,’ she added. Stacey went on: ‘I know I can’t control it, but my midwife was like, “If you want a chance of getting to those days, calm the hell down and don’t do anything silly”. ‘So I’ve been trying to rest and I made it to today, which I’m so excited about.’ The former singer then revealed she was shooting her latest In The Style collection, adding: ‘I really wanted to get to today because I know that I’m not going to have another collection for quite a while because I’m going to take some time off for the baby.’ Stacey and Joe already share Rex, who was born in May 2019, and daughter Rose, born in October 2021. The latter was already father to son Harry, 14, from his previous relationship with Emma Sophocleous, while Stacey has sons Zach, 14, and Leighton, 10, with former partners Dean Cox and Aaron Barnham respectively. In December, not long after sharing her exciting pregnancy news, Stacey teased her and Joe’s baby’s due date and revealed it’s ‘coming soon… Much sooner than we thought’. Speaking on December 30, she hinted: ‘So this time next month we will be getting ready to say hello to a whole new pickle.’ The couple is keeping the baby’s gender under wraps for now and recently joked that, with five children already between them, they’re running out of baby names. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dolly Parton responsible for more than 1,000 children in Scotland receiving free books MORE : Pamela Anderson’s son Brandon wishes she’d made millions of dollars from stolen sex tape with Tommy Lee 