There have been multiple TV shows and biographies about the Royal Family, and now it’s just a matter of days until Prince Harry’s long-awaited memoir Spare hits the shelves. The Royal Family is said to be bracing itself for more possible bombshells to be dropped in the book – which is already making waves after a number of claims about his relationship with brother Prince Willliam leaked ahead of its release. According to Page Six Prince Harry claims in the new book that his brother and his wife ‘howled’ with laughter when they were asked about the Nazi uniform he wore to a party in 2005. He also said the heir to the throne attacked him after branding Meghan Markle ‘difficult’, ‘rude’, and ‘abrasive’ shortly before Megxit. People will be able to read the full extent of the Prince’s revelations for themselves when the book is released on January 10. But if you want to pre-order yourself a copy, where can you do so? Spare is available to pre-order from major retailers including Amazon, WHSmith, and Waterstones. The book is available in several formats including hardback as well as a Kindle edition. You can also order it as an audiobook via such outlets as Audible and Rakuten Kobo, – both of which currently offer a 30-day free trial including one audiobook for free. Spare is currently cheapest to buy on Amazon. Even though Amazon is pricing the book at £14 – the same as Waterstones and WHSmith – if you already have Prime, you don’t have to pay extra for delivery. With delivery and all fees included, Spare works out to be £14 from Amazon, £16.75 from Waterstones, and £16.99 from WHSmith. All prices are correct at the time of writing. Published by Transworld, an imprint of Penguin Random House UK, the reader has been promised an ‘intimate and heartfelt memoir’ from The Duke of Sussex. Spare is set to ‘share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him’. The memoir is said to cover everything from ‘his dedication to service, the military duty that twice took him to the frontlines of Afghanistan, and the joy he has found in being a husband and father.’ However, it’s also been reported that the royal household is bracing itself for the book, amid fears that it could be ‘critical of everyone and everything’. Speaking about what the memoir will include, Harry has said: ‘I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. ‘I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story – the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned – I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.’ MORE : Denise Welch and Jane Moore butt heads over William and Harry in passionate row: ‘You’ve talked to me about interrupting’ MORE : King Charles begged Prince William and Prince Harry ‘not to make his final years a misery’ Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below