Roman Kemp has shared his hilarious reaction to finding out his parents Martin Kemp and Shirlie Kemp were behind Cat and Mouse on The Masked Singer. Husband-wife duo Martin and Shirlie were the third elimination of this series, and finally unveiled themselves to judges Jonathan Ross, Rita Ora, Mo Gilligan and Davina McCall. Despite entertaining the audiences and those at home, Shirlie and Martin failed to make it to the next round after a sing-off between them and the celeb behind Knitting. And as they were unveiled, 29-year-old Roman shared his shock on social media. ‘ARE YOU F**KING JOKING’ he penned. Not long later, after things had sunk in, Roman updated: ‘I JUST SHOUTED THE PHRASE “TAKE IT OFF” TO MY PARENTS I CANT UNDO THAT.’ He later shared on his Instagram an adorable behind-the-scenes picture of Cat and Mouse, writing: ‘Fair play’ and tagging his parents. In a hilarious video, he shared his reaction to watching his parents being unmasked, saying: ‘Can someone please explain what is going on?’ He later gifted fans with a full video of himself and sister Harley Moon watching the episode with their mum. As the couple were unmasked, Roman stood up exclaiming: ‘Shut the f**k up, oh my god, I knew it!’ He then repeatedly shouted ‘I knew it’ at the screen as Harley and Shirlie giggled on the sofa. ‘You’re a liar! Look at you both there!’ he shouted at them, before both kids shared their pride for their mum with a family hug. ‘Well done!’ they echoed, before Roman reassured fans that he did ‘grill’ his parents about their secret. His reaction certainly sent viewers into hysterics, with SpecSavers Twitter account commenting: ‘Bet you couldn’t believe your eyes.’ ‘When your parents both impress and show you up at the same time,’ another laughed. Someone else wrote: ‘I hope they’ve recorded a reaction from you for Celebrity Gogglebox,’ referring to Martin and Roman sharing the sofa together for the Channel 4 programme. After revealing who they were, Martin and Shirlie joked: ‘This is going to embarrass him,’ when judge Mo questioned whether Roman knew. ‘Most people say they are doing it for their kids,’ Shirlie said, before Martin added: ‘We’re doing it to embarrass them.’ Asked whether they’d enjoyed their time on the show, Shirlie replied: ‘I’ve never done anything so nerve wracking in my life.’ Enjoying her children’s reactions at the revalation, Shirlie later wrote on Twitter: ‘And to think, our kids thought we were on a romantic getaway…’ The Masked Singer continues at 7pm next Saturday on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Masked Singer reveals showbiz couple Martin & Shirlie Kemp behind Cat & Mouse in third elimination MORE : The Masked Singer UK costume designer reveals Jellyfish took longest to make as team spent weeks bringing intricate design to life 