Chris Eubank Jr has claimed he would never ‘slap his father in the face’ and taint the family name by taking performance-enhancing drugs, even though he has been offered them in the past. The middleweight boxing world-title hopeful revealed he had resisted the ‘temptation’ to cheat, three months after his mega-fight against Conor Benn was called off. Eubank Jr believes his arch-rival Benn will forever have a ‘black mark’ against his name after two failed Voluntary Anti-Doping Association (Vada) drugs tests for the banned substance clomifene, which can boost testosterone levels. The scheduled clash between the pair, who were due to follow in the footsteps of their former world champion fathers by fighting in London in October, was cancelled but Benn continues to protest his innocence. His promoter Eddie Hearn has said his man will return to the ring in ‘mid-2023’ once he has cleared his name, as the welterweight expects to, and is already targeting a new date with Eubank Jr as well as fights with WBA world lightweight champion Gervonta Davis and veterans Manny Pacquiao and Kell Brook. His team have submitted a 270-page document to the World Boxing Council (WBC) as the 26-year-old attempts to clear his name, with Benn certain ‘the truth will soon come out’. However, three months after the fight was postponed, there remains no clarity on a final decision on whether he will serve a suspension, or whether he will be found not guilty of doping. Eubank Jr believes it would tarn-ish the family name established by his dad Chris, a former two-weight world champion, if he had taken the wrong path. ‘I could have taken things throughout my career which would have enhanced my performance. I was offered things in gyms around the world and been messaged and emailed, “I can help you with your stamina or your testosterone”,’ he told Metro. ‘But I’ve never fallen into that trap. I’ve never let that temptation override my morals and let it muddy everything I’ve done and everything my father did because that is what it would be – slapping my father in the face. I was never, ever willing to risk that.’ For Eubank Jr, who returns to action against Liam Smith in Manchester next week, the ongoing Benn saga remains a source of irritation. ‘It’s insane after all this time there’s still no real answers — radio silence from the Benn camp. That’s not how you treat fans, the boxing public,’ said the 33-year-old. ‘I’m very interested to see what they pull out of their a***s. Conor’s saying: “My team have proven my innocence.” It’s pathetic, embarrassing. I feel sorry for the guy. ‘The general public are never going to let him live this down, he will always have this black mark against his name. ‘He has to accept that. If he’s smart, he should apologise and beg for forgiveness.’ Eubank Jr has seen plenty of boxers come back when found guilty previously. ‘Is it frustrating? Absolutely,’ he added. ‘As a clean fighter, who has never cheated, never cut corners, never failed a drugs test, ever, in 10 years as a professional, it’s disgusting when you see how many of these fighters have failed drugs tests in the past, and recently, and they are still able to come back and fight and brush it under the rug. ‘It’s bad but this is a business. Whenever there’s big money involved, there’s always people looking for an edge, people looking to screw each other over. This game is ruthless, everyone for themselves.’ The Hove fighter does think he will still take on Benn, despite all that has happened in the last three months, believing if anything the clash is going to be even bigger. ‘I don’t know how long he’ll be out of the game,’ said Eubank Jr. ‘The fight will happen at some point, we will eventually get in the ring. It will be twice as big, it will be at a stadium like Wembley. He’s still got a big fight with me, a big payday, in the future.’ MORE : Conor Benn planning to return to boxing ‘early next year’ and takes aim at Gervonta Davis MORE : Chris Eubank Jr taunts Conor Benn after rival claims to have proven his innocence over failed drug test For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 