Joao Cancelo has revealed the truth about his reported bust-up with Pep Guardiola after completing his move from Manchester City to Bayern Munich. In a shock deadline day story, Cancelo has joined the German giants on loan until the end of the season with an option to buy for €70million (£61.5m). Having been a key player for City since moving to the Etihad in 2019 from Juventus, many have been left stunned at the transfer, especially given that the Citizens don’t appear to have a direct replacement lined up for the attacking full-back. Reports suggest that the move materialised after the player had a falling-out with manager Guardiola over his lack of game time since returning from the World Cup. And Cancelo has seemingly confirmed this, though has kept quiet on the exact details of what was said between himself and the City boss. ‘There was a lot of speculation about my relationship with Pep Guardiola,’ the 28-year-old said at his introductory press conference, as quoted by Sky Germany. ‘But the truth is that I just wanted to get more playing minutes. And I see that opportunity at Bayern ‘I didn’t ask Pep Guardiola about Bayern Munich, everything happened too quickly for that. I feel ready to start straight away. I’d like to put on the Bayern shirt and get going as soon as possible. ‘First of all, I want to focus on my goals and those of the club. Then we’ll sit down and see what’s next. ‘I’ve had a great time at Manchester City, it’s always been there much appreciated. I’m still under contract with City too.’ Bayern manager Julian Nagelsmann added: ‘Brazzo [Hasan Salihamidžić, Bayern’s sporting director] said that we had a chance to get Cancelo. Then I said, “Let’s do it!”. ‘Then everything happened very quickly. We’ve talked to him a lot in the past. He brings a lot, dynamic and is a very good reinforcement. ‘Joao is fit and can theoretically play tomorrow. But I’m not really sure about the line-up yet.’ Shortly before the transfer was confirmed, Cancelo sent a goodbye message to City fans on Instagram, posting: ‘Once a Cityzen, always a Cityzen. Thank you.’ The Portugal international made 154 appearances for the club, scoring nine goals and making 22 assists, as well as being named in the PFA Team of the Year for the last two seasons. He won two Premier League titles, one League Cup and reached the Champions League final in 2021. MORE : Tottenham outcast Djed Spence set for surprise loan move to Rennes MORE : Nottingham Forest to make 28th signing of the season as they close in on former Liverpool star Jonjo Shelvey For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 