Ozzy Osbourne proved this week that he’s determined to keep his fitness up despite mobility issues. The iconic rocker, 74, was seen leaving a fitness centre in LA on Thursday and was helped out of the building by a personal trainer before an assistant walked him to his car. Ozzy recently had surgery on his spine after years of ongoing health issues, and it has left him struggling to walk and needing the use of a cane. Wearing his grey hair loose and covering his nose and mouth with a mask, the star donned tracksuit bottoms and a checked trench coat as he went about his day. Peeking out of the doting dad’s coat were a few of Ozzy’s many tattoos, and the Black Sabbath frontman was also rocking a series of chunky rings. The Prince of Darkness opened up about his mobility issues recently and admitted he was worried about whether he’ll be able to perform a huge gig in Finland next May. During an interview on SiriusXM, he said: ‘It is so f***ing tough because, I mean, I want to be out there. I want to be doing it.’ ‘The thing is my head is all right, my creativity is OK, my singing OK but I just can’t f***ing walk much now.’ Paranoid hitmaker Ozzy explained he is struggling to come to terms with his restricted movement and is finding it very ‘frustrating’. He continued: ‘The star said: ‘I can’t begin to tell you how f***ing frustrating life has become. ‘It is amazing how you go along in life and one stupid thing can screw everything up for a long time. I have never been ill this long in my life. ‘When I was a downbeat drunken drug addict I would not be out this long. It is just as frustrating as f**k.’ Ozzy was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease in 2003, but only revealed he had the condition in January, 2020. He also suffered a fall at home in 2019, which aggravated injuries from a 2003 quad bike accident. The star also spoke about the reboot of his show The Osbournes, confessing he was ‘deeply nervous’ about the move. ‘I don’t know how The Kardashians have done it for so long. It sent us crazy at the end,’ he noted. But, Ozzy isn’t ‘sorry’ he did it, adding: ‘After three or four years I said, “Do you know what, we’re going to lose somebody because it is getting too crazy”. ‘There is rock and roll fame, which is pretty intense, but that Osbourne level was just unbelievable. ‘The kids paid for it. They all ended up doing drugs. Jack got clean and sober on that show, Kelly messed up on that show, I was messed up and Sharon got cancer,’ he said. Running from 2002 until 2005, MTV’s fly-on-the-wall series catapulted the rocker family to fame and paved the way for other shows following famous clans, such as Keeping Up With The Kardashians. While the original programme followed their lives in LA, the BBC-commissioned reboot will let the cameras in as they settle back in the UK. In August, Ozzy and Sharon, 69, who married in 1982, announced they would be shipping their belongings to Buckinghamshire, where they own a 20-year-old Grade II listed property, Welders House. Confirming the new docuseries, Clare Sillery, head of documentaries at the BBC, previously told Metro.co.uk: ’20 years ago, the Osbournes left Britain for a life in LA. Now they are coming “home to roost”, back to their family home, pretty much as they left it all those years ago. ‘In this new series, our audience will be able to follow the family as they settle back into their new life in a Buckinghamshire village… it promises to be a funny, moving and honest insight into their new life back in the UK.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears confirms she’s ‘alive and well’ after worrying fans by deleting Instagram MORE : Priscilla Presley contests ‘authenticity and validity’ of daughter Lisa Marie’s will  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 