Heavy rain and strong winds are set to bring a washout to large parts of the country this weekend amid new yellow weather warnings. Flooding has hit areas such as Gloucestershire and Somerset after the River Avon burst its banks. Shocking footage taken today shows how large parts of the town of Tewkesbury have been overcome by the rain. Fields have been submerged in water and rivers have overflown into nearby paths. Across the rest of the country, people should expect ‘an unsettled day ahead’ as rain pushes eastwards as the weather service issues 98 flood warnings and 169 alerts for England. Heavy showers, snow in the north and gusts of 70mph in Scotland and Northern Ireland will continue for the rest of this weekend. The forecaster said: ‘Westerly winds will increase across western Scotland and northern parts of Northern Ireland later this afternoon and evening with gusts of 45-55 mph inland and 60-70 mph around the coast, easing later this evening. ‘A band of persistent and occasionally heavy rain will extend south across the warning area during this period, and combined with saturated ground may lead to some flooding.’ A yellow warning for ice covering much of Scotland and the north west and north east of England means there could be ‘icy surfaces and high-ground snow leading to some difficult travelling conditions in places on Saturday night and Sunday morning’, the Met Office added. Expected ‘frequent wintry’ showers means a yellow warning for snow and ice for northern Scotland is in place from Sunday through to Wednesday. The Met Office added: ‘A few centimetres of snow are likely at low levels over a given 24-hour period, with the potential for 10-15cm above 200 metres, especially across parts of the Highlands. ‘Ice will be additional hazard, especially Tuesday night.’ People are urged to take care because of icy patches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths. Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with longer journey times by road, bus and train services expected. Snow is also expected to return as a cold snap hits the UK over the coming weeks. Monday and Tuesday will see wintry showers and colder weather, with snowfall coming over the high parts of the country. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.