Shy Prince Harry has claimed that speaking out about the intimate details of the Royal family is the only way things will get better for him and Meghan. ITV has released a second trailer for its forthcoming interview with the Duke of Sussex. The clip material includes Tom Bradby questioning Prince Harry about his decision to discuss his relationships with family members in his autobiography next week. It will air two days before the publication of his memoir, Spare, which is expected to give intimate details about disagreements between him and his older brother. It comes after a number of further bombshell claims were revealed in a leaked copy of his memoirs today. According to Page Six Prince Harry claims in the new book that his brother and his wife ‘howled’ with laughter when they were asked about the Nazi uniform he wore to a party in 2005. He also said the heir to the throne attacked him after branding Meghan Markle ‘difficult’, ‘rude’ and ‘abrasive’ shortly before Megxit. In the last teaser trailer released last week the Prince says that he would like to get  his ‘father and brother back’. Speaking in the interview with Tom Bradbury,  Prince Harry said: ‘I don’t know how staying silent is ever going to make things better.’ Tom said in response ‘Wouldn’t your brother say to you, ‘Harry, how could you do this to me after everything? After everything we went through?’ ‘Wouldn’t that be what he would say?’ Harry replies: ‘He would probably say all sorts of different things.’ MORE : William and Kate ‘howled with laughter’ at Harry’s Nazi fancy dress The interview comes just a few weeks after Meghan and Harry revealed a number of huge claims in their six-part Netflix series. In the short clip released today Tom asks Harry: ‘Some people will say you’ve railed against invasions of your privacy all your life and the accusation will be here are you invading the privacy of your nearest and dearest without permission, now that will be the accusation.’ To which Harry replies: ‘That would be the accusation from people that don’t understand or don’t want to believe that my family have been briefing the press.’ Mr Bradby, a former royal correspondent for ITV, is a friend of the Sussexes and previously interviewed them for a documentary about their 2019 Africa tour. He also asks Prince Harry about plans for the coronation of his father set for later this year. The Duke explains that ‘There’s a lot that can happen between now and then.’ He adds: ‘But, the door is always open.  The ball is in their court.  There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it.’ The Prince is also asked if he still believes in the monarchy, which he says yes, and then when asked if he will play a part in its future he simply says ‘I don’t know.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.