‘Three little pigs went to market…but two decided they wanted to save their bacon and made a dash for freedom’. This was the opening line on page 3 of the Western Daily Press on Tuesday January 13, 1998. The day before, journalist Wendy Best had made calls to her local police station – a typical morning routine of any regional reporter. But one incident that was quite out of the ordinary caught her attention. Two Tamworth pigs – owned by council road sweeper Arnoldo Dijulio – had recently escaped on route to Malmesbury’s Newman’s Slaughterhouse. The pair had smashed through a fence, swam across the River Avon and dashed into the depths of the Wiltshire countryside. Despite numerous sightings, the ‘Tamworth Two’ had evaded capture for days. Tickled by the tale, Wendy set to work writing a story. There were no photos of the pesky pigs at that point, so her exclusive was accompanied by a series of cartoons. Within 24 hours, the story had piqued the interest of the world’s media. The likes of America and Japan deployed their best reporters to the scene of the Great Pig Escape. Malmesbury locals took advantage of the frenzy, crafting all kinds of pig related memorabilia such as fridge magnets and toys. ‘It was madness’, Wendy told Metro.co.uk. ‘The story was followed up by South West News, picked up by the Daily Mail, and by night there were helicopters. ‘The entire world’s press was in Malmesbury in a matter of days. ‘There was a sighting at a house and everyone descended on this poor person’s garden. You had the pig running round, the police chasing after it, then the press on their heels.’ The Tamworth Two were even mentioned in Parliament. Ex-opposition Environment spokesman George Howarth had compared the pair’s flight with that of the Conservative Party. And as the pigs continued to evade the army of press and police, a worldwide campaign was underway for them to be spared from the abattoir if caught. The Daily Express had proclaimed ‘They are too good to eat and too brave to die’ while the Telegraph led their coverage with ‘Pig knocks stuffing out of police’. The Financial Times meanwhile mused: ‘Market awaits news on pork futures’. After the international outpouring of support for the pigs – christened Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Pig by this point – and multiple interviews, their owner agreed to save their bacon. But catching the pigs still posed a problem. Sundance was the angrier of the pair, and his rebellious nature was put down to the fact he was a crossbreed. At the time, RSPCA Inspector Mike Harley had marveled at how difficult it was to catch the beasts. He told reporters ‘He [Sundance] had very thick skin and two darts bounced off him.’ Trevor Porter, who now works for the Wiltshire Times, was sent by the Western Daily to get photos of the pigs. He recalled traipsing through the countryside trying to catch a glimpse of the elusive hogs. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘Everyone was looking for them, everyone was in Malmesbury. I knew a helpful police officer who was able to get me more details that the non-locals didn’t have. ‘I was out there all hours and we actually spotted them out in the woods at one point. One of them even charged down at us as we were closing in on them, quite the story it was. ‘They were really aggressive, not like normal pigs.’ As the search for the Tamworth Two continued, the Daily Mail had managed to buy the pigs from their owner. Butch was eventually captured on January 15 followed by Sundance the following day. Reporters had gathered for a press conference which was held in Malmesbury’s town square, as the Mail informed the world of Sundance’s final day as a wild pig. Other media were initially barred from photographing the pair but the NBC’s esteemed Donatella Lorch – who had reported from Iraq and Rwanda – made the successful case for press freedom. As a result, news of the pigs’ capture was soon worldwide knowledge. Butch and Sundance were moved to the Rare Breeds Centre, an animal sanctuary near Ashford in Kent, where they lived out the rest of their days together. Butch died aged 13 on October 8, 2010 – he was euthanised after becoming seriously ill. Her brother Sundance was left ‘down in the snout’ at the loss and died on May 23, 2011 after battling arthritis. While the pigs may now be eating from a trough in the sky, their legacy still lives on in Malmesbury. Wendy, marveling at the 25 years since their escape, added: ‘It was all crazy, but it was brilliant too. ‘British passion around animals had come to the fore, the Tamworth Two was something fun! And it was January which can be quiet, so it gave everyone something to focus on. ‘The pigs spawned an entire industry in Malmesbury, there were children’s books, greetings cards, the Tamworth Two trail – and the hotels did great when reporters were all staying there.’ In 2003, the BBC even produced and broadcast a 60-minute drama The Legend of the Tamworth Two – which Line of Duty’s Jed Mercurito created the screenplay for. At the time, executive producer Sally Woodward told the BBC: ‘The film tells how the story of Butch and Sundance became a legend, of how Britain once again took the underdog to their hearts – or in this instance, the under-pig – and in the process briefly made them the most famous fugitives in the world. ‘It also shows how contrary human beings are in their relationship with animals – how we are only too happy to tuck in to a pork chop, but are outraged when we want to capture a pig that has stolen our heart.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.