An infant boy who was allegedly strangled by his mother has died three days after his two siblings were pronounced dead. Eight-month-old Callan Clancy, who was discovered unconscious in his home in Duxbury, Massachusetts, died at 11.18am on Friday, according to the Plymouth County District Attorney’s Office. Callan was hospitalized on Tuesday after prosecutors found ‘evidence of harm’. The district attorney’s office earlier this week said Callan’s mother Lindsay Clancy, 32, was suspected of strangling her two older children, Dawson, 3, and Cora, 5. Dawson and Cora were pronounced dead once they arrived at a hospital. Callan received CPR at the scene of the crime and was airlifted to a hospital in Boston for treatment. Prosecutors did not immediately disclose how Callan died and whether Lindsay will face additional charges. The mother had already been charged with two counts of homicide, three counts of strangulation and three counts of assault and battery with a deadly weapon. Police responded to the home at 47 Summer Street around 6.16pm on Tuesday after a man who was later identified as Lindsay’s husband called 911 and reported that she attempted to kill herself. Lindsay had jumped off of a second-story window, according to District Attorney Tim Cruz. From an autopsy, ‘preliminarily, it appears the children were strangled’, Cruz said. As of Friday, Lindsay at a hospital in Boston in police custody. The Massachusetts General Hospital confirmed that Lindsay worked there. ‘We are shocked and saddened to learn of this unthinkable tragedy,’ stated the general hospital. ‘We extend our deepest sympathies to all those affected by these devastating events.’ The mother had postpartum depression, sources told NBC10. A GoFundMe account set up for Lindsay’s husband, Patrick, to pay for medical and funeral expenses and get legal help has raised more than $452,000. ‘This assistance is especially needed because Pat will be unable to work for the foreseeable future as he weathers this painful, life-altering tragedy,’ states the page. ‘We all know Pat to be the most kind and genuine person. As someone who is always willing to support others, we sincerely thank you for offering yours.’ Duxbury is a small affluent town that is about 35 miles south of Boston. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.