Patrice Evra has made his predictions ahead of a huge weekend in the Premier League. Leaders Arsenal will look to boost their title chances and end talk of a Manchester United challenge when they host Erik ten Hag’s side on Sunday. Elsewhere, there is a curious mid-table clash between Chelsea and Liverpool and a relegation six-pointer in east London as West Ham host Everton. As ever, Betfair ambassador and Premier League legend Evra has run the rule over this weekend’s fixtures for Metro.co.uk. Liverpool v Chelsea ‘This is a match between two teams under fire. I hope Chelsea play Mykhailo Mudryk. When you look at their team, wow, but the question is how will Graham Potter make them play together as a team, not as individuals. ‘Liverpool got trashed against Brighton, Jurgen Klopp keeps repeating himself and wants to get back to basics, play, control and pass the ball. ‘People don’t want to admit it but Sadio Mane leaving has damaged their season, I’m sure they will recover next season but not now. I know things aren’t down to just one player, but he was a big part of Klopp’s plan and people don’t want to be honest about it, he was so important for this Liverpool team, he was the core of the team. ‘If either team wins, it’s not like we’re going to say it will save their season, it will be just for the prestige. Liverpool are so disappointing and Potter doesn’t have the key for Chelsea right now, so I’m going to go for a draw in this one.’ Prediction 1-1 Leicester v Brighton ‘Brighton will be carried away with their performance and win over Liverpool. I don’t see Leicester troubling them. I’ve been really impressed with Brighton this season.’ Prediction 1-2 Southampton v Aston Villa ‘Unai Emery keeps doing a good job with Aston Villa and I love the way he keeps putting my brother Ashley Young in there and he keeps doing the job. ‘Aston Villa are solid at the moment and they look like a team, they look happy to play together and it looks as though they understand their new manager. ‘This is just the beginning of the Emery era and Aston Villa will give him time. I don’t see why they can’t win away at Southampton.’ Prediction 0-1 West Ham v Everton ‘This is complicated. Neither side can afford to lose. Lampard says he has the trust of his owners, but I don’t know if he has the trust of the players, they keep letting him down. ‘It was a tough season last year, it’s going to be a tough season again for them. West Ham like these kinds of games and they often find something to grind out results in these kinds of games, but I can honestly see this one being a draw.’ Prediction 0-0 Bournemouth v Nottingham Forest ‘Forest have won their last two and are looking to keep up that momentum. I can see this being a good game for them.’ Prediction 0-2 Crystal Palace v Newcastle ‘I watched the Newcastle game last weekend and I thought Fulham deserved to win, I was so surprised with how well they were playing and if Mitrovic scored the penalty then Newcastle would have been in trouble. ‘Isaak has come back from injury and has hit the ground running. Newcastle have that fighting spirit. I don’t see why they won’t carry on their good form.’ Prediction 1-2 Man City v Wolves ‘Man City will still feel the injustice from last weekend against United. I’m worried for Wolves because City really need to get on a run of wins and we know that when they get going they can destroy anyone.’ Prediction 3-1  Leeds v Brentford ‘I think this will be a good game. If Brentford were at home I would be going for them for the win, but at Leeds I can see this being a good game with both teams playing some good football.’ Prediction 2-2 Fulham v Tottenham ‘Fulham had such a good game against Newcastle last time out. Tactically, the way they were in possession of the ball they looked good and I think they can get a result in this one. ‘Tottenham are in a bad moment right now. I just feel like it’s Deja vu. I think Conte knows that he can’t build something in one year, it was a miracle the way he got them in the Champions League, but now it’s a new season. ‘They look hurt and frustrated right now. Conte needs to find that energy and belief again.’ Prediction 2-1 Arsenal v Man United ‘I see an opportunity in this match because it’s Manchester United. I know we can hurt them on the counter attack, like last time. ‘I can see a game where Arsenal dominates the game and suddenly United could get a goal and people will say that Arsenal didn’t deserve to lose the match. ‘I don’t care if that’s the case, I want United to be ugly and to win games. That’s what we’re doing. I’m confident, I know we can hurt them, but the way Arsenal control games it will be tough for any team. ‘United can create a surprise, they won against City but they didn’t control the game, it’s not like they outplayed City. ‘Arsenal outplayed Tottenham, yes, United dominated the game against Tottenham but they didn’t give them a proper lesson like Arsenal did. I hope United win but I think this game will be a draw.’ Prediction 2-2 MORE : Gary Neville reacts to Casemiro blow and makes Arsenal vs Man Utd prediction MORE : Arsenal close in on €20million signing of Polish defender Jakub Kiwior For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 