Thanks to The Last Of Us companies are already desperate for the next video game hit and that looks like it could be Amazon’s Fallout. After the Sonic The Hedgehog and Uncharted movies started the ball rolling, The Last Of Us has now officially made live action video game adaptations the hottest thing in Hollywood. And that’s going to mean studios scrambling over themselves to sign up every half successful game they can think of. Several promising productions were already underway before The Last Of Us debuted and we’ve already seen leaked and official set photos of Amazon’s Fallout show. They were all of the fallout shelter itself though, which led some to speculate that the show might be primarily, or solely, set in the vault – but newly leaked photos of exterior sets prove otherwise. The photos are of what is clearly a Red Rocket petrol station, featured prominently in the marketing for Fallout 4 and the first home base you make for yourself in the game. It’s so close to the games you could almost mistake it for a screenshot, with the Nuka-Cola logo clearly on display and the familiar retro-futuristic 50s style vehicles from the games.  However, as promising as these images are, in terms of getting a show that looks exactly like the games, we still know very little about it. There’s been no word on the plot, other than it’s set around Vault 33 (which hasn’t featured in any of the games) and that it stars Walter Goggins. The series is being overseen by Westworld creators Jonathon Nolan and Lisa Joy, while showrunners Geneva Robertson-Dworet and Graham Wagner were previously writers on Captain Marvel and Portlandia, respectively. Beyond that though, what the Fallout show is actually about is currently a mystery. As is when it will debut on Amazon. Email gamecentral@metro.co.uk, leave a comment below, and follow us on Twitter. MORE : Fallout TV show gets first official image to celebrate series’ 25th anniversary MORE : Fallout TV show lands Tomb Raider writer as showrunner MORE : Fallout 5 is in development confirms Bethesda – but only as a one page design document Follow Metro Gaming on Twitter and email us at gamecentral@metro.co.uk To submit Inbox letters and Reader’s Features more easily, without the need to send an email, just use our Submit Stuff page here. For more stories like this, check our Gaming page. 