A maternity doctor has been allowed to continue practising after being given a warning by the medical watchdog for harassing a woman who he sent unwanted gifts. Dr Chibuike Godson Iruloh, who specialises in maternal and fetal medicine, was told by the General Medical Council (GMC) that his behaviour ‘risks bringing the profession into disrepute’. Dr Iruloh, 51, received the warning over his ‘failing’ after being convicted at Chester Magistrates’ Court for harassing the woman named as ‘Ms A’. He ‘contacted her, attended at her address and sent gifts to her address’, according to the charge. The GMC told the consultant, who works at Manchester University NHS Foundation Trust, that ‘this behaviour does not meet with the required standards required of a doctor’. The formal warning states: ‘You must make sure that your conduct justifies your patients’ trust in you and the public’s trust in the profession. ‘Whilst this failing in itself is not so serious as to require any restriction on Dr Iruloh’s registration, it is necessary in response to issue this formal warning.’ Dr Iruloh, who qualified at the University of Nigeria in 1998, was allowed to remain on the General Practitioner Register and to continue working ‘at any grade’ in the NHS, including as a consultant. He was convicted at the court on May 16, 2022 with the warning being issued by the GMC last month. The watchdog told Dr Iruloh: ‘This behaviour does not meet with the standards required of a doctor. It risks bringing the profession into disrepute and it must not be repeated.’ The consultant obstetrician completed his clinical training in Manchester and Sheffield, undertaking laboratory research in his field, before obtaining a PhD in 2007. His listing on the trust’s website states: ‘Dr Iruloh has been a consultant at Saint Mary’s Hospital since 2013. He has written many chapters in obstetric textbooks, has published peer-reviewed articles and has reviewed papers for journals.’ Dr Iruloh had pleaded guilty to the offence, which took place between January 1, 2021 and May 19 the same year. He was ordered to pay court costs of £200, a victim surcharge of £120, compensation of £120 and was fined £1,200. The trust told Metro.co.uk that Dr Iruloh was free to continue in his work, which includes obstetric ultrasound, invasive diagnostic procedures, prenatal counselling and high-risk pregnancies. A spokesperson said: ‘Dr Iruloh’s referral to the GMC was unrelated to any aspect of patient care. ‘We are aware of the GMC finding, which does not involve any restriction on his registration.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.