Love Island’s Ron Hall and Tanyel Revan shocked viewers during the show’s Unseen Bits episode on Saturday night as they were filmed getting close ahead of the series’s first recoupling. During a game of dare, the islanders sat around the fire pit and watched on as Ron was challenged to suck the finger of the ‘fittest’ contestant. Ron was already coupled up with Lana Jenkins and the pair had recently shared a kiss on the villa’s balcony before the game began. Despite being spoken for, the programme’s first partially sighted islander decided to pick Tanyel for his dare and made his way over to the brunette beauty. His choice potentially explained the reasons behind Tanyel’s shocking decision to steal Ron from Lana during Friday night’s recoupling for audiences, as they witnessed him complete the raunchy act. A Twitter user wrote: ‘OK so now I see why Tanyel chose Ron,’ while another posted: ‘I knew Tanyel would choose Ron.’ More speculation flooded in and this social media profile penned: ‘I now see why Tanyel chose Ron.’ A fourth comment read: ‘Ron picked Tanyel as “fittest in the villa” so Lana  can’t even be mad she picked him!’ The scene came after the girls were told to pick which boys they would like to be in a couple with for the foreseeable future on Friday night. Cameras caught Lana crying in the wake of Tanyel’s choice to share a bed with Ron, a decision that also baffled the rest of the islanders who were watching on. Things for the budding couple seemed to be accelerating after they shared an intimate moment, following which Ron told bombshell Zara Lackenby-Brown that he had strong feelings for the villa’s only blonde. Once her first pick had been snapped up, Lana gave a tearful speech and was forced to recouple with farmer and TikTok star Will Young, who she’s presumed to see as more of a friend. Following the make-up artist’s display of emotions, Tanyel was heard saying: ‘I feel so bad’. Fans of the show took to social media to express their confusion at Lana’s expressive reaction having only known Ron for a week. One wrote: ‘No way Lana’s crying. You’ve known the guy for two seconds, don’t be silly.’ Another said: ‘Four days! Why is Lana crying?’ while this user added: ‘Lana crying from first recoupling She’s not gonna handle Casa Amor.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island host Maya Jama has already been given more screen-time than predecessor Laura Whitmore MORE : All the couples from Winter Love Island 2023 – from day one to now 