Austin Butler has dedicated his Oscar nomination to the late Lisa Marie Presley. On Tuesday the 31-year-old actor was nominated for the best actor due to his critically acclaimed performance as Elvis Presley in Baz Luhrmann’s 2022 biopic. On Friday January 13, it was confirmed that the singer-songwriter, the only child of Elvis and Priscilla Presley, had died after suffering a cardiac arrest, two days after attending the Golden Globes. In a statement, her mother wrote: ‘It is with a heavy heart that I must share the devastating news that my beautiful daughter Lisa Marie has left us. ‘She was the most passionate, strong and loving woman I have ever known.’ During Tuesday’s Today with Hoda and Jenna Austin called shortly after the announcement – which came just over a week after Presley’s death. ‘It’s sort of a bittersweet moment right now because I think of how much I wish she was here right now to get to celebrate with me,’ he said. ‘It’s the same thing I feel with Elvis; I wish that they could see these moments, you know? It’s just sort of strange to celebrate at a time of such deep grief. But I sort of think of it as a way to honor her. This is for her.’ Presley was over the moon with Austin’s portrayal of her late father, who died of a heart attack in 1977 at just 42 years old. In an interview at the Golden Globes, she said she was ‘proud’ of Austin’s portrayal of her father and the film meant ‘everything’ to her and her family. In a statement to People, Austin said his ‘heart is completely shattered’ at the ‘tragic and unexpected loss of Lisa Marie’. ‘I am eternally grateful for the time I was lucky enough to be near her bright light and will forever cherish the quiet moments we shared,’ he continued. ‘Her warmth, her love and her authenticity will always be remembered.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Busy Philipps celebrates Michelle Williams’ Oscars nomination for the Fabelmans with iconic throwback MORE : Elvis star Austin Butler and girlfriend Kaia Gerber sit second row behind Presley family at Graceland memorial for Lisa Marie