Chris Evans has been supporting his friend and co-star Jeremy Renner ever since his horrifying snow plough accident on January 1. The Hawkeye star, 52, was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after he was accidentally run over by his own six-tonne ploughing machine while trying to help a family member on New Year’s Day. Renner revealed on Saturday that the accident left him with more than 30 broken bones, and Evans was quick to comment on his post. ‘That’s one tough mf’er. Has anyone even checked on the snowcat? Sending so much love,’ the Captain America star penned. Evans, 41, was referring to the type of heavy-duty machine that ran over Renner. It’s not the first time he’s publicly thrown his support behind Renner in recent weeks. Evans marked his fellow Marvel star’s birthday on January 7 by writing on Instagram: ‘Happy birthday to one of the toughest guys I know! Sending so much love your way.’ The pair are long-time friends, as well as co-stars, having appeared in The Avengers franchise together, plus Captain America. After news of Renner’s accident was made public, Evans was one of the famous faces sending him well wishes for his recovery. He wrote beneath Renner’s post about the accident: ‘Tough as nails. Love you buddy.’ Renner has been sharing updates with his followers throughout his recovery, and in his latest post, published on Saturday, The Mayor of Kingstown actor shared a photo of himself receiving treatment while lying in bed. He wrote: ‘Morning workouts, resolutions all changed this particular new year…. Spawned from tragedy for my entire family, and quickly focused into uniting actionable love. ‘I want to thank EVERYONE for their messages and thoughtfulness for my family and I …. Much love and appreciation to you all. ‘These 30 plus broken bones will mend, grow stronger, just like the love and bond with family and friends deepens. Love and blessings to you all.’ The incident took place at the start of January, near the Mount Rose Highway, which links Lake Tahoe and south Reno as it straddles the Nevada-California border. Immediately after the incident, Renner posted a picture of himself from his hospital bed, thanking fans for their support, but saying he was ‘too messed up to type’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Maya Jama’s ex-fiancé Ben Simmons ‘demanding £800,000 engagement ring is returned’ MORE : Elle Fanning dedicates heart-wrenching goodbye to late dance teacher: ‘You fought until your last breath’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 