Happy New Year! 2023 is here, which means it’s time to get back to work… and plan when you’ll next be off. Following New Year’s Eve celebrations, and perhaps the making of New Year’s Resolutions, many will be looking forward to what’s to come over the next 365 days. That includes the crop of new UK bank holidays, including the extra day off for King Charles III’s coronation in May. Some will also be keen to make a note of when they are so they can plan their next getaway, and also plot the best times to book annual leave to get the most days off possible. So, when are the 2023 bank holidays, and what holiday should you book to make the most of them? Diaries at the ready – here is the ultimate guide. Monday, January 2: New Year’s DayIncludes England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland Tuesday, January 3: Second Day of JanuaryIncludes Scotland only Friday, March 17: St Patrick’s DayIncludes Northern Ireland only Friday, April 7: Good FridayIncludes England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland Monday, April 10: Easter MondayIncludes England, Wales and Northern Ireland only Monday, May 1: Early May Bank HolidayIncludes England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland Monday, May 8: King Charles III Coronation Bank HolidayIncludes England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland Monday, May 29: Spring Bank HolidayIncludes England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland Wednesday, July 12: Battle of the BoyneIncludes Northern Ireland only Monday, August 7: Summer Bank HolidayIncludes Scotland only Monday, August 28: Summer Bank HolidayIncludes England, Wales and Northern Ireland only Thursday, November 30: St Andrew’s DayIncludes Scotland only Monday, December 25: Christmas DayIncludes England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland Tuesday, December 26: Boxing DayIncludes England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. If the aim of the game is to use as little annual leave as possible to get as many days off as possible, we’re here to help. You can secure a total of 47 days off by booking a very specific set of 19 days leave, in chunks of three of four days, according to Unearth PR – that surely wouldn’t affect your work too much. Here’s how to do it: Start by taking four days off prior to Good Friday and Easter Monday for a full 10-day break. Taking these four days off after the Early May Bank Holiday will give you nine whole days to relax. Having two days off at the end of May, after the Spring Bank Holiday, and another two at the start of June will give you nine consecutive days off. If you book off four days after the August Bank Holiday, you’ll have nine days off work. If you take three days off work after Boxing Day, you’ll get 10 days out of office – which will end the year nicely. Of course, you might not be able to swing them all off – but even just one of these clever tricks for booking annual leave will help you get nine or 10 days off in a row, ideal for a relaxing break. Royal fans in particular will be keen to snap up Tuesday, May 2 to Friday, May 5 as annual leave. This will get you nine days off around King Charles III’s Coronation – and also incorporate the Early May Bank Holiday. Another sweet option involves booking off Tuesday, May 30 to Friday, June 2. These four days come just after the Spring Bank Holiday, meaning you’ll get that Monday off anyway – and two weekends on either side – equalling a nine-day break. Georgia Gadsby March, co-founder of Unearth PR, says: ‘Maximising your annual leave and taking time off is hugely important for your mental health and ability to reprioritise. ‘When we’re busy at work every day we often forget that work should come second to other aspects of our life, such as family and our general health and wellbeing. ‘Taking nine and 10 days off at a time can help us properly reconnect with those priorities, have a break from any work-related stress, and enjoy time doing whatever it is that makes you happy outside of work.’ Might as well get that annual leave request in now…. MORE : When is King Charles III’s coronation and will we get a bank holiday? MORE : How to get 10 days off in a row in May 2023 using just four days of annual leave MORE : These are the unique getaways people have been lusting over on Airbnb Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below