The first trailer for new film Renfield has dropped – and Nicolas Cage looked positively ghoulish as Dracula. In this modern monster tale of Dracula’s loyal servant, Nicholas Hoult stars as Renfield, the tortured aide to history’s most narcissistic boss, Dracula (Cage). Renfield is forced to procure his master’s prey and do his every bidding, no matter how debased, but he has finally reached his limit after centuries of servitude. Desperate to see if there’s a life outside the shadow of The Prince of Darkness, Renfield starts to figure out how to end his codependency. In the two-minute long trailer, the clip starts with Renfield bursting into a gym, startling a group of people who are having a theory session, and stating: ‘I need to get out of a toxic relationship.’ After grabbing a chair and settling in, the none-the-wiser therapist leading the pack asks: ‘Why don’t you start by telling us what brought you here?’ ‘My boss is different,’ Renfield offers up, while we see him dragging a corpse through an eerie-looking lair, complete with skulls and dusty lamps. Disrupting his thoughts, a clueless participant comments: ‘You can’t get him out of your head’, with Renfield agreeing: ‘No.’ A second member of the group remarks: ‘You feel like he can destroy you with the snap of his fingers’, as we see Renfield darting through a room at the speed of light at the command of his master. In a terrifying scene, a church member is seen inhaling a mysterious fog, before completely exploding, while viewers are teased the first look at Nicolas, 58, as Dracula – with a terrifying close-up of his teeth. Next up, looking distressed, sat in a bar, Renfield sighs as he sees ‘normal people’ enjoying socialising with pals over a beer, while Dracula commands him he ‘wants a bus load of cheerleaders.’ ‘I just want a normal life again,’ he laments. However, his dastardly plans are interrupted when a gang of criminals, sporting hoodies and animal masks, storm into the bar and begin shooting the pub goers. Sensing this could be the moment, Renfield scoffs a spider which appears to give him magic powers, as he wipes the floor with the masked gunmen. ‘You saved my life,’ officer Rebecca Quincy (Awkwafina) says,’ Did I watch you cut a guy’s arm off with a decorative serving platter?’ ‘It’s all in the wrist,’ he says, without a hint of irony. Later back in the flat, Renfield explains his unusual relationship with his boss, with Rebecca remarking: ‘You bring him people to eat?!’ Back at the therapy session, Renfield’s asked by the exuberant therapist what if he weren’t to cater to all of his boss’ needs, to which a delighted Renfield, joining the dots, replies: ‘He won’t grow to full power.’ But just at that moment, to the sound of Renfield’s wailings and ‘Nooos’, Dracula, sporting a top hat, strolls in, announcing that he’s known as the ‘dark one.’ Flying above the group, who are left speechless, he says slowly: ‘I am Dracula’ with the therapist accurately remarking: ‘We’re dealing with a little more than narcissism here.’ ‘Now let’s eat!’ the trailer ends, zooming in on Dracula taking a bite from the camera. Renfield is set to be released in cinemas on April 14. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicolas Cage’s pet snake tried to ‘hypnotise’ him – and he used the experience as inspiration for Ghost Rider MORE : Nicolas Cage used to think he was an alien as a child because of course he did 