Nearly 60,000 people with Covid have died in China since early December. Authorities has been battling to contain a huge surge in infections over several months. December’s deaths included 5,503 people who died due to respiratory failure caused by the disease and 54,435 from other causes combined with the infection. The fatalities solely include those who died in hospitals, leading to the possibility there could be more who died elsewhere. According to recent data, the average age of those who have died is 80.3 years. Of those who died with Covid, 90.1% of people were over the age of 65. More than 90% had cancer, heart or lung diseases or kidney problems. Jiao Yahui, head of the Bureau of Medical Administration under the National Health Commission (NHC), gave an update to local press. He said: ‘The number of elderly patients dying from illness is relatively large, which suggests that we should pay more attention to elderly patients and try our best to save their lives.’ At the peak on 23 December, 2.9 million people visited Covid centres daily with the number falling by 83% to 477,000 on Thursday. China had managed to keep its infection rate and deaths lower than other western countries at the height of the pandemic with a ‘zero-Covid’ strategy which saw entire cities lock down, and millions ordered to stay in their homes. Beijing recently opened its borders and mainland China lifted crossing curbs with Hong Kong and ended the requirement for incoming travelling to quarantine. Long queues of passengers – many eager for long-awaited reunions – formed at Hong Kong’s international airport for flights to cities including Beijing, Tianjin and Xiamen. China’s easing over the past month of one of the world’s strictest Covid regimes followed protests against frequent testing, curbs on movement and mass lockdowns. Experts predict the lifting of curbs will reinvigorate an economy suffering its lowest growth in nearly half a century. But the abrupt policy reversal has triggered a massive wave of infections that is overwhelming hospitals and causing business disruptions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.