The first rocket launch from UK soil has had to be aborted mid-flight due to an anomaly. In a tweet, Virgin Orbit said: ‘We appear to have an anomaly that hasprevented us from reaching orbit. We are evaluating the information.’ After months of planning ‘Cosmic Girl’ was set into space by Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Orbit company earlier tonight. The modified Boeing 747 – which was once a passenger plane – carried the rocket into space. It would have been the first orbital launch from UK soil – or anywhere in western Europe – and comes after technical issues pushed it back from before Christmas. The repurposed Boeing took off from Spaceport Cornwall, at Cornwall Airport Newquay just after 10pm. Once ‘Cosmic Girl’ had flown from Spaceport some 35,000ft (10,700 metres) over the Atlantic, it released the LauncherOne rocket. However due to an ‘anomaly’ Virgin Orbit said it was unable to reach orbit. Matt Archer, from the UK Space Agency, said the satellite load was insured and Virgin Orbit would recover its losses. ‘The rocket will probably break up, not all of it will burn up, but certainly that’s what they will be tracking at the moment and making sure that it is coming down safely,’ he said. ‘The trajectory that it was on shouldn’t be anywhere near land.’ Mr Archer said the first stage burn would have got the rocket into basic orbit but a second stage was needed to put it 500km above the earth. The LauncherOne rocket was travelling successfully after deployment for about 25 minutes before the anomoly was reported. So, while there wasn’t a problem with detaching from the aircraft or initial ignition, it appears the engine was the culprit. Whether the velocity had something to do with it is uncertain. The rocket’s first stage successfully took it to about 12,900kph while the second stage put it at a cruising speed of 28,000kph. This was the point at which the anomoly was reported. ‘The second-stage engine had a technical anomaly and didn’t reach the required orbit,’ Mr Archer said. This isn’t the first time that Virgin Orbit has suffered a problem with the system. It’s only been in operation since 2020 and failed on its maiden outing. However, this was followed up by four successful flights. It had been hoped the launch would kickstart the UK entering the space race over 70 years after the British Space Programme was established in 1952. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.