*Warning: This article contains spoilers from Happy Valley series 3 episode 2. Happy Valley’s Siobhan Finneran has promised fans that episode three of the blistering third series is going to be one heck of a ride. The second instalment from Happy Valley’s third and final run saw Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) discover her sister Clare Cartwright (Siobhan) has been secretly taking Ryan (Rhys Connah) to visit his vile father Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton) in prison. Catherine has kept Ryan well away from his dad, the man who raped her daughter Becky and blames for her suicide. The latest episode saw Catherine confront Clare in one of the tensest moments in Happy Valley history, after she followed her sister to Sheffield and watched her drop Ryan off at jail. As Clare sat in a nearby café, Catherine sat outside watching Clare lie through her teeth, claiming she was in Leeds. It was TV gold as Catherine slowly walked into the café and plonked herself in front of Clare, who has a lot to answer for. Appearing on Monday’s This Morning, Siobhan warned hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield about what’s coming up next: ‘All I can really say about that is I think you’re gonna have to fasten your seatbelts for episode three.’ Uh-oh. Happy Valley’s return after seven years has been a huge triumph, even beating viewing figures for Prince Harry’s bombshell interview on ITV with Tom Bradbury on Sunday night. Sadly, this current series will be the end. ‘This is it, yeah,’ stressed Siobhan. ‘We’re definitely not doing anymore… I wasn’t aware of that, but I think that’s always been in Sally’s and Sarah’s head that they would just do three – which is great. ‘We leave it on something to be cherished, I think, as opposed to letting it become diluted by keep making other episodes.’ Happy Valley continues Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. This Morning airs weekdays at 10.30am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 