Former All Black prop Campbell Johnstone has become the first New Zealand rugby player to come out as gay. The 43-year-old, who played three Tests in 2005, says he confided in family and some of his teammates during his playing career but admits he felt he was living a ‘double life’ publicly. ‘If I can be the first All Black that comes out as gay and take away the pressure, I guess, the stigma surrounding that whole issue then it can actually help other people,’ Johnstone told TVNZ’s Seven Sharp programme. ‘Then the public will know that there is one in amongst the All Blacks. ‘It could possibly be one of the final pieces in the public puzzle for New Zealand sports-wise and it could be a very vital piece that just gives everyone closure.’ Johnstone also revealed he struggled with the pressure of his sexuality during his playing career. ‘It would come to the surface when I may have had a bad game and I would look at that side of me and blame that side for it,’ Johnstone said. ‘It slowly starts to affect you and it’s hard living a double life or living a lie. ‘We had a phrase in rugby saying after a game if you could look yourself in the mirror and be honest with yourself then you’ve done enough… and here I was looking in the mirror having not been honest with my teammates. ‘That puts a lot of pressure on you and it just builds up on you.’ The All Blacks praised his decision with a message of support on Twitter. ‘Much love and support for All Black #1056 Campbell Johnstone for having the courage to share his story and helping create a more inclusive game,’ it read. New Zealand Rugby chief executive Mark Robinson said: ‘On behalf of the New Zealand rugby community and as a former teammate, I want to acknowledge and support Campbell for sharing his authentic story. ‘We know that there are people who have not always been comfortable to be who they are in rugby. We want to be clear, no matter who you love, rugby has your back.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 