NFL star Damar Hamlin has opened his eyes, is awake and responsive after suffering a cardiac arrest during a game on Monday which led to him being listed in critical condition. The 24-year-old Buffalo Bills player collided with Tee Higgins of the Cincinnati Bengals during the first quarter of the game, and after initially getting to his feet, he then collapsed. He was treated immediately but remained on the pitch for 10 minutes before being transferred to a medical facility where he was sedated and in a critical condition. A Buffalo Bills statement read: ‘Buffalo Bills confirmed his condition, stating: ‘Damar Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest following a hit in our game versus the Bengals. ‘His heartbeat was restored on the field and he was transferred to the UC Medical Center for further testing and treatment. He is currently sedated and listed in critical condition.’ There is now better news, though, with Ian Rapoport of NFL.com tweeting on Thursday: ‘Damar Hamlin opened his eyes last night and is responsive. Truly incredible.’ A statement from Buffalo Bills read: ‘Per the physicians caring for Damar Hamlin at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, Damar has shown remarkable improvement over the past 24 hours. ‘While still critically ill, he has demonstrated that he appears to be neurologically intact. His lungs continue to heal and he is making steady progress. ‘We are grateful for the love and support we have received.’ Bills cornerback Kaiir Elam added: ‘Our boy is doing better, awake and showing more signs of improvement. Thank you God. Keep the prayers coming please. All love 3!’ Other reports state that Hamlin has been able to grip the hands of his family, which is another positive sign of his improvement, with doctors pleased with his progress. MORE : Damar Hamlin in critical condition after cardiac arrest during Cincinnati Bengals vs Buffalo Bills NFL game MORE : NFL legend Tom Brady sends classy message to Kylian Mbappe after France’s World Cup final defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 