Winter Love Island 2023 is here – and the drama has already begun after one singleton proved very popular with the ladies. With Maya Jama as the new host of the ITV dating series, things got off to a fiery start, but especially when the girls were asked to choose boys to couple up with. Viewers are already predicting drama ahead, given that teacher Kai Fagan, 24, had not one, not two, but three girls all going heart eyes for him. Kai was initially coupled up with Anna-May Robey, 20, forming the second couple of the new series. However, it wasn’t long before we got to witness a steal, as Olivia Hawkins, 27, was a woman who knew what she wanted, and chose to couple up with Kai, despite him being taken. Olivia wasn’t able to stay comfortable for long, though, as, in a shocking twist, he couldn’t help but step forwards and admit to fancying Tanyel Revan, 26. Ultimately, it was Tanyel who Kai ended up with, and he was very pleased with his choice in the end. The chaos of it all wasn’t lost on viewers, however, who are more than ready to watch the gals ‘go to war’ and compete for his attention as the series unfolds. ‘I can feel the drama already with Kai and the three other women. Whew!’, one tweeted. ‘Kai is gonna give us drama’, predicted another, with one adding: ‘Kai will be a problem and I so appreciate it.’ But, not everyone is so keen, with others already branding him a ‘player’. ‘He needs to be humbled asap’, one Twitter user wrote. ‘I can literally see Kai’s ego growing by the second’, added another. One individual even suggested Kai is ‘the next Adam Collard’, aka the 2018 bad boy who returned to the villa in 2022 to stir the pot. However, Kai is keeping his options open, despite being in a couple with Tanyel. Chatting with the other boys in the bedroom at the end of the first day, he admitted: ‘I’m gonna talk to all of them.’ When the other guys started celebrating him having three girls seemingly falling at his feet, though, he expressed a slightly insecure side to his personality. ‘Yeah, that’s until they start talking to me and realise how f***ing boring I am,’ he confessed. So, will Kai stay happily coupled up with Tanyel, or will there be some more switcheroos? And have any other girls got their eyes on him? Love Island airs each night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2023 viewers think Haris Namani looks like a footballer – and it’s not Ronaldo MORE : Winter Love Island viewers already annoyed by new buzzword of series: ‘Quickly becoming my least favourite word’ 