Antonio Conte is set to leave Tottenham at the end of the season and has little desire to extend his stay at the north London club, according to reports in Italy. The 53-year-old has a deal that runs until the summer at which point Spurs have the option to trigger a one-year extension, though it appears neither party is keen to continue their relationship. According to Sky Sport Italia journalist Gianluca Di Marzio, Conte has already decided he wants to return to Italy and Tottenham have no intention of keeping a manager who does not want to be at the club. Speaking on his L’Originale show, Di Marzio explained: ‘The news I can tell you with certainty is that Antonio Conte will leave Tottenham at the end of the season. ‘There was no spark, his contract is expiring and the club has not asked him for a renewal. ‘The club does not like the frequent jibes. Conte wants players to win, while the club prefers to trade, the feeling with the club has not clicked. ‘His family, among other things, has remained in Italy.’ Di Marzio later suggested that talks were simply on hold, with Spurs still keen to extend Conte’s deal, but the Italian has asked to delay the decision until the summer for family reasons. Spurs have had a very mixed season and despite still being in the mix for the top four – they are just six points adrift of third-placed Newcastle – there have been some concerns over performances and Conte’s style of play. The north Londoners have not managed to beat any of their top-four rivals this season and have lost back-to-back matches against Arsenal and Manchester City, conceding six goals in the process. Spurs have been woeful at the back all season – frequently going behind in matches – and have conceded 31 goals in just 20 matches, which is more than 19th-placed Everton. With Conte keen to end his reign at Tottenham in the summer, there are now big question marks over whether he should even stay in his role until then with many fans calling for the return of former boss Mauricio Pochettino – who is currently out of work and available. There are also concerns over how Spurs should approach the January transfer window, given that they could be investing funds in players wanted by a manager who will not be at the club in five months’ time. For his part, Conte is thought to have been deeply affected by the deaths of long-serving fitness coach Gian Piero Ventrone and former team-mates and friends Sinisa Mihajlovic and Gianluca Vialli, while he is keen to spend more time with his wife and daughter who did not relocate to London and have stayed in Italy. MORE : Tottenham chief handed ban and Juventus deducted 15 points after transfer scandal MORE : Harry Kane’s stance on joining Manchester United as Erik ten Hag revives interest in Tottenham striker For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 