Billie Eilish has requested a restraining order against a man who allegedly broke into her house earlier this month. The singing megastar said the incident, as well as five others prior to it, had caused her ‘substantial anxiety, fear, and emotional distress’ over her and her family’s safety. Billie said a 39-year-old man, who did did not recognise in photographs, had broken into her family home on January 5, ‘apparently professing his love for me’ and expressing he really wanted to meet the singer. Legal documents obtained by PA news agency allege he entered the interior of the family’s home ‘unannounced and uninvited’ multiple times between late December and early January. But this is not Billie’s first brush with a suspected stalker. She added: ‘Regrettably, this is not the first time an unknown individual has attempted to contact my family and me specifically by stalking us outside my family’s home and by making professions of love to and threats of violence against me. ‘However, each such occasion, including the present one, causes me substantial anxiety, fear, and emotional distress over my personal safety and that of my father, mother, and brother. ‘I worry that some day one of these individuals will do something violent or extremely disturbing to me or one of my family members.’ This will be a huge blow to the Ocean Eyes singer as she has previously talked about her family home being a safe space. ‘I really don’t like to be alone,’ the singer told Irish Times in 2021. ‘I do like having anonymity, or autonomy, but I really am flipped out when I’m alone. I hate it. I have a lot of stalkers, and I have people that want to do bad things to me, and I also am freaked out by the dark and, like, what’s under beds and couches. I have a lot of weird, irrational fears. ‘So I’m still at my parents’ house a lot. I just love my parents and really like it here. It’s very comforting.’ If passed, the restraining order will also grant protection for her mother and father, Maggie May Baird and Patrick Mead O’Connell, as well as her brother and producer Finneas O’Connell. Eilish’s restraining order request was submitted to the Los Angeles Superior Court on Tuesday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Billie Eilish helped me become a 58-year-old TikTok star MORE : Billie Eilish ‘bares all’ in X-rated optical illusion T-shirt after dressing down for trip to the gym  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 