As months of the year go, January doesn’t have a lot to shout about. The fun and festivities are over – all we can do is buckle down, and make it through the rest of the winter. And to add salt to the wound, it’s also famed for being the month when couples break-up – with so called ‘Divorce Day’ landing on the first working day in January. It’s thought that spending so much time together over the festive period is the last straw for many relationships – and people tend to wait until January to avoid a messy break up over the holidays. But now, careers experts are saying that the process of splitting up isn’t just confined to our romantic lives. Many dissatisfied employees use the new year to kick start their hunt for a new position. In January, UK job search activity on Glassdoor soars on average by 55%. Now, this frantic period of job hunting is being dubbed, the ‘Great Job Divorce’ – and it could be the perfect time to bag your dream job. Even with a looming recession, the UK’s shrinking pool of workers means that there are still nearly 1.2 million open vacancies, meaning job hunters will have the upper hand. But if you are looking to be part of the Great Job Divorce, it’s important not to make any knee-jerk decisions. ‘New year, new job’ is a tempting mantra, but before making any big changes, it’s important to think things through. Careers trend expert Jill Cotton, from Glassdoor shares her advice. Look at your current job analytically, and ask why you want to move on. Commons signs that you might be ready for something new include feeling demotivated or unchallenged by your position. You might also think your role has stagnated or the career path ahead is uninspiring. The biggest red flag: a persistent dread of returning to work on a Monday morning. Knowing the ‘why’ you want to move on will help you avoid taking another job that may cause the same issues. If your current role doesn’t make you happy, then perhaps it’s time to look elsewhere. Job vacancies may be historically high, but finding a job you love still takes time and effort. Become clear on what you want, why you want it and what qualifies you. If you don’t know the answers, ask your wider support network: current and previous colleagues, mentors, friends and family. Don’t be held back by societal norms of what you think you should be doing or where you think you should at your age or this point in your career. It is also crucial that you know your worth. With worries about the cost of living crisis continuing to rise, employees need to know they are being paid fairly. Free salary calculators can help ensure your compensation package is within the expected range for your position and industry. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Have you ‘end-zoned’ your job? Why this cynical workplace trend is so dangerous to your career MORE : The 18-year-itch: Millennials officially hit ‘career fatigue’ after nearly two decades in the workforce