Putin’s official mouthpiece has accused Boris Johnson of fabricating a threat by the Russian president to assassinate him with a missile. The former prime minister said Putin personally warned him that it would ‘only take a minute’ for a Russian missile to strike him down in the UK. The outlandish claim was supposedly made over the phone shortly before Russia launched its invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. Asked about the comment, Putin’s spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters Mr Johnson’s account was ‘not true’, or ‘more precisely, a lie’ – and said his comments created an ‘awkward situation’. Mr Johnson discusses the call in a new BBC documentary about Putin’s relationship with other world leaders. He says: ‘He threatened me at one point, and he said, “Boris, I don’t want to hurt you but, with a missile, it would only take a minute’ or something like that. Jolly. ‘But I think from the very relaxed tone that he was taking, the sort of air of detachment that he seemed to have, he was just playing along with my attempts to get him to negotiate.’ Mr Johnson said Putin took a ‘very familiar’ tone with him during the call, in which the then-PM sought to warn him an invasion of Ukraine would be disastrous. The MP for Uxbridge and South Ruislip says he cautioned tough Western sanctions loomed if it went ahead – as well as ‘more Nato, not less Nato’ along Russia’s borders. He added: ‘He [Putin] said, “Boris, you say that Ukraine is not going to join Nato any time soon. […] What is any time soon?” ‘And I said, “Well it’s not going to join Nato for the foreseeable future. You know that perfectively well”. There was no reference to the threat in official accounts of the call given by Downing Street and the Kremlin at the time. Mr Peskov said he was ‘aware of the contents of the call’ and speculated that Mr Johnson may have been ‘deliberately’ lying or simply misunderstood what he heard. The Kremlin spokesperson claimed that ‘Putin noted that in the event of Ukraine joining Nato, the potential deployment of Nato or American missiles near our borders would mean any missile would reach Moscow within minutes. ‘If this passage was interpreted that way then this is a very awkward situation indeed.’ While Russia is in possession of ultra-fast hypersonic missiles which can be launched from warships, defence experts have said its stockpiles are low and the chances of a Russian strike on the UK are ‘very very low’. To hit London in anywhere close to a minute, as per Putin’s supposed threat, the fastest missiles of this kind would have to be fired from within the territorial waters of Britain or its neighbouring allies. A diplomatic stand-off would likely be triggered well ahead of any Russian ships reaching such a distance. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.