The people are absolutely loving Shakira’s new tune, so much so that it’s only gone and broken a record. Shakira, 45, delighted her fans by dropping Out of Your League this week, especially given it’s shady lyrics towards her ex, Gerard Pique, 35, and his 23-year-old girlfriend. She seemed to make no secret about who the song was aimed at either, with lyrics including: ‘I’m worth two 22’s. ‘You traded a Ferrari for a Twingo. You traded a Rolex for a Casio.’ In an apparent brutal dig at the former Manchester United and Barcelona defender, Shakira also: ‘A lot of gyms, but work your brain a little bit too.’ It has since been revealed that the collaboration with Argentine DJ Bizarrap has been watched more than 63million times in 24 hours. This makes it the most-watched Latin song in that time period – major claps for Shakira! She joins a string of Latin performers who have broken records on the video platform, including J Balvin, Luis Fonsi, and Daddy Yankee. It isn’t just the lyrics of the song that fans reckon are a dig at Shakira’s ex and his new lover, but the title itself as well. The song, called Shakira: Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol 53 has only been released in Spanish so far. However, it seems the Whenever, Wherever songstress isn’t afraid to make reference to her own struggles as well in her lyrics. One part of the catchy tune appears to be a nod to her legal woes against the Spanish authorities, who have accused her of failing to pay over £12million in taxes. ‘You left me the mother-in-law as a neighbour,’ she sings. ‘With the press at my door and a debt with the taxman. ‘You thought you’d hurt me and I came back stronger. ‘Women don’t cry any more, women invoice.’ But, at the end of the day, Shakira – who shares two children with Pique – doesn’t appear to be holding a grude. ‘From love to hate there’s only one step,’ Shakira adds, before stating: ‘No hard feelings baby, I wish you the best with my supposed replacement.’ Shakira and her ex-husband were together for 11 years before announcing their split last April. In a joint statement released via her publicist, the pair said: ‘We regret to confirm that we are parting ways. ‘For the well-being of our children, who are our highest priority, we ask that you respect their privacy. Thank you for your understanding.’ The former couple have since been involved in legal negotiations following their bitter separation, with the Waka Waka vocalist set to move back to Miami with their children, Sasha, seven, and Milan, nine. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Shakira encourages fans to ‘know your worth’ in motivational New Year post about ‘heartache’ after divorce in 2022 MORE : Shakira and Gerard Pique keep their distance as they cheer on 9-year-old son at baseball game in Barcelona 