Kim Kardashian’s long locks have become part of her image over the years, but the reality star recently gave us a sneak peek behind the styling. In a holiday TikTok, the Skims founder was without her usual extensions, following a switch back to brunette after a platinum blonde transformation last year. Where we usually see Kim wearing voluminous wigs or keratin-straight extensions, her hair in the video is shoulder length, naturally wavy, and a marked change from her usual sleek, shampoo advert shiny ‘do. While it shouldn’t be revolutionary, many have praised the 42-year-old’s candid reveal. Journalist Mared Parry said on Twitter: ‘Realising that this is what Kim Kardashian’s real hair looks like despite having the best possible care that money can buy has made me feel so much better about my own.’ ‘Celebs need to do this more often in my opinion,’ wrote another user. ‘It’s crazy the number of people that idolise celebs and want hair just like theirs, when it’s just extensions.’ There’s no doubt extensions can look great, but they’re also expensive to maintain and can damage the hair if not fitted and cared for properly. So if you’ve been inspired by Kim K to go back au naturel, here’s how to healthily break up with your tape, weave, or micro-ring extensions. While you’ve got your extensions in, it’s important to take care of them to ensure they’ll come away easily. Brush your hair regularly to remove tangle, which may cause breakage and hair loss. Hey Stacey explains: ‘If you leave knots you are adding further weight in one particular part of your scalp, because having hair clump together in one spot is adding weight in one section of your hair – which will not help your hair loss.’ Ensure you follow your hairdresser’s guidance when it comes to washing and styling too, as the better condition your real hair is in, the fuller it’ll look when it’s on its own. Whether you can remove extensions yourself depends on the type you have. It’s always better to speak with whoever fitted yours to find out, because keratin bonds and micro-rings for example need professional expertise. Otherwise you may end up far worse off than before extensions. A trip to the salon may be in order, but at least it saves you from the expense and effort of maintenance and refits going forward. If you decide to DIY the removal, take your time and be precise. Avoid using products you haven’t tried before (as they may cause a reaction) and follow instructions to the letter. If you go down the professional route, it’s worth seeing if your hairdresser can offer their input. The experts at NuTress say: ‘When you have your hair extensions removed, ask your extensionist about the condition of your own hair, ask to see photographs of your scalp. ‘Don’t feel awkward, a good extensionist will be happy to show you.’ Then you can tailor aftercare to your needs. When extensions are removed, there may be residue on your scalp, so wash thoroughly twice with a clarifying shampoo right afterwards. Once the hair is clean, use a moisturising hair mask or bond building treatment like Olaplex to add nourishment and get you back to basics. So your mane is now fully home-grown. The next step is to give hair the TLC it needs to grow healthier and longer. ‘If you avoid using heated tools to style your hair for a long period of time, your hair will recover much faster and will prevent further damage,’ advise the experts at Hey Stacey. They also recommend biotin supplements for hair health, silk pillowcases to minimise breakage, and sun or heat protection sprays. Follow the same rules you would normally to look after hair: apply masks regularly, wash sparingly, and keep aggressive styling to a minimum. Even if your natural hair is in tip-top condition after your extensions are gone, you may still crave that length and body. Clip-in extensions can provide the exact same effect without making permanent changes – and nowadays there’s a wealth of real and synthetic options to choose from that are a far cry from the clip-ins of years gone by. Alternatively, a halo hairpiece reduces damage and is even easier to fit. Simply section off the top and bottom of your hair, then place the band over the parting, unclip the top section and brush through any gaps with your fingers. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Your colour but better’ is the new big hair trend of 2023 MORE : Dodgy hair transplants are making men ‘look electrocuted and ruining their lives’