Us humans have a bad habit of leaving a trail of junk in our wake and with human activity in space at an all-time high, this problem has extended to outer space. With every satellite launched into space since 1957, a trail of potential waste has followed. Once they’ve served their use, dead satellites have nowhere to go but continue their orbits while smaller debris gets chipped off their bodies. As of January 2022, the amount of space junk orbiting the Earth exceeded 9,000 metric tonnes. This comprises nonfunctional spacecraft, abandoned launch vehicle stages, mission-related debris and fragmentation debris. Further, China’s 2007 anti-satellite test, which used a missile to destroy an old weather satellite, added more than 3,500 pieces of debris to space alone. While the probability of two large objects accidentally colliding in space is very low, in 2009, an active American satellite, Iridium 33, and a defunct Russian military satellite, Kosmos 2251, accidentally collided. Large debris from both these events still represents one-third of all known space debris. Now, over 25,000 objects larger than 10 cm are known to exist in space, of which over 100 million particles are larger than 1 mm. Most orbital debris resides within 2,000 km of the Earth’s surface with the greatest concentration of debris found near 750-1000 km. Above 1,000 km, orbital debris will normally continue circling the Earth for a thousand years or more. Meaning, the earth is surrounded by a shell of debris, orbiting at speeds of about seven to eight km/s. The biggest risk posed by space debris is the damage it can cause to valuable space equipment. The average impact speed of orbital debris with another space object is approximately 10 to 15 km/s, which is more than 10 times the speed of a bullet. It also poses a risk to people on earth as debris left in orbits below 600 km normally fall back to Earth within several years. While most falling debris doesn’t survive the reentry to earth, due to severe heating, the ones which do survive are most likely to fall into the oceans or sparsely populated regions like the Canadian Tundra, the Australian Outback or Siberia. In the past 50 years, an average of one piece of debris fell back to Earth each day. While none of these has caused serious injury or property damage yet, it’s still a possibility. When it comes to space debris, it’s the millimetre-sized ones that pose the highest risk to human spaceflight and robotic missions. More than 27,000 pieces of space junk are tracked by the US Department of Defense’s global Space Surveillance Network (SSN) sensors. The rising population of space debris increases the potential danger to all space vehicles, including to the International Space Station (ISS) and other spacecraft with humans aboard, such as SpaceX’s Crew Dragon. If an object is projected to come within a few kilometres of the ISS, the station will normally manoeuvre away from the object if the chance of a collision exceeds 1 in 10,000. The ISS is the most heavily shielded spacecraft ever flown and its critical components like habitable compartments and high-pressure tanks can withstand the impact of debris as large as 1 cm in diameter. Nasa assesses the threat of space debris by drawing an imaginary ‘pizza box’ around the ISS. When any tracked objects are projected to pass close enough for concern, Mission Control centres in Houston and Moscow work together to develop a prudent course of action. Just last month, a planned spacewalk was postponed while the ISS decided to conduct a Pre-Determined Debris Avoidance Maneuver (PDAM) to put some extra distance between the station and a piece of debris. While debris avoidance manoeuvres are possible, the better way to tackle the problem would be to prevent the unnecessary creation of orbital debris in the first place. This can be done through prudent vehicle design and operations. ‘We need to clean up by finding the right mechanism by which when we launch objects to space, there is less debris and if we can, how can we build better spacecraft that clean up themselves,’ Sarah Al Amiri, chairwoman of the UAE Space Agency, told Metro.co.uk. However, she adds that asking makers to add new technology to spacecraft adds cost and capability limitations which limits people from accessing space. ‘But I do believe with true innovation, you’re able to find new technologies that I don’t believe exist today where spacecraft can eventually take care of themselves.’ Nasa has issued requirements governing the design and operation of spacecraft to curb the growth of the orbital debris. Russia, China, Japan, France, and the European Space Agency have all issued orbital debris mitigation guidelines. ‘I think that we have to make sure that space is clean, so we can achieve the ecosystems that we want to have in space,’ said Blue Origin’s Erika Wagner. ‘So we need a regulatory framework that supports that, the technology that allows us to achieve that and the economic drivers that really bring those together,’ she said, adding that Blue Origin would look forward to launching those technologies to space. With the possibility of space travel becoming more mainstream in the coming decade, solving the problem of space junk becomes more pressing than ever. MORE : The best pictures from inside the International Space Station in 2022 MORE : Nasa boss: China could ‘claim the moon as its territory’ and ban the USA from landing there