Stagecoach founder and philanthropist Dame Ann Gloag said she is ‘vigorously defending herself’ against human trafficking accusations. The 80-year-old millionaire – and three members of her family – have been charged in connection with an investigation into alleged human trafficking and immigration offences. Police Scotland confirmed four people have been charged and are currently preparing a report. No arrests have been made. Sources quoted by the Scottish Daily Mail said the charges are a result of ‘collusion’. Dame Ann has been quick to come out and deny any wrongdoing. A spokesperson for the 80-year-old said: ‘Whilst we cannot comment on the details of an ongoing investigation, Dame Ann Gloag strongly disputes the malicious allegations that have been made against her, her foundation and members of her family, and will vigorously defend herself and the work of her foundation to protect her legacy and continue her work helping thousands of people in the UK and abroad every year.’ Dame Ann co-founded the Stagecoach bus company in 1980, with her brother Brian Souter, and was made a dame for her business and charity work. Her charitable trust, The Gloag Foundation, works to support projects that ‘prevent or relieve poverty and encourage the advancement of education, health and religion in the UK and overseas’. Dame Ann has support in high places, including from former prime minister Gordon Brown’s wife Sarah. She tweeted: ‘Gordon and I have known Ann Gloag for many years through her huge personal commitment to Freedom from Fistula and supporting girls’ health & education. ‘She is a remarkable campaigner and quietly generous charity supporter. These charges just don’t add up.’ Another charity voiced its support for Dame Ann, with Monica Boseff, executive director of the Open Door Foundation, saying she has ‘compassion and high moral values’. The foundation, which works to provide ’emergency shelter for victims of any form of human trafficking’ described Dame Ann as a ‘long-time supporter and friend’ who provided donations. The charity said her support helped it to directly assist 260 Ukrainian women, children and elderly men in 2021, all of whom were said to have been at high risk of being trafficked. Ms Boseff added: ‘We will continue to stand by Dame Ann while she fights to clear her name. ‘As recent high-profile cases have demonstrated, the issue of human trafficking is a very real and dangerous threat to women, men, boys and girls across Europe. ‘To conflate Dame Ann’s decades of charitable work with these heinous crimes is not only harmful to her legacy, it is dangerous for so many victims who are truly in urgent need.’ Sources quoted by the Scottish Daily Mail said the charges are a result of ‘collusion’ by eight people who have come up with a ‘cock-and-bull story’. They said: ‘People who Dame Ann and her family tried to help turned on them and colluded in making complaints that were baseless – it is absolutely shocking.’ Dame Ann’s 72-year-old husband David McCleary, her stepdaughter and daughter-in-law Sarah Gloag, 47, and her son-in-law Paul McNeil have also reportedly been charged. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.