It may be a new year, but it is the same old story when it comes to industrial action in Britain. Strikes over pay, pensions, jobs and redundancy terms have affected the railways, the NHS and higher education among other public sectors. As a result, Rishi Sunak’s government has been accused of ‘refusing point blank’ to negotiate with unions over ending the mass walkouts. Ministers held a series of meetings with leaders yesterday, but so far all has failed. Metro.co.uk has kept readers up to date with the strikes as more are scheduled in the weeks ahead. So, who is striking today? Londoners are facing travel disruptions today as drivers for Abellio bus continue the industrial action. They have staged multiple walkouts in December over a pay dispute, and more are planned this month. The strikes will mostly affect the west and south London, where Abellio operates. Ahead of the action, TfL has urged people to check their commute and amend their usual journey if affected. Yesterday’s talks to reach a pay agreement for teachers in Scotland failed, which means two days of strikes this week are set to close almost every school. Staff in primary schools will walk out today followed by secondary school teachers tomorrow. Mary Bousted, joint general secretary of the National Education Union (NEU), had urged education secretary Gillian Keegan to clarify if there is ‘new money on the table’ to resolve the pay dispute with union members. She stressed that she has ‘never seen teachers so angry’ about ’12 years of neglect of state education’. For a second day in a row, driving examiners in London, the South East, South Wales and the South West are walking out. Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) workers who are part of the Public and Commercial Services (PCS) union have been striking since December. Car, motorcycle, lorry, bus and minibus tests are among those that may be affected. It comes after ‘one of the highest votes in favour of strike action’ at the DVLA. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.