Selena Gomez looked to be having a blast as she spent New Year’s Eve in Mexico with BFFs Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz. The Only Murders In The Building actress might have stolen our hearts as Mable alongside Martin Short and Steve Martin in the hit comedy, but there’s potentially an even more iconic trio in her life away from the camera. She soaked up the sun with married besties Brooklyn and Nicola for a break to see in 2023, and Selena joked the three of them are basically in a ‘throuple’ by this point. Sharing a series of picture of them together on Instagram, she quipped: ‘Fine calls us a throuple #foreverplusone (sic)’ Nicola certainly saw the funny side, as she commented: ‘Facts 💘💘💘🤣’ The trio are squad goals at this point, and one follower certainly agreed as they replied: ‘Could y’all imagine somehow meeting Selena and becoming her best friend. Like it’s literally my dream. I cannot imagine how much fun they have.’ In one photo, they can be seen cuddling up on a boat, while a black and white snap shows them laughing together as they share a hug on deck. Selena and Nicola also posed for an adorable selfie together, and another pair of pictures show them behind the scenes getting their hair done as Brooklyn waits behind the camera. In a separate post, the 30-year-old star shared more photos from the New Year’s gathering as they laughed on the beach with friends, played Jenga on the sand and more. Another picture showed Selena in a strapless white bikini as she climbed out of the water onto the steps at the back of the boat. She captioned the series: ‘New Years dump part 1’ In a different post, she wrote: ‘Happy New Years y’all! You have no idea how much I love you all and appreciate you!’ It’s not the first time she’s been seen celebrating with Brooklyn and Nicola, as she also joined the couple, who tied the knot over the summer after three years of dating, for Thanksgiving in November. The 23-year-old son of Victoria and David Beckham, and billionaire heiress Nicola, 27, were joined by some famous faces for the holidays and Brooklyn was naturally  spotted in the kitchen rustling up some food. However, he didn’t go down the traditional turkey route, instead announcing he was making fish and chips. Meanwhile, earlier that month Selena spent more time with her pals as the trio enjoyed a pajama party to celebrate the release of her documentary, which saw the former Disney star explore her mental health. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Selena Gomez gatecrashes Steve Martin and Martin Short’s Saturday Night Live monologue in the best way MORE : Brooklyn Beckham opens up on wedding day fears over bride Nicola Peltz: ‘What if she doesn’t walk down the aisle?’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 