Madonna fans have been left frustrated as tickets for her Celebration Tour shows in London are already on resale websites, with some going for thousands of pounds. The Queen of Pop announced a world tour this week to celebrate the 40th anniversary of her debut album and the incredible career she’s seen since. Naturally, the icon’s millions of fans across the world went crazy for the news, and getting tickets for the shows was always going to be a battle. The star had announced she would be coming to London’s O2 in October, and after seeing the buzz the announcement had created, announced a second date just a day later. Tickets for the massively anticipated shows went on sale on Friday morning at 10am, and as expected, tickets sold out like lightning, even as the Like A Prayer chart-topper added a third date in the O2. And in what has become a frustrating tradition in recent years, tickets immediately began popping up on resale sites. Madonna tickets weren’t exactly cheap to begin with, but on sites like StubHub fans are asked to fork out up to £5,000 for standing tickets. Other standing tickets are listed on the site for £4,500, £2,400 and between £1,000 – 2,000 each. Even seated and further away, Madonna fans could be expected to pay up to a grand – and the cheapest tickets available on the site begin at £241 each for seating right at the back. On Twitter, even as fans were still waiting in the queue in the hopes there would be tickets left, people began announcing they had tickets for sale, some saying they bought more than they needed by accident and others simply trying their luck. True fans of the pop legend were furious, taking to social media to vent their anger, with one person telling the O2 they ‘really need to regulate who you sell your tickets to.’ ‘Madonna is sold out straight away to honest punters, yet they’re being sold by the touts that bought them online for 5 times the price already!! This needs to be stopped,’ he wrote. ‘Buying concert tickets is a huge scam,’ one person despaired. ‘Already hundreds of Madonna tickets on reselling websites at huge markups whilst fans sit in the (queue) unable to buy anyway because of bots. We need ban people reselling at more (than) ticket value.’  Another had predicted the situation, writing as tickets went on sale, ‘It’ll be the usual madness where bots and touts and greedy fans looking to get extra tickets to make a profit get a lot of the tickets and not ordinary fans.’ UK fans also have the option of heading to Europe to see the star if they can afford it, with Madge stopping off in Belgium, Denmark, Sweden, Spain, Portugal, Paris, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands between October and December this year. Tickets for certain European shows are also cheaper than the London gigs, with fans left shocked at the prices for the UK concerts when presale went live this week. Presale hopefuls took to social media in a rage on Wednesday morning, with many sharing screenshots of prices starting at £93.60 For Level 4C tickets and soaring to £436.85 for a space in the floor seating area. According to The Liverpool Echo in the first few minutes of the 9am presale opening, prices were seen to start at £47.55 for standard seated tickets, and rose up to £1,306.75 for chosen VIP packages with hardly any options under £400 after not too long. Fans had been speculating Madonna was set to make a big 40th anniversary announcement as she wiped her Instagram page of all posts. It comes after reports the Like A Prayer hitmaker could be ‘going back to basics’ by highlighting her best-selling songs on tour as a way to introduce her back catalogue to a new generation of fans. ‘Madonna is trying something completely new – and really giving fans, young and old, what they want,’ a source told The Sun. ‘She wants to capitalise on tracks like Frozen and Material Girl popping off on TikTok, and introduce her back catalogue to an entirely new generation. Celebrating her record-breaking career, the 64-year-old invited her followers to ‘join the party’ as she announced the Madonna Celebration Tour with a social media post on Tuesday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna Celebration tour: How to get tickets and how much are they? MORE : Madonna adds new date to 40th anniversary tour after ‘overwhelming demand’ amid soaring ticket prices 