A young teacher who had a ‘loving heart’ died suddenly leaving her students heartbroken. Tributes have been paid to Rachel Morgan who passed away unexpectedly at the age of just 26. Rachel taught at Kells Infant School, Cumbria, and was described as being ‘passionate about children and enjoyed being with them’. Her cause of death has not yet been revealed. Headteacher Wendy Figes paid tribute to her ‘thoughtful and kind’ colleague. She said: ‘Rachel Morgan had worked as a teacher at Kells Infants School since January 2022. ‘Prior to this appointment she had worked in other local schools and touched a large number of young lives. ‘Whilst at Kells Infants school she oversaw the development and improvement of writing across the curriculum and also led Computing through school. ‘She had a particular interest in mental health and wellbeing and ran after-school clubs supporting this, including, mindfulness and yoga. ‘Rachel had a passion for health and fitness and was a keen member of her local gym but also joined colleagues on local jogs after school on a weekly basis. ‘This helped her meet her personal goal of achieving 10,000 steps as a minimum every day, a feat she maintained for 600 consecutive days. ‘Rachel was passionate about children and enjoyed being with them. She had a calm, quiet manner and made everyone feel at ease in her presence. ‘She was thoughtful and kind. Rachel’s love for the community she served really shone through and it will be this loving heart we will miss the most. ‘Losing Rachel has left a huge hole in our school community but our deepest sympathies are with her family and friends in their time of grief.’ Rachel’s sister Sarah Ulyatt paid tribute to the ‘kind and caring’ teacher. She posted in an online message board with tributes to her and said: ‘My incredible sister, life will never be the same without you. You have been such a constant presence, I can’t imagine continuing without you there. ‘I have too many memories to write about. You’ve been there for every big moment in my life, the highs and the lows. ‘You have always been so tremendously kind and caring, making such a difference to the lives of your family, friends, pupils and everyone around you. 26 years was not enough, you had so much more to give. ‘In the last few hours we had together I promised to live my life to make you proud and that’s what I’m going to do. ‘I will always miss you and I will always love you. ‘Forever your big sister, ‘Sarah xxx’ The school is set to close on Friday so staff can attend Rachel’s funeral. It will re-open on Monday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.