Rafa Nadal is the defending champion at the Australian Open but, for the first time in his career, he has lost his first two matches of the year. Obviously this is not ideal preparation but when you have won 22 grand slam titles and you have been on the road for 20 years being a legend, these defeats — one to Alex de Minaur of Australia and the other to British No.1 Cam Norrie — are not the end of the world. However, they have highlighted concerns around Nadal. Is he still able to serve properly after the abdominal injury he suffered at Wimbledon last year? And does he have a draw in Melbourne which will allow him to ease into the tournament? The stomach injury is still a serious problem. He must protect the muscle from further damage or a re-tear when he is placing the ball in the air to serve. This is not unusual for players and something they can work around. If a player’s ball toss is going straight into the sun they will adjust, but it is not ideal. To protect an injury is different. You begin half the rallies in a tennis match with your own serve, it is the foundation of your game, so Rafa is severely hampered. How many times do you see Nadal using the serve to open up the court for his big forehand? He has become possibly the greatest of all time behind the serve/first forehand combination. So, the stomach muscle is a big issue and so is 6ft 4in 20-year-old Jack Draper, from Surrey, the Spaniard’s first-round opponent. Jack is a seeded player’s worst nightmare. He is, in my view, the best player not seeded at the tournament and over the next few years he will be seeded in grand slams due to his ranking. This young man is all arms, legs and desire, his attitude is spot on for the top of sport, he makes no excuses although he is animated if things go wrong. He looks unafraid of winning or losing on court and is prepared to back himself against anybody, any time. You may remember Jack nicking a set off Novak Djokovic at last year’s Wimbledon on his first Centre Court outing, or beating Stefanos Tsitsipas at last year’s Canadian Open when the Greek was No.5 in the world, or then defeating Felix Auger-Aliassime at the US Open three weeks later – he was world No.8. Draper has flown up the rankings from 262 in the world this time last year to No.40 as I write this – by the time he faces Rafa in Melbourne he will be even higher after another top run in Adelaide where yesterday he reached his second ATP Tour semi-final after a straight-sets victory over Karen Khachanov. In James Trotman, Draper has a thoughtful, intelligent coach. This is a perfect match as they both break new ground. Now do I think he is going to beat Nadal? Well, how many times have you seen the Spaniard with his back to the wall yet end up winning? I’m not prepared to say Draper is favourite to win but if he were to do so it wouldn’t surprise me and regardless of what happens this is the box office first-round match-up in the men’s singles. Amazing to think Jack was in nappies when Rafa won the Davis Cup with Spain for the first time. Novak Djokovic, meanwhile, is back in Melbourne a year after getting kicked around like a political football and confined to a dingy hotel while awaiting a judge’s decision on his deportation from Australia. His vaccination status caused an almighty row and he was booted out of the country. A year later the nine-time Australian Open champion returns, bidding for a 22nd major title which would equal Nadal’s record. Djokovic has lost just one of his past 25 matches. I’ve run out of things to say about this bloke, he is leading a new player association, which is going to cause major waves, and he will not rest in pursuit of excellence on court. The young guns have chased him, the retired Roger Federer and Nadal for years. They have never caught up. For me, having watched the game for half a century, there’s no doubt in my mind Djokovic is the best player I have ever seen. I might go so far as say he’s in the top five greatest sportsmen ever. And, unequivocally, he has the thickest skin because no matter what anyone throws at him he comes back for more. Emma Raducanu is ranked 75th in the world but she’s a grand-slam champion. Who will ever forget her ten-match run through qualifying and then the main draw in New York 16 months ago? Commercially she is set for life having signed some mind-boggling contracts after winning her major but now it is all about her tennis. I can’t say her victory was an aberration because she deserved it and one should never diminish a triumph. But let’s say it was highly unusual and has set expectations very high. If she had made the quarter-finals at the US Open, or even the fourth round, it would have been startling. As it was she dismantled a series of opponents who were variously surprised, overwhelmed or frightened. If any other relative newcomer was solidly inside the top hundred and therefore into all the grand slams then we would all approve and think we have something special to watch in the years to come. Emma started her progression by winning a slam, it was ridiculous. So if we just recalibrate expectations we can see where she goes. I don’t have a word of criticism, it’s her life and she’s doing great, though I might venture the game is simpler than possibly it’s made out by her countless coaches and advisers. When all is said and done you’re just trying to hit the ball over the net one more time than your opponent. Congratulations to Naomi Osaka, the Australian Open women’s champion in 2019 and 2021, who is pregnant and has suggested she looks forward to returning to the tour with a fresh enthusiasm for the game at some future date. In Melbourne, while world No.1 Iga Swiatek is a narrow favourite, it will not be long before we will also be congratulating American 18-year-old Coco Gauff on becoming a grand-slam champion. She has just won in Auckland, taking all five matches in straight sets. Already a star, she has now arrived at the very top of the game. It would be no surprise if she wins a slam before she’s 20. ■ Andy Murray has the worst draw imaginable in former Wimbledon finalist Matteo Berrettini. Andy’s playing very well, ranked 49th in the world and moving superbly. If he can avoid allowing the Italian to get his massive forehand into play then maybe he can give himself a chance. It is the first time since 1988 Great Britain have had five men in the main draw, when your author was one of them. Where have the years gone? @AndrewCastle63 MORE : Tennis star Naomi Osaka announces pregnancy and not due to return to WTA Tour until 2024 MORE : Emma Raducanu slams ‘slippery’ tennis court as injury nightmare returns ahead of Australian Open For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 