Ian Wright has told Manchester United that Harry Kane would be a transformational signing and says Erik ten Hag should offer a member of his squad in a deal to sign the Tottenham striker. United are expected to sign a new centre forward at the end of the season, having released Cristiano Ronaldo in November and brought Wout Weghorst to Old Trafford earlier this month as a short-term solution. The Red Devils explored a deal for England captain Kane in the summer of 2021 and reports say they are ready to revive their interest under Ten Hag. It is claimed Manchester United have already begun working on a deal for Kane, with the 29-year-old said to be ‘open’ to the move amid Tottenham’s continued struggles under Antonio Conte. Wright has described United’s pursuit of Kane as a ‘no-brainer’ and says the Old Trafford hierarchy should offer Spurs £60m plus Anthony Martial to sign Ten Hag’s top target. Martial, who joined Manchester United in 2015, has endured another frustrating season, with injuries restricting him to just six Premier League starts. Speaking on the Wrighty’s House podcast, Wright said: ‘Arsenal played very well but one of the main differences between them and Manchester United on Sunday was Eddie Nketiah, a No. 9. ‘That’s what Manchester United didn’t have. They had Wout Weghorst up there but he wasn’t a threat if we’re being honest, he just wasn’t a threat. ‘When you look at United’s trajectory and where they are moving, get Harry Kane for three years. United will definitely do something because they’re not a million miles away right now. ‘I’m confused how the speculation has come out, it must be from his camp. But if United came in now, let’s say they put £60m on the table and throw in Anthony Martial… that’s a very good deal.  ‘I think Spurs fans will say “good luck Harry”. If Manchester United have got serious thoughts about what they need next, it’s a No. 9. ‘For me, it seems like a no-brainer to go for Harry Kane. He takes them somewhere else. It’s that kind of signing. ‘If it happened, that dressing room at Old Trafford starts buzzing because they know they’ve got an elite striker coming and he will win them games. He will win games for them.’ Manchester United secured a morale-boosting victory over local rivals Manchester City earlier this month but have since dropped points at Crystal Palace and suffered a 3-2 defeat to Arsenal. ‘Maybe in the next couple of hours we realise we are in a good position, realise we are in a good development, a good process, but at this moment I am annoyed,’ Ten Hag admitted. ‘I also told the players if you want to win trophies, titles, we have to change our mentality. Because it’s not possible you are in a top game, you’re making three such big mistakes where you concede goals.  ‘Especially the last goal, you have to feel the game on that point. A point was the maximum and then you have to take the point and you can’t give such a goal away like we did on top level. Then you can’t win trophies. ‘I think [the mentality changes] with coaching, I think we can change that, we have already seen how the mentality from the players has changed over the last couple of months but we also have to notice today we have a way to go to be on top level.’ Manchester United, who are fourth in the Premier League after last weekend’s results, face Nottingham Forest in the first leg of their EFL Cup semi-final on Wednesday night. MORE : Glazer family refuse to reduce £6bn Manchester United asking price MORE : I’ll do everything in my power to end Man Utd trophy drought - Erik ten Hag For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 