Prince Harry has said the reason he wrote his book is that he wanted the ‘truth to come from his lips’. The Prince speaking with former Royal reporter Tom Bradby ahead of his book release said he wanted to share both his and Meghan’s story since they left the UK six years ago. The Duke said he was fed up of his story being told through tabloid newspapers, with stories that were leaked through the Royal family, he has claimed. He said in the interview: ‘Well, there’s been a, which I, I suppose lots of people know now, there was a motto, a family motto of ‘never complain, never explain’. ‘And what people have realized now, through the Netflix doc, documentary and numerous stories coming out over the years, is that, that was just a motto. ‘There was a lot of complaining and there was a lot of explaining and it continues now. ‘I sit here now, speaking to you, answering the questions that you put to me, um, and the words and the truth will come from my lips rather than using other people, especially through the tabloid media. ‘Um, and we’re six years into it now, um, and I have spent every single year of those six, doing everything I can privately, to get through to my family. ‘And the thing that is the saddest about this, Tom, is it never needed to be this way. It never needed to get to this point. ‘I’ve had conversations, I’ve written letters, I’ve written emails, and everything is just, no, you, this is not what’s happening. ‘You, you are, you are imagining it. And that’s really, that’s really hard to take. And if it had stopped, by the point that I fled my home country with my wife and my son fearing for our lives, then maybe this would’ve turned out differently. It’s hard.’ His book, ‘Spare’ is set to be released tomorrow, despite copies of his memoirs already being released by accident in Spain. Leaked copies of the text have revealed a number of revelations including how Harry and his brother, Prince William fought in 2019 while they were staying at Nottingham Cottage. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.