More classified documents have been uncovered from President Joe Biden’s ‘personal library’ and garage at his home in Wilmington, Delaware. Speaking from the White House on Thursday, Biden said that his lawyers ‘discovered a small number of documents with classified markings in storage areas and file cabinets in my home and my, my personal library’. Biden disclosed the findings as special counsel to the president, Richard Sauber, stated that lawyers found ‘a small number of additional Obama-Biden Administration records with classified markings’. ‘All but one of these documents were found in storage space in the President’s Wilmington residence garage,’ stated Sauber. ‘One document consisting of one page was discovered among stored materials in an adjacent room. No documents were found in the Rehoboth Beach residence.’ The president’s lawyers searched both of his residences in Delaware and other places where files from his vice presidency could have been shipped during the 2017 transition, Sauber confirmed. Biden said the Justice Department was ‘immediately notified’ about the material and that he is ‘cooperating fully and completely’ with their investigation on how and why the records were not property stored. The classified documents have been turned over to the National Archives. Fox News’ White House correspondent Peter Doocy asked Biden ‘what were you thinking’ by keeping classified materials ‘next to your Corvette’ in his garage. ‘By the way, my Corvette’s in locked garage, okay? It’s not like it’s sitting out in the street,’ Biden said, before confirming that the documents were in the garage. Biden stated that ‘people know I take classified documents, classified materials seriously’. ‘I’m going to get a chance to speak on this soon, God willing,’ he said, as reporters yelled questions. ‘We’re going to see all this unfold.’ Biden broke his silence on the records three days after CBS News reported that roughly 10 classified documents were found at his office at the Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement in November. US Attorney General Merrick Garland has called on a US attorney in Chicago to review the classified material. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.