Thousands of Environment Agency workers in England will continue not attending incidents such as floods, water pollution, spills, waste fires and fly-tipping in the early hours of this morning. Staff in the Unison union began two days of industrial action on New Year’s Eve – meaning they will do only their contracted hours, take all scheduled breaks and rest in full between shifts, and will not accept any unpaid work at this busy time of year. Employees are also refusing to volunteer for ‘on call’ cover for several days – with the Environment Agency normally ‘dependent on the goodwill of workers to step forward to handle unexpected incidents’. The action will go through the night amid colder winter temperatures and rainfall, before ending at 9am on Monday. Today is otherwise a quiet day for strikes across Britain – but this will not last. Staff at the Environment Agency have been ‘driven to action as a last resort’ after being denied ‘a fair pay rise’ amid the cost of living crisis, Unison said. They were offered 2% – less than a fifth of the lowest measure of inflation – plus a £345 payment. Low staffing has also placed extra pressure on staff who deliver vital services to protect communities and the environment. An Environment Agency spokesman said plans were in place to minimise any disruption to essential work. ‘As a public sector organisation, the Environment Agency remains bound by the pay policy of the government of the day’, he added. Many mass walk-outs are set to go ahead across Britain in January – including rail workers, teachers and nurses. Commuters face fresh travel chaos on January 3 when RMT members at Network Rail will walk out once again. Rural Payments Agency (RPA) staff will also resume their strikes. Meanwhile, PCS members at National Highways, working for the traffic officer service, will take action. Yesterday, national Highways workers continued their stage two-day action in all areas of the country. The DVSA strike also continued in the West Midlands, the Eastern region and the East Midlands. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.