In the space of just a day two The Only Way is Essex stars, Yazmin Oukhellou and Pete Wicks, have reportedly quit. The two have each appeared on the reality series for several years, with Pete since 2015 and Yazmin since 2017. On Wednesday it was reported that Yazmin, 28, decided to walk away after the death of her boyfriend Jake McLean last year, in which she was a passenger in the traumatic car crash that ended his life. It’s believed she wanted to step back to process ‘everything what’s happened’. ‘Yaz has decided to step away from the next series of Towie and focus on recovering from the trauma of what she has been through over the last year,’ a source told The Sun. ‘She needed a break after everything to process what’s happened, so she has decided to leave the show and will not be in the next series.’ They added that ‘the door is always open’ for her to return and that production bosses ‘totally respect’ her wishes. In July last year, McLean and Yazmin were on holiday in Bodrum, Turkey, where their Mercedes went over a 30ft cliff. Despite the best efforts of emergency services, McLean-who also previously dated Lauren Goodger—could not be saved. Yazmin suffered serious injuries and had to break her own arm in order to escape the vehicle. Meanwhile, it has also been reported that Pete is leaving the series to pursue new projects. According to the Daily Mail, his ‘departure’ will be a ‘huge blow’ to the series and bosses with him set to announce the news to fans. A source told the publication: ‘Pete is a hugely loved member of TOWIE both among viewers and the cast.’ ‘But it’s time for him to move on now, he’s slightly older than the rest of the cast, and he’s hoping to achieve more in his career after being on the show for such a long time.’ Their departures come after it was reported that Lauren might be re-joining Towie after leaving in 2012. A representative for her told Metro.co.uk: ‘2023 will see Lauren returning to our screens, Lauren has a lot of exciting offers on the table to consider.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV and representatives for Yazmin and Pete for comment. The Only Way is Essex is streaming on ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Former Towie star Demi Sims adds to extensive collection of inkings with divisive face tattoo MORE : Towie star Jordan Brook treats fans to New Year’s thirst trap with shirtless body transformation snaps 