A car has been found in the California mountains during the search for missing actor Julian Sands. The Bafta-winning actor was reported missing on Friday at around 7.30pm local time after he went for a hike in California’s San Gabriel Mountains. It’s believed that severe weather on the mountain has proved challenging and air resources are limited, though there are believed to be drones and helicopters involved in the search. Now rescuers are reported to have discovered a car during the search, six days after he was initially reported missing. The Daily Mail reports rescuers have recovered a snow-covered car thought to belong to Sands, which was towed away on Wednesday night. It comes after a ground search of the mountains was called off on Saturday due to a storm. Friends and colleagues of the British actor, known for his roles in the likes of A Room With A View, have expressed concern for his safety amid the ‘awful news’ of his disappearance. All Creatures Great and Small actor Samuel West wrote on Twitter: ‘Please, please let Julian Sands be okay. A friend and an inspiration. Awful news.’ Film producer Cassian Elwes shared that she learned the news on Friday that ‘my friend Julian Sands has been missing on mt baldy. I’m devastated (sic).’ She added: ‘A very close family friend who was an adventurer in everything he did. I’ve said many prayers.’ Actors Rufus Sewell, Barbara Crampton, Frances Fisher and Elizabeth Perkins responded to Elwes’ post with their best wishes, with Man In The High Castle actor Sewell writing: ‘God, I really hope he’s OK.’ Sands famously starred in A Room With A View alongside Helena Bonham Carter, Dame Judi Dench, Daniel Day-Lewis and Maggie Smith. The romantic drama followed Lucy Honeychurch (Bonham-Carter) as she shared a brief romance with George Emerson (Sands) in Florence. However, as she tried to move on with her life and look for marriage elsewhere, she struggled to forget the events of the summer. Sands has also appeared in several other films and TV shows, including Warlock, Leaving Las Vegas, 24, and Smallville. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Sands for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is Julian Sands? Career and movies from A Room With A View to Arachnophobia MORE : A Room With A View actor Julian Sands, 65, reported missing after hike in California mountains 