Japanese knotweed has been in the headlines this week, after a homeowner successfully sued the man who sold him a house with the invasive plant in the garden. The court heard the knotweed had grown to at least two metres at one point near the home in Raynes Park, London. So what makes this species so insidious that someone would go to court over it? And how did the non-native find its way into the UK in the first place, if nobody wants it here? Japanese knotweed – or Fallopia japonica, to give it its Latin name – is a perennial weed, meaning one that lives for several years. As the name suggests, it is native to Japan, specifically the sides of volcanoes near Nagasaki. Part of the reason it has spread so successfully across the UK is its ability to survive in most soil conditions: it can grow on roadsides, railway embankments, waste ground and spoil tips near mines or quarries. It spreads using its rhizome – the underground bit of the plant that sends out roots. Amazingly, an entire Japanese knotweed plant growing more than seven feet tall can originate from a piece of rhizome as small as 1cm. According to Environet, the only parts of the UK that don’t have much of a problem are Northern Ireland and the north of Scotland. Among the worst-affected areas are London, the Midlands, Lancashire and Wales. The plant’s arrival in the UK is all thanks to German physician and botanist Philipp Franz von Siebold. Siebold, who is credited with introducing vaccination to Japan, sent a package of Japanese specimens he had collected on his travels to Kew Gardens in London on August 9, 1850. Among them was the first example of Japanese knotweed in the UK. Within a few decades, it had grown wildly popular among Victorian horticulturalists as an ornamental plant that could quickly fill up space in a garden. Unfortunately, once it had filled up spaces in those gardens, it didn’t stop. Among the most notorious cases of Japanese knotweed in the UK was on the site of the 2012 Olympic Park. An operation to remove the plant before construction started took four years and cost £70 million. Shoots usually appear as small pink buds in the spring, then grow rapidly into dense, tall thickets of bamboo-like canes with large shield-shaped leaves in the summer. The canes and stems have characteristic purple flecks, and while the stems tend to die back in the winter, the dry canes stay for several months or longer. White flower tassels appear in the late summer and early autumn, reaching up to 15cm. Since 2013, house sellers must state whether Japanese knotweed is present on their property, as it can cause extensive damage to walls and underground drainage systems. The simple answer is, call in the professionals. You certainly shouldn’t strim or mow it – doing so just scatters parts of the plant over a wider area, and again, just a tiny piece can grow into a full thicket. Using a typical glysophate weed killer, it usually at least three years to treat Japanese knotweed. You can look into digging the plant out, but keep in mind the roots can penetrate very deep: at the Olympic Park, contractors had to dig five metres to completely remove them. Full advice about how to tackle Japanese knotweed and the law surrounding the plant is available from the UK Government here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.