A retired inventor has a collection of more than 10,000 conkers – despite only starting to amass them 18 months ago. Pensioner Brian Mountford is ‘bonker for conkers’ as he loves how nostalgic they make him feel. The 76-year-old said: ‘Conkers take me right back to when I was a child and we used to play by swinging them on the end of bits of string.’ Brian started his hobby in the autumn of 2021, when he would go out near his home and scoop them into a plastic tub – sometimes for hours at a time. He now believes to have the largest conker collection in the UK. As well as conkers, Brian also collects seeds for acorns, sycamores and buddleias – and has big plans for them. The 76-year-old said: ‘My plan is to send tons of seeds over to Ukraine to show them we stand by them. ‘A tree is a sign of life – they can be planted in bombed-out cities. ‘I’d also like to educate children about trees, how important they are for our environment and how easily they can be grown. ‘I just don’t have the finances to be able to take my projects further to the next stages. ‘I don’t know what to do with them all now.’ Brian spreads all his collected seeds out on sheeting over his garden every sunny day to dry them, and has even purchased an extra fridge to keep them cool – as they need to chill for a month before they can germinate. He also stores them in his garage and loft – which he shares with his 75-year-old wife Pauline. Brian then plants seeds in any container – such as a Coleman’s mustard tin, milk bottles, and yoghurt pots. He’s even got some growing in a kitchen sink. The pensioner added: ‘I like to have a try at anything. My health isn’t great but I like to keep busy and I’m very active in my mind. ‘I’m just a normal old-age pensioner.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Willy Wonka superfan reveals his gigantic collection that’s worth £125,000 MORE : Man with world’s largest collection of video games owns 24,268 – worth £1,700,000 MORE : Woman spends over 20 years amassing huge 450-pair collection of Crocs