Maya Jama has supposedly been sent a legal letter that is forcing her to return her £800,000 engagement ring from ex-fiancé Ben Simmons. The Love Island presenter, 28, was asked to marry the basketball star, 26, last year however the pair went their separate ways over the summer to focus on their individual careers. Ben popped the question during the Christmas period in 2021 following a whirlwind seven-month relationship at his £3.7million mansion in New Jersey. Despite splitting months ago, the athlete has reportedly asked for the expensive bling back in a letter to the host. Maya was allegedly shocked to receive the request as it came with no prior warning that her former lover may have wanted to claim back the jewellery. ‘Given Ben has never, until now, asked for the ring back, you can appreciate the letter came somewhat as a surprise to Maya,’ a source told The Sun. They continued: ‘Ben was really shocked when she left and didn’t give him the ring back. ‘He was madly in love with her and thought it was forever so was really p***ed she didn’t give it back. It cost around $1million and they were engaged less than a year.’ It was then reported that the letter arrived for the broadcaster on Friday afternoon by MailOnline. Their source shared: ‘Maya received a request from Ben’s representatives on Friday afternoon, asking her to return the engagement ring that he gave her as a gift last year. ‘This was the first time that she has been asked by Ben to return it and, for the avoidance of any doubt, she has never refused to return it. ‘Maya is making arrangements to return the ring to Ben and wishes him all the best.’ The basket-baller – who plays for the Brooklyn Nets – enjoyed a long-distance romance with the UK native as she travelled back and forth to America to spend time with her beau. Following her split from rapper Stormzy, Maya was first romantically linked to Ben in June 2021 after the pair were spotted together on a night out at Mayfair’s Sexy Fish restaurant in London. Metro.co.uk contacted Maya and Ben’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island host Maya Jama has already been given more screen-time than predecessor Laura Whitmore MORE : There’s only one reason people are talking about Love Island so far – and her name is Maya Jama 