January can be a bleak month after the expense of Christmas and New Year – all while inflation and cost of living is at a high. There’s only so much that can be negated, but there are ways to make the month feel less financially strapped than it is. Consumer expert, Evelina Galli, shares her practical tips to make the month easier to get through. These are the small costs that add up. Evelina, expert at Pricerunner UK says: ‘Not buying that morning coffee/pastry/magazine you routinely purchase, yet don’t need, could save you a lot of money.’ Recent research shows that people who get their daily fix from Starbucks spend more than £660 on coffee a year. Take a flask or buy a multipack of pastries to take into work over a few days. Some stuff in the sales now might seem a season or two too early – but they can be good to buy ahead. Evelina says: ‘You can usually save a good chunk of money and still get a great quality product. ‘Right now you can find plenty of deals on everything from tech products and toys to clothes and beauty. Looking for something specific? Then set a price alert on price comparison site such as Pricerunner and get notified as soon as the product drops in price.’ Evelina says: ‘We know that air fryers have been a hugely popular purchase in the past year due to the cost of living crisis and rising energy prices, so much so they’ve been difficult for consumers to track down. ‘Log burners are also being bought up as a way of keeping gas and electric heating costs down this winter, and dehumidifiers which help to take moisture out of the air, especially if people are choosing to dry laundry on an airer rather than using a tumble drier.’ You can use a slow cooker to batch cook too, and use it as a way to ensure no food is wasted in the fridge as anything can go in to make a stew or soup. If you’re based in a city, there will likely be a range of free events and venues to check out over the month – such as museums and galleries. Make it a day out without spending a penny, especially if you pack your own food. By changing the way you do your food shop you can save extra money. Evelina says: ‘As a rule, it is better to buy loose products as opposed to pre-packaged food, but always make sure to compare the cost per weight for a more accurate understanding of the price of a product. ‘Don’t buy shredded cheese, salad or anything pre-chopped, instead do the work yourself. ‘Do your research and buy food that is in season, this is not only cheaper, but also more environmentally friendly. ‘Opt for frozen veggies, fruit and protein over fresh. Most veggies and fruit are flash frozen upon harvest so do actually maintain their nutrition.’ Avoid wasting food – and having to buy more. Evelina says: ‘Investing in a set of vacuum containers is great to make your vegetables and other fresh product last up to five times longer than it would in its original packaging – it also helps preserve flavour and nutrition. ‘With that in mind, replace cling film with washable ziplock bags, or better yet, beewax food wraps they are eco friendly and long lasting. You can also swap out your baking sheets for reusable silicone mats.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This is how to make the most of your money in 2023