It’s back to normality for Beyonce following her spectacular show in Dubai, which saw her return to the stage for the first time in over four years. Queen Bey was reportedly paid an eye-watering $24million (£19.4m) for the exclusive 90-minute concert at the grand reveal of Atlantis The Royal, with a crowd full of A-listers. But all good things must come to an end, and the Halo hitmaker has now returned to Los Angeles, California with her adorable family in tow. Never not travelling in style, the singer, 41, and husband Jay Z, 53, were spotted arriving at Van Nuys Airport in LA on their new Bombardier Global 7500. Keeping it comfy, the Grammy-winning star flew in a black tracksuit and pulled the hood over her blonde tresses upon leaving the aircraft. Similarly, rapper Jay Z – real name Shawn Corey Carter – donned a tracksuit and blue tie-dye bucket hat. Meanwhile, twins, daughter Rumi and son Sir, both five, looked adorable in pastel sweatshirts, having also been in Dubai to cheer on their mother from the audience. However, it was eldest daughter Blue Ivy, 11, who had the honour of joining Bey on stage for the show for a very special duet. The pair duetted on Brown Skin Girl from 2019 album The Lion King: The Gift, wowing fans with their first live duet of the number in a gorgeous moment Blue will certainly never forget. Wowing a 1,500-strong crowd, the American superstar performed all the fan favourites such as Crazy In Love, Naughty Girl, Halo and XO – culminating with a rendition of Drunk In Love as fireworks lit up the night sky. There’s no denying that Beyoncé put on an incredible performance, with three outfits, killer choreography, and vocals bound to give anyone goosebumps. Giving the people what they want, the star even surprised fans by singing tunes either previously unheard live, or rarely performed, such as Beautiful Liar, which Beyoncé originally released with Shakira and had not sang for fans in 15 years. But, despite Beyoncé giving it her all, the show wasn’t without criticism. Homosexuality is illegal in Dubai, leaving fans divided given that Beyoncé has been a longtime advocate for LGBTQ+ rights and has a devout queer fanbase. Many people online also called out ‘double standards’ following the celebration around Beyoncé’s gig but the anger directed towards David Beckham amid his ambassadorship for Qatar during the World Cup, where being gay is also illegal. Defending his daughter, Matthew Knowles insisted the star ‘wouldn’t intentionally hurt someone’. Speaking to TMZ, the former Destiny’s Child manager, 71, said the concert united a diverse audience and that she gave and received respect from the UAE. He said people who weren’t at the show might not understand, but she ‘gave respect and got respect back from the country’. Mathew also confirmed that the music icon will be announcing a Renaissance tour, but in her own time. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles mortified after splitting trousers on stage inches away from fans’ faces – and in front of childhood crush Jennifer Aniston MORE : Anne Hathaway jumps on the baker boy hat revival with another Y2K classic: The pageboy cap  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 