Cate Blanchett branded televised Hollywood award shows as a ‘patriarchal pyramid’ during Sunday’s Critics Choice Awards. The Nightmare Alley actress, 53, scooped the best actress award for her performance as composer Lydia Tár in the psychological drama Tar. Cate was one of six nominees for the prestigious category alongside Viola Davis, Danielle Deadwyler, Margot Robbie, Michelle Williams and Michelle Yeoh. During her acceptance speech, the movie star expressed her opinions over the nature of award ceremonies. ‘This best actress, I mean it is extremely arbitrary considering how many extraordinary performances there have been by women not only in this room,’ she said. ‘I would love it if we would just change this whole f*****g structure. It’s like what is this patriarchal pyramid where someone stands up here? Why don’t we just say there was a whole raft of female performances that are in concert and in dialogue with one another?’ She continued: ‘And stop the televised horse race of it all. Because, can I tell you, every single woman with a television, film, advertising, tampon commercials — whatever — you’re all out there doing amazing work that is inspiring me continually. So thank you. I share this with you all.’ Cate’s speech sparked mixed reviews from viewers, with one tweeting: ‘cate blanchett called for the complete dissolution of the hollywood awards season horserace in her @CriticsChoice speech and it was magnificent.’ While another branded her opinion as ‘tone deaf.’ Elsewhere, it was an emotional night for Brendan Fraser who took home the best actor gong for his critically acclaimed performance in The Whale. The Mummy Returns star, 54, ended his speech by encouraging anyone who struggles with obesity or who ‘just feels like you’re in a dark sea,’ that if they can find the strength to ‘get to your feet and go to the light … good things will happen.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chelsea Handler takes brutal swipe at Prince Harry’s ‘frostbitten penis’ and James Corden’s restaurant drama at Critics’ Choice 2023 MORE : Julia Roberts, Jennifer Coolidge and Brendan Fraser lead stars dazzling on Critics’ Choice Awards 2023 red carpet  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 