Chloe Madeley was left ‘extremely worried’ after her baby daughter required hospital attention – with the new mum fearful she could have sepsis. The personal trainer, 35, welcomed Bodhi with rugby player husband James Haskell, 37, back in August. Chloe has kept fans updated with her daughter’s adventures, from her first Halloween to the ups and downs of moving back in with parents Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan. But the TV star got a real fright recently when her little one’s temperature changed drastically, leaving her ‘very poorly.’ Chloe shared an adorable video which shows her and Bodhi playing and giggling together, as Bodhi tries grabbing her mum’s face while being smothered in kisses. She began in the caption: ‘My little love has been very poorly this week. 2 trips to hospital and a lot of tears. Her temperature went from 39.8° on Saturday morning to 34° on Sunday night, so I was extremely worried about meningitis and sepsis.’ Thankfully, blood tests have shown that Bodhi just has type A flu, a viral infection which still requires treatment to avoid serious complications. ‘I say just, wow has she been unwell,’ Chloe continued, before asking her followers: ‘Has anyone else had their little one’s temp drop that low with flu virus? Im still a bit confused as to how / why that happened.’ The star went on to say she’s ‘amazed’ at how much her daughter’s sickness has impacted her own sleep and work schedule, taken aback by ‘how hard the last five days have been.’ ‘I just want to say to any and all mothers out there who have to make these kinds of trips and deal with these kinds of things on a regular basis, that I am in AWE of you,’ she praised. ‘That you are real life superheroes. That you amaze me. And also to the doctors and nurses pulling the graveyard shifts in paediatric A&E, thank you, you are the best of us ❤️’ Chloe was met with a wealth of get well wishes for her baby girl, with other parents able to relate to her experiences. ‘Oh love, it is the worst when your baby is poorly and you just want to take it on yourself. Hope you’re getting some rest and don’t out too much pressure on yourself x’, one follower wrote sweetly. ‘Wishing her a very speedy recovery and yes had very very sick kiddies to care for & it’s tough very tough. Just take deep breaths, know you’re doing it all right and you’ll come through it . Getting medical help is the best option always’, assured another. Chloe has surely had plenty of support from her famous parents amid the stressful ordeal, since she lives with Richard and Judy while her own home is being renovated. TV presenter Richard joked at the end of last year that their London home had been ‘baby central’ since Chloe rejoined them, but he wouldn’t have it any other way. ‘So they’ve been living with us for three months, and I love it! You just go in and it’s like, “baby, baby, baby” everywhere,’ he said on Good Morning Britain. ‘I enjoy it, let’s put it that way. She’s a beautiful baby. Little Bobo.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Grennan devastated after young fan dies the night before her 9th birthday: ‘My little superstar’ MORE : Katie Price gets new tattoo after nearly eight hours under the needle 