An NHS trust has been fined £800,000 after admitting failures in the care of a mother and her baby, who died 23 minutes after being born. Wynter Sophia Andrews died in the arms of her parents, Sarah and Gary Andrews, on September 15, 2019, less than half an hour after being born by emergency caesarean section at the Queen’s Medical Centre in Nottingham. At a hearing at Nottingham Magistrates’ Court on Wednesday, the Nottingham University Hospitals (NUH) NHS Trust, which runs the hospitals, pleaded guilty to two counts of being a registered person which failed to provide care and treatment in a safe way, resulting in harm or loss. The fine is the biggest ever imposed on an NHS trust over maternity care. Wynter died due to a lack of oxygen to the brain, the court heard. Ryan Donoghue, prosecuting, earlier outlined multiple ‘serious’ and ‘sustained’ failings in the care of Mrs Andrews, exacerbated by staff shortages which led to the midwife caring for her also having to care for a patient on another ward. She was admitted to hospital on September 14, her planned due date, after an ‘uncomplicated’ pregnancy. An induced labour planned for September 7 was cancelled following a request by Mrs Andrews, but an investigation later found this was signed off by a midwife without consulting an obstetrician, and limited reasoning was given for the decision in medical notes. Once Mrs Andrews was in labour, Wynter’s heartbeat was described as ‘suspicious’ by doctors, with a decision made at 1.33pm on September 15 to deliver her via caesarean section. Following complications during the surgery, she was delivered at 2.05pm in a ‘poor’ condition and later died. Mr Donoghue told the court the trust ‘failed to ensure that staff were appropriately aware and trained’ in policies concerning the care of expectant mothers and delivering babies, including physical checks, when to consult more senior colleagues and the prescription of drugs. Passing sentence, which could have been a maximum of an unlimited fine, on Friday, District Judge Grace Leong said there were ‘systematic failures’ in their care. She said: ‘The catalogue of failings and errors exposed Mrs Andrews and her baby to a significant risk of harm which was avoidable, and such errors ultimately resulted in the death of Wynter and post-traumatic stress for Mrs Andrews and Mr Andrews. ‘My assessment is that the level of culpability is high, where offences on Wynter and Mrs Andrews are concerned. ‘There were systems in place, but there were so many procedures and practices where guidance was not followed or adhered to or implemented.’ The judge said that the full fine after a trial, combining the totals for offences against both Wynter and Mrs Andrews, would have been £1.2 million, but this was reduced to £800,000 due to the trust’s early guilty pleas. It will also pay prosecution costs of £13,668.65 and a victim surcharge of £181, with Bernard Thorogood, mitigating on its behalf, asking for two years to pay the sum. Outside the court on Wednesday, Mrs Andrews said in a statement that her daughter and family had been ‘failed in the most cruel way’ and urged other mothers who may have been through similar experiences to take part in the Ockenden Review, a wide-ranging investigation into multiple failures in maternity care across the NUH trust. The trust accepted wrongdoing to the CQC several months prior to Wednesday’s court hearing, with chief executive Anthony May reiterating its apology. In a statement, he said: ‘We are truly sorry for the pain and grief that we caused Mr and Mrs Andrews due to failings in the maternity care we provided. ‘We let them down at what should have been a joyous time in their lives.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.