So, here we are in the second week of 2023. We have just had a highly intuitive and creative Full Moon to stir our imagination and emotions, and this week Mars turns direct (after a lengthy retrograde) which gets all the juices flowing again. It’s a good week for resolutions, big commitments, gut feeling changes, and bold decisions. Be brave. Set the right tone for the year ahead. Let the tarot guide you, this week, towards bold moves in the coming days. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Six of Swords Meaning: Leave. You know you want to, you’ve longed to, you’ve daydreamed about this departure for a very long time (at least six months) and now (February latest) is the right time to make this leap. It’s not sad. You are ready for this change. Unlocking this departure will help you welcome in new energy and opportunity, it will get things moving again. Seek to make it happen. Say goodbye and move on. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: The High Priestess Meaning: You wish to connect with your spiritual, mystical, magical and esoteric side. You are a practical person, by nature, but you do have a bottomless pit of creativity, a great eye for aesthetics, and a wise, shrewd character. Draw out these qualities because, alongside your practicality, they can take you to new heights. The High Priestess invites you to try tarot, scrying, meditation, mindful walking, arts, writing, music and dance. Express yourself in a creative way. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Death Meaning: Transformation. Personal rebirth. A phoenix from the flames. A new era. The Death card has powerful vibes and always brings major, positive and lasting change with it. Perhaps you wish to change your appearance, health, home, career, financial situation, relationship landscape, social life or creative outlets. Consider where you feel stagnated, bored or frustrated. Look to make a major move this week that activates a change cycle. Let things go, allow new things to enter your schedule. All new, all different, all change. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Four of Swords Meaning: Book some downtime, some vacation, some space in your schedule for deep rest and retreat. The Four of Swords asks you to gift yourself with permission to keep taking breaks as you work your way through this year. Split the year into manageable chunks, with a nice break/treat/outing/holiday marking each milestone. This will bring you renewed energy to tackle each chunk with real gusto, and break your goals down to feasible sizes and stages. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Three of Cups Meaning: You feel like having fun this week, and so you should, Leo. Life is hard, we all work hard, we need fun and laughter and social adventures to remind us why we work so hard in the first place. Spend a little money, treat yourself well, gravitate to people who are warm and funny, try something new or inspiring, go chase a thrill. Live life well this week, even if it’s miserable old January, and remind yourself that life is what you make it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: The Fool Meaning: The most important new beginning of 2023 for you starts this very week. The Fool is the tarot’s first card and its patron saint of new beginnings, clean slates, and fresh starts. This is an adventure, a quest, an optimistic shift towards a goal or lifestyle you yearn to pursue. Do it for you, and you alone. No compromises. This is about putting yourself and your desires first and chasing them unashamedly. Ignore the opinion of others. You do you, Virgo! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: The Chariot Meaning: Think about travel, transport, home moves and location changes this week. What ambitions or changes would you like to get underway in this arena in 2023? Think about your place in this world and how you move around it. Do you yearn for something different? Would you like to broaden your horizons? Do you have a bucket list of places you’d love to see? Get into this, this week, and make some inspiring plans for the year ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Four of Wands Meaning: So you want to rise up, get ahead, earn more, be promoted, be the boss, go solo? Whatever your bold career ambitions are for 2023… make them bigger and brighter. Use this week to visualise and mood board your ideals and goals. Do your homework. Look at options. Ask for input and feedback. Nudge your network. Are you prepared to travel or move? Might be a good idea, consider it closely. The Four of Wands shows you’re on a roll and it’s time to push even further. You are going places. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Two of Cups Meaning: You are fixated on making your love life the kind of realm you have always dreamed of, and this is all in your hands this week. If you’re attached, treat them well, be the change you wish to see, lead by example, be attentive, kind and passionate. If you’re single, then get out and about. Look online. Date. Water signs are very well starred right now – Pisces, Cancer, Scorpio. Making positive moves and changes this week will pay back handsomely. You deserve to be loved. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Ten of Cups Meaning: It’s all about your closest family, friends and loved ones this week, and it’s all about coming together to celebrate being together and to make exciting plans for the year ahead. You like flying solo, you enjoy doing your own thing, but you also value the company and pleasure of being with those you cherish. It doesn’t happen by accident. Good times take planning. Put your thinking cap on this week, with the loving Ten of Cups, and make great plans for 2023. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Knight of Swords Meaning: You need to bite the bullet and get it all off your chest this week. Specifically – say what it is you want, if not need, to happen. Maybe it’s actually about action/s you are going to take and you don’t want them to be a big surprise to those who matter. State your case. Explain your decision. But be resolute. This is not something you wish to be talked out of. You’re not asking for permission. Be assertive and forthright. Listen with compassion. Try to allay concerns. Accept some people might not be happy – that’s okay, they’ll come around when they see you succeeding. Activate your personal mission this week Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Four of Coins Meaning: Use this fresh energy to stir up your routines, rituals and schedule. The Four of Coins hints you’ve gotten into a bit of a rut, or a restrictive routine, which actually makes life feel same-y and dull (even if it is efficient). Sometimes you need spontaneity, adventure, difference, surprises. Sometimes you need to shake it up a bit and just see what happens, and this is definitely one of those weeks! Go make your everyday life feel like an adventure. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2022 MORE : What’s in store for the year ahead? Your star sign’s 2023 tarot horoscope for love, work, money and more MORE : The Full Moon In Cancer brings work/life balance to the forefront – your star sign’s forecast