Prince Harry has described his late ex-girlfriend Caroline Flack as ‘funny’, ‘sweet’ and ‘cool’ as he reflected on their relationship. The Duke of Sussex has opened up for the first time about his romance with the late TV presenter, which was formed after they met at a restaurant in 2009 with mutual friends. He wrote in his new memoir Spare: ‘She wasn’t taken aback that I didn’t recognise her. She didn’t have a big ego.’ But Harry insists their short-lived romance was doomed once he and the former Love Island presenter – who took her own life in February 2020 aged 40 – were pictured together. He added: ‘Very soon after they papped me and Flack, those photos set off a frenzy. Within hours a mob was camped outside Flack’s parents’ house, and all her friends’ houses, and her grandparents’ house. ‘She was described in one paper as my “bit of rough”, because she once worked in a factory or something. Jesus, I thought, are we really such a country of insufferable snobs? ‘We kept on, I think, because we genuinely enjoyed each other’s company, and because we didn’t want to admit defeat at the hands of these a****. ‘But the relationship was tainted, irredeemably, and in time we realised it just wasn’t worth the grief and harassment. Especially for her family. Goodbye, we said. Goodbye and good luck.’ Harry recalled Caroline was ‘so light and funny’ when they first met, after he heard the tragic news about her death, and says she was the ‘definition of carefree’. He said: ‘I felt so awful for her family. I remembered how they’d all suffered for her mortal sin of going out with me. She’d been so light and funny that night we met. The definition of carefree.’ Caroline confirmed the romance in her own memoir, Storm in a C Cup, which dropped in 2014. She wrote at the time: ‘I was no longer Caroline Flack, TV presenter, I was Caroline Flack, Prince Harry’s bit of rough. Once the story got out, that was it. We had to stop seeing each other.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : How Tom Bradby became Harry and Meghan’s go-to guy MORE : Harry says Diana would be ‘sad’ about his relationship with brother William now 