A dog ‘seized by police’ after a woman was mauled to death appeared on a BBC TV show as a puppy, according to reports. The victim, 28, died in an attack while walking a pack of dogs in the remote beauty spot of Gravelly Hill in Caterham, Surrey on Thursday. An 11-stone Leonberger named Shiva is said to be amongst eight dogs taken into police care following the horrifying incident, which left another woman injured. It remains unclear whether Shiva was one of the dogs that attacked – with eyewitnesses claiming at least four of the eight targeted the victim. A post-mortem that could shed light on the facts is due to take place. Five years ago, Shiva was on BBC 2’s 10 Puppies and Us, a show about puppies settling into their new homes and being house-trained. A clip shows her owner Delia Lewis facing stress as her new pet poops on the floor and chews the carpet. Originally called Maple, the puppy was apparently later renamed to Shiva – also the name of a Hindu God known as ‘The Destroyer’. Delia, a psychic who says she has worked with Disney and Estee Lauder, told the 2017 show: ‘I thought Maple is far too sweet a name for this dog. ‘I mean, don’t get me wrong, she is sweet, but, like, she’s not that sweet.’ In 2020, Shiva was described by a vet as a ‘giant girl with the sweetest nature ever’, the Daily Mail reports. Ms Lewis is reported to have posted on social media after the incident in Caterham that her dog was ‘one of the ones missing’. She added: ‘She’s a Leonberger, please if you have any information please tell me where to go or what to do.’ An investigation has been launched into the tragedy, which happened around 2.45pm on Thursday. A woman, 60, who saw the attack while riding a horse, said the blonde victim saw her coming and shouted: ‘turn back, turn back!’ ‘When we saw her she was about 50ft away’, she said. ’She was swamped by at least four medium-sized dogs, maybe more, attacking her, pulling her at arms and sides and she was screaming and shouting.’ The eyewitness claimed that the violent incident was made even more chilling as none of the dogs were barking. The second woman injured in the dog attack has been discharged from hospital after receiving treatment for bites. It’s believed police are looking into whether the victim was registered as a dog walker. One source ‘close to the case’ has alleged she ‘just had too many dogs’. ‘You cannot be in control with that amount of dogs. If something happens, it’s like having seven small wolves attacking you’, they said. It’s believed the dogs involved included two dachshunds, a cockapoo, a collie and the Leonberger – none of which are classed as dangerous. Surrey Police said on Friday that eight dogs have been seized and their owners have all been contacted. There was an increased police presence at Gravelly Hill this weekend ‘to provide reassurance for any local residents and visitors’. Detective Inspector Josephine Horner, Senior Investigating Officer, said: ‘This is a tragic incident where a young woman has sadly lost her life. Our thoughts remain with her family and friends and the family have asked that their privacy is respected at this difficult time. ‘Specialist teams have been carrying out forensic work at the scene but this has now been completed and the area has re-opened to the public. ‘I know this incident has caused real concerns locally and officers from the local neighbourhood team will be out in the area to provide reassurance for residents. ‘The investigation to establish the circumstances around this incident continue and I urge anyone with information who has not yet spoken to police to contact us.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.