Mercury is ending its retro phase and is pushing ahead from today. For Gemini, as the planet moves in your sector of transformation, you may be ready to make a decision that could save you a lot of angst in the future. Meanwhile, Sagittarius, matters will begin to speed up. Do you have a craving for something? You may not want to give up until you get it. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 18, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 The coming days bring a chance for a fresh beginning. Whether this applies to an ambition or a personal goal, the act of turning a new page is empowering. In addition, with clever Mercury turning direct in your career zone, you’ll get satisfaction from knowing that recent delays will almost be a thing of the past. Soon you’ll get back on track and will begin to see results, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 If you’ve been overwhelmed by an issue that has left you emotional, then a potent solar tie can inspire you to look beneath the surface and benefit from any insights. What seemed so important more recently, may soon appear less so. Nevertheless, don’t feel bad for jettisoning a situation that has been a burden for too long. It’s time to let it go and be free of the tension it’s caused. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Inquisitive Mercury pushes ahead from today in your sector of transformation. You may be ready to make a decision that could save you a lot of angst in the future. If you’ve been trying your hardest to make something work, recent weeks might have revealed that it isn’t going to happen. No matter how attached you are to the outcome, you’ll realize it’s time to drop it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 The Sun’s tie to Pluto in your sector of relating, reveals you’ll be ready to let go of the past to embrace a better future. This might mean re-writing the script concerning a key relationship in a way that leaves you feeling empowered. And as the planet of talk and thought turns direct from today Cancer, it may be easier to hold a conversation without crossed wires spoiling it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If your best efforts have been delayed over recent weeks, there is hope. Mercury ends its retro phase and pushes ahead from today. You can breathe a sigh of relief if tech has gone wrong, files have disappeared, and your hard work seems to have got you nowhere. Soon you’ll be flying high. Regarding a project or idea Leo, you may be trying too hard. Relax and let it happen. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 This could be an intense day, as the Sun’s merger with Pluto makes it hard to take your mind off something or someone. Thinking isn’t going to make things happen Virgo, but action will. Rather than wonder and obsess, doing something can relieve any angst. And you’ll feel a whole lot better. Plus, as Mercury turns direct, a stalled relationship may fire up again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If feelings have built to a crescendo around family matters, you may seek solace from friends rather than those in your clan. If you need a break to think things through, then a coffee and a heart-to-heart could help you get your bearings. When you feel ready, you can return to the fold with fresh suggestions. You’ll know what to do, and you’ll have the strength to make a start. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Need to hold an urgent discussion? Today could be intense, as the Sun merges with non-negotiable Pluto. If you try too hard to get a particular outcome, then it might have the opposite effect. And with talkative Mercury turning direct, things may not be as clear cut as you would wish for a day or so. Hold back for now, and in a few days it will all make much more sense. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The Moon in your sign suggests you’ll wear your heart on your sleeve, and may give away more than is good for you Archer. Still, at least others will know where they stand, which can be a good thing. Experienced delays with money coming through? As Mercury forges ahead, matters will begin to speed up. Have a craving for something? You won’t give up until you get it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 As the Sun embraces Pluto in your sign, you may have strong views about everything, but you could get obsessed over one matter and go to extremes. Friends might wonder what you’re so upset about. And you can feel the same soon, as this issue may appear quite trivial. On the plus side, Mercury steps forward so you can safely start on projects that have been on hold. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The Sun/Pluto merger, suggests there may be more going on behind the scenes than you realize. Bearing this in mind, you might find that a more serene approach enables you to grasp opportunities that you could miss if you’re trying too hard. Coincidences can show up that seem to nudge you in a new direction Aquarius, or that encourage you to link with useful people. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Has a long-term goal been on the backburner? You may feel a surge of enthusiasm that is almost overwhelming, encouraging you to dust it down and continue. Perhaps a break from it has allowed fresh ideas to emerge. If it’s something that could change your life in a big way, then you’ll sense this, and be ready to pour more energy into making it happen as soon as possible. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 17, 2023 MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 16, 2023 MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 15 to January 21