Nurses all over England are walking out over pay and patient safety this week. Some 55 hospital trusts will be short of nursing staff on Wednesday and Thursday – January 18 and 17 – when members of the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) stage industrial action. RCN chief executive Pat Cullen said: ‘Rather than negotiate, prime minister Rishi Sunak has chosen strike action again. We are doing this in a desperate bid to get him and ministers to rescue the NHS. ‘The only credible solution is to address the tens of thousands of unfilled jobs – patient care is suffering like never before. ‘My olive branch to the Government – asking them to meet me halfway and begin negotiations – is still there. They should grab it.’ Ms Cullen was referring to her previous suggestion the union would accept a pay rise of 10%, over the 19% it had asked for before the Government rejected it. But the Government has refused this offer as well, insisting it has proposed a fair pay deal, accepting the recommendations of the independent pay review body ‘in full’ – up to 9.3%. Thousands of nurses at trusts across England and Wales walked out last month, leading to the cancellation of thousands of hospital appointments and operations. Certain members of the RCN are exempt from industrial action and will continue to go to work on strike days to ensure the safety of patients. Nurses who work in chemotherapy, dialysis, critical care units, neonatal intensive care, paediatric intensive care and paediatric A&E will not walk out on Wednesday and Thursday. Employers will have to manage lower staffing levels within other services. Yesterday, the RCN announced two new strike dates next month – February 6 and 7, with more NHS trusts taking part than ever before. The decision to strike on February 6 is designed to coincide with the 10th anniversary of the Robert Francis inquiry into Mid Staffordshire NHS Foundation Trust, which highlighted the impact of nurse shortages on patient care and excess deaths. The inquiry uncovered the neglect of hundreds of patients at Stafford Hospital between 2005 and 2009. There were accounts of some elderly people being left lying in their own urine, unable to eat, drink or take essential medication. In a letter to health secretary Steve Barclay last week, Mr Francis and the Patient Association’s chief executive, Rachel Power, described the current stress on the NHS and excess death levels as ‘Mid Staffs playing out on a national level, if not worse’. Find out more on Metro.co.uk’s dedicated strikes page. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.