An accountant fears he will have to sell his new home following a £200,000 legal bill over some Japanese knotweed growing at his old house. When Jeremy Henderson, 41, sold his £700,000 house in Raynes Park, London, in 2018 he signed a form declaring there was no knotweed on the property. But shortly after moving into his new home, furniture designer Jonathan Downing, 30, found a patch of knotweed growing behind the shed in his garden and sued Henderson for misrepresentation. Japanese knotweed is an invasive species, notorious for its propensity to spread and cause damage to building structures, as well as the difficulty and expense of getting rid of it. Henderson had answered ‘no’ to the question on a property information form that asked whether it had been affected by knotweed, with the accountant arguing he ‘reasonably believed’ he was telling the truth when he answered the question. But during a long-running legal dispute between the two men, Tom Carter, representing Mr Downing, told the court: ‘The defendant could have ticked “Yes”, “Not Known” or “No” – by ticking “No”, the defendant chose to positively assert there was no knotweed at the property and thereby made a misrepresentation.’ Judge Jan Luba, sitting at Central London County Court, eventually ruled in Mr Downing’s favour and awarded costs and damages against Henderson totalling more than £200,000. Henderson must now pay £32,000 in damages and Downing’s legal costs of up to £95,000. His own costs were estimated at almost £100,000. Speaking to the Mail after the trial, Mr Henderson believes he suffered a ‘miscarriage of justice’ and fears he will now have to sell his new house in Surrey to pay the steep legal bill. ‘I’m hoping that it won’t come to that but I haven’t got the funds to appeal and am now going to have to work out how I will pay these costs and damages,’ he said. ‘This whole affair has had a devastating impact on the family and has left me and my wife very upset. I just don’t know what to do next because I did not do anything wrong.’ He claims things took a turn for the worse between him and Mr Downing from the off when he received an ‘aggressive’ legal letter demanding he pay £16,000 to remove the knotweed shortly after completion of the sale – a fee he says he wished he had paid in hindsight. Mr Henderson says he might have considered splitting the cost of the removal if Downing had approached him in a more cordial manner, but after he accused him of fraudulence and called him a liar Mr Henderson decided to seek legal advice instead. He also claimed Mr Downing did not have a survey done when he bought the property and added: ‘The judge just ignored that very important point.’ ‘The judge has not understood my case at all and did not apply any common sense,’ he added. ‘This ridiculous decision just encourages ambulance chasing lawyers.’ During the trial, Mr Henderson claimed the large bush in the garden had hidden the knotweed and stunted its growth, causing it to shoot up once Mr Downing cut back the bush after moving in. But the claims were dismissed after the judge heard the knotweed had been previously treated with herbicide, and may have once stood at around 2m tall. As he gave his ruling, Judge Luba said: ‘Everything turns on the specific facts of the act of representation and its individual circumstances. ‘Mr Henderson told me on oath that he genuinely did think there wasn’t any Japanese knotweed in his garden. ‘He knew what it looked like and he had not seen any in the three years he had been there. His mother was a keen gardener and she made no report to him of Japanese knotweed. ‘No previous owners had mentioned Japanese knotweed to him and none of the neighbours had Japanese knotweed in their gardens. ‘Had that evidence stood alone, he would have amply satisfied me of his reasonable belief that there was no Japanese knotweed at his property.’ ‘I ask myself whether Mr Henderson genuinely did believe there was no Japanese knotweed affecting the property. I’m not satisfied he has met that burden. ‘Even if I am wrong and he did genuinely believe the answer, he has not shown me that he had any reasonable grounds for doing so. ‘The defendant is liable to the claimant for the sum of damages agreed.’ Mr Henderson now has just 21 days to pay back the costs plus damages. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.