British Peloton instructor Leanne Hainsby has revealed she has been diagnosed with breast cancer at just 35-years-old. The fitness professional shared a lengthy post on Instagram on Friday where she shared details of her diagnosis. ‘Two days before my best friend’s funeral, I found a lump in my breast,’ she wrote. ‘That really is a sentence I NEVER imagined writing. After her concerns were at first dismissed by a doctor, Leanne went on to consult another and was diagnosed with breast cancer in August last year. ‘I trusted my gut and got a second opinion. That saved my life. Check, and check again,’ she added. The post was also accompanied by a series of photos of her in hospital undergoing treatment. Before undergoing chemotherapy Leanne and her fiancé, fellow Peloton instructor Benjamin Alldis, did a round of IVF. ‘We weren’t mentally prepared, but we got it done and we’re so grateful,’ she shared. Speaking about deciding to continue working, Leanne said it mattered to her ‘hugely’ to not give it up. ‘My classes have given me a focus, and some sparkle in an otherwise incredibly tough time, so thank you to the members who had no idea the amount of joy they were bringing to me every day,’ she said. Having now completed 12 weeks of chemotherapy, she also explained how she would teach her Wednesday morning classes and then go meet her mother to ‘go to the treatment suite for my weekly dose’. She added: ‘Chemo is no joke. Cold caps are no joke.’ Writing more about the grief she was already battling at the time, she shared it was just two days before Dani Hampson’s funeral that she learnt she was sick. Hampson was the fiancée to X Factor star Tom Mann who passed away at only 34-years-old. ‘To be in the early stages of grief after losing Danielle and then faced with something like this, has been unimaginably tough, and that still feels like an understatement,’ Leanne wrote. Leanne added that her treatment will continue for a ‘long time’, but that six months after being diagnosed she feels ‘lucky’ and knows she ‘will be OK’. ‘I have had some good news in the last week, and it is so welcomed after a relentlessly cruel 2022.’ Ending the post, Leanne also encouraged other women to make sure to regularly check their breasts and trust their gut feeling and get a second opinion. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jonnie Irwin shares adorable family snaps from Lake District getaway following terminal cancer diagnosis MORE : Your Boots and Tesco loyalty cards could help spot ovarian cancer, here’s how  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 