M3GAN finally hits UK cinemas today and horror aficionados will be dying to wrap their eyeballs around the spine-tingling new flick. Conjured in James Wan’s brain, M3GAN tells the story of an orphaned girl whose roboticist aunt tries to cure her loneliness by building her an AI-powered android pal to play with. Alas, her new bot bestie soon becomes possessive and starts slicing and dicing. While the movie certainly switches up the horror doll genre, it’s far from the first murderous toy to keep us up at night. So, what better way to celebrate M3GAN’s release this side of the pond than by rounding up cinema’s creepiest dolls, from Chucky to Annabelle. The OG creepy doll, Chucky first started terrifying audiences in 1988’s Child’s Play. A children’s toy possessed by the spirit of a blood-thirsty serial killer; Chucky is considered one of the most famous horror villains of all time. There’ve since been eight Child’s Play films in total, including fan favourites Bridge of Chucky and Seed of Chucky. The Boy’s plot is WILD. The movie is about an elderly couple who decide to raise a life-sized doll in the place of their dead son. The bereaved parents even bring in a nanny to care for the doll (named Brahms), who soon becomes convinced it’s alive. Ergh, just look at Brahms’ freaky little porcelain face, all terrifying and stuff. The Conjuring’s devil doll creeped people out so much that it got a movie franchise of its very own. Annabelle first appeared in her own stand-alone movie back in 2014 and has since gone on to star in 2017’s Annabelle: Creation and 2019’s Annabelle Comes Home. We first find the hair-raising doll locked up in the basement of paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren before it’s later revealed that the doll is possessed with a malevolent entity conjured up by Satanists during a home invasion. Ventriloquist dummy Billy is the star of 2007’s Dead Silence. Possessed by the spirit of a woman named Mary who is hellbent on enacting revenge, Billy starts killing people. Well, not just ‘killing’. Billy also rips out his victims’ tongues so they can’t scream. That’s the Toy Story 5 cameo out the window, then. A bit of a curveball, but Rodrigo Blaas’s short 2009 film is peak ‘Jason Blum meets Pixar’. While it might not leave you scrambling for the lights, Alma curdles your blood over time and plays on your mind long after the credits roll. The plot in a nutshell: a young girl is enjoying a solo stroll in the snow when she spots a strange doll in the window of an old, empty toy shop. Intrigued, she steps inside, but what happens next means she never leaves. Poltergeist’s sinister clown doll was the stuff of 80s kids’ nightmares. The film follows the Freeling family as they learn their home – which sits on an old graveyard – is haunted by malevolent ghosts Eventually, an entity manages to steal married couple Diane and Steve’s young daughter Carol, but it’s a scene featuring a toy clown owned by the couple’s son Robbie that takes the biscuit. Robbie ends up being dragged under his bed by the clown and we’ve never really recovered. Surprised that Guillermo del Toro’s take on the Disney classic made the list? You shouldn’t be. The doll has nails sticking out of its back for Pete’s sake. What’s more, the first time we meet Pinocchio, he’s crawling around Geppetto’s basement in a manner so chilling it makes Regan from the Exorcist’s infamous backward crawl down a set of stairs seem perfectly normal. Pinocchio belongs here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Matty Healy’s proud mum Denise Welch actually hung out with Taylor Swift backstage at The 1975’s London gig MORE : Who was Lisa Marie Presley married to and how many kids did she have? 