Officials are investigating after a jet taking off from John F Kennedy International Airport in New York nearly collided with another taxiing plane on Friday. Delta Flight 1943 was about to take off for the Dominican Republic on Friday night when air traffic controllers scrambled to cancel their authorization. The Delta flight was a Boeing 737 carrying 145 passengers and six crew members. The plane began its takeoff around 8.45pm, accelerating to 115 miles per hour. Meanwhile, American Airlines Flight 103 – a Boeing 777 headed to London Heathrow Airport – began crossing same the runway. Air traffic controllers had authorized the American flight to cross Runway 31, but the pilot instead began crossing Runway 4. The dispatcher initially confirmed to the Delta pilot that Runway 4, was clear, but quickly realized his mistake as the unauthorized 777 began crawling across the path. ‘S**t! Oh, f**k!’ one air traffic controller yells when he realizes the mistake. ‘Delta 1943 cancel takeoff clearance!’ The Delta pilot slammed on the breaks, bringing the aircraft to a stop within 1,000 feet of the American Airlines plane. Passengers on board the aircraft said they were thrust forward in their seats as the plane came to an emergency stop. ‘It was like a split second of panic,’ passenger Brian Healy told NBC New York. Delta Flight 1943 was forced to return to the gate. Passengers were given free hotel accommodations, and the flight took off without incident on Saturday. Delta said that it would be conducting a full review of the incident. ‘We apologize to our customers for the inconvenience and delay of their travels,’ the airline stated. American has not yet commented on the matter. The Federal Aviation Authority and the National Transportation Safety Board announced they were both conducting investigations into the incident. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.