The cold snap is here to stay for at least another week after temperatures dipped to -8C overnight. Further weather warnings for snow and ice are likely to be issued by the Met Office later in the day. Drivers are urged to defrost their cars, factor in extra time for their journeys and go carefully along slippery roads. It comes after a double-decker bus overturned yesterday morning in ‘treacherous’ freezing conditions in Somerset. Met Office meteorologist Tom Morgan said: ‘This is a cold spell lasting around five to seven days so I think by the weekend if you’re living in Scotland or Northern Ireland, you will feel it getting a bit milder – but it will remain cold in England and Wales. ‘It may well take until the early part of next week for temperatures to return to normal across England and Wales.’ Up to 32cm of snow fell at Loch Glascarnoch in the Highlands yesterday, and more is expected across the country today. Yellow warnings for snow and ice are in place for most of Northern Ireland and parts of the North West, Midlands, Wales and South West until noon. An ice warning covering much of the South expires at 10am. Driving conditions will be particularly difficult across northern and western coasts due to ‘blustery’ and ‘wintry’ showers. Avon and Somerset Police urged people not to travel unless ‘absolutely essential’, warning of ‘extremely icy and dangerous’ roads. Meanwhile, Cornwall Fire and Rescue Service said vehicles had become stuck in snow on the A39 at Trispen and A391 at Bugle. It tweeted: ‘Be careful if you’re out and about today – snow has fallen in some areas and roads are likely to be icy. In built up areas, pedestrians may take to the roads if pavements are dangerous.’ The RAC said there had been a ‘huge spike’ in breakdowns on Tuesday due to icy conditions. A spokesperson said: ‘Even though the weather is largely dry in most places, today is proving far busier than yesterday, which is unusual as Monday is generally the biggest day for breakdowns. ‘Flat batteries are the top reason for drivers calling us out as cars with older ones finally give up the ghost in the cold. ‘Ice, and in some areas snow, are the biggest risks for drivers this week – particularly on stretches of road that haven’t been treated. ‘It’s vital everyone slows down and gives themselves time to plenty of time to brake and react in the event something unexpected happens.’ The Met Office said it expects milder air to start moving in from Friday afternoon in Northern Ireland and Scotland. Spokesman Oli Claydon said: ‘That will slowly spread across the rest of the UK. South-east England will hold onto colder temperatures for longer.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.