Manchester United have walked away from a potential loan deal for Joao Felix and are now considering a big-money move for France striker Randal Kolo Muani, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is extremely light on attacking options following Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure, with Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford the only senior, established options capable of leading the line and playing through the middle. Felix emerged as a potential short-term solution after falling out of favour with Diego Simeone, with Atletico Madrid willing to sanction a loan deal. The Portugal international was offered to United, Chelsea and Arsenal by his agent, Jorge Mendes, but The Telegraph claim the Red Devils have now ended their interest and are looking at alternative solutions. Atletico were seeking a €15million (£13.3m) loan fee, while Felix’s wages until the end of the season would cost a further €6m (£5.3m), plus Mendes would expect a payment too. That is too extreme a price to pay for United who have baulked at the demands and backed away from a deal, and it would take a dramatic shift in the positions of Felix, Atletico and Mendes for United to return to the negotiating table. But Ten Hag remains desperate to bring in a new forward and has made his case to United’s board, who are now weighing up a move for Frankfurt frontman Kolo Muani according to French newspaper L’Equipe. There had been suggestions that United were limited to only signing players on loan – with the Glazers unwilling to sanction any deals while they were looking to sell the club – but that stance could change for the right player. Kolo Muani has enjoyed an excellent debut season for Frankfurt and earned a place in Didier Deschamps’s France squad for the World Cup, impressing massively in Qatar. According to L’Equipe, United are currently readying a €60m (£53m) bid for the Frenchman, who only moved to Frankfurt from Nantes in the summer on a free transfer. United are not the only side interested, with Bayern Munich also keeping tabs on the 24-year-old as they look for a long-term replacement for Robert Lewandowski – who, of course, moved to Barcelona in the summer. For his part, Kolo Muani is believed to be somewhat reluctant to leave Frankfurt so soon after joining and would rather assess his options in the summer. The France international is an ideal fit for the type of striker Ten Hag wants, capable of playing as a focal point or off the flanks, and he has five goals and nine assists in just 14 Bundesliga appearances this season. Frankfurt, though, are desperate to keep him, particularly as they prepare for a Champions League tie against Napoli next month. MORE : Rio Ferdinand wants ‘clarity’ over Jadon Sancho’s absence and insists Manchester United ‘need’ winger back MORE : Joao Felix in contact with Thomas Partey as Arsenal battle with Manchester United and Chelsea for Atletico Madrid star For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 