A 13-year-old girl was stabbed with a pair of scissors at school because of the colour of her hair, her father claims. Daisy Andrew, a Year 9 pupil at Homewood School in Tenterden, Kent, suffered two 15mm-deep puncture wounds to the back of her leg during the ‘terrifying’ break-time attack. Furious father Robin Andrew has spoken of his shock and anger at the attack, which he claims was initiated by a boy who made fun of Daisy’s red hair. ‘She told him to go away because she doesn’t usually let stuff like that bother her,’ he said. ‘She turned around and thought he had gone away, but then he produced half a pair of scissors and said “look I’ve got this shank here” and stuck it in the back of her leg twice. ‘Blood was all down her tights and filled up her shoe. She needs new shoes now because we can’t clean them out.’ The school immediately informed Daisy’s mum about the incident. Alarming pictures show a trail of blood on the wall after the attack. Police were alerted but parents of other students say they only found out about the ‘awful’ event when their children called them ‘crying’ in the toilets. Daisy was seen by the school nurse before she was taken to A&E at the William Harvey Hospital in Ashford. Mr Andrew, who is the managing director of a facility and buildings engineering company, said: ‘My other half took her to hospital – they stuck the holes back together and plastered her up. ‘I can’t make sense of it because you don’t expect it to happen at a countryside school. ‘It’s not the school’s fault this has happened, but I hope appropriate action is taken. She should be able to go to school and feel safe.’ He added: ‘This was an unprovoked attack on her because of the colour of her hair. ‘I think in the back of her mind now, next time someone makes a remark like that is what she is to expect?’ A school spokesperson said: ‘Without seeking to minimise the impact on the victim, the incident has been exaggerated on social media. ‘A minor injury was caused to the leg of a female pupil by a boy using a pair of small scissors. ‘The school nurse dealt with the cut initially but, as a precaution, the girl went to A&E where the injury was examined and appropriate care and attention were provided. ‘The police were informed, but did not attend the school.’ The spokesperson said the boy’s actions were ‘clearly unacceptable’ and school bosses are making further inquiries about the circumstances before taking any disciplinary action. They added: ‘Both sets of parents have been supportive of the school’s actions and the girl has expressed a wish to return to school as soon as possible.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.