We don’t want another Tinder Swindler. Romance fraud continues to boom in the UK, after it’s spike during the pandemic which saw £73.9million loses during the period. But with dating apps now one of the most popular ways to meet people, for those looking for love, deleting them isn’t an option. Now, Match Group, parent company of Tinder, Match, Hinge and Plenty of Fish, is rolling out a global public awareness campaign to help people date safer. There are different types of online fraud, and now app users will get messages from Match Group, warning them of common telltale signs to look out for when something isn’t right. Created with financial exploitation experts, the tips shared will be displayed throughout January to guide users. Buddy Loomis, who works in law enforcement and investigations for the company, says: ‘As a former detective and special agent, I know firsthand how scammers lure unsuspecting individuals into giving personal information and ultimately money – including preying on those looking for love or companionship. ‘It’s the reason we are committed to investing in building the safety tools available to users by leveraging technology and resources that aim to help users protect themselves from the harms in the world around them and make safer connections.’ These are tips to keep in mind, no matter what app you use. Scammers will try to get you on to another platform quickly, which can be a common flag for these types of scams. Stay on the app when getting to know a new connection. If the match wants to move platforms but still doesn’t want to meet up or video call it’s a red flag. Make sure to verify your profile with Photo Verification and also look out for the verification check on your matches. Try having a video chat before meeting in person, so you know they match up to their profile. If a new love interest is giving you crypto or investment advice, there’s a high probability that it’s a scam. You should report them on the app so they can be monitored. Scammers will use techniques to focus on how a large sum of returns could improve your life or what you could do with this new money. Anyone trying to ‘teach’ you how to be successful and rich should be avoided. Don’t let yourself be fooled by a sob story – scammers often claim they need money for a Visa, customs fees, surgeries, family medical bills, car repairs or plane tickets to visit. If they appear desperate and money is involved, steer clear. Scammers can play the long game, asking for money five months in when trust has been built. As a rule, it’s best to never send or receive money via a wire transfer, money order, currency exchange, gift card or investment with someone you’ve never met in person. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Businessman gave Tinder date £200,000 and now he wants it back