If you’re looking for ways to cut energy costs this winter, there’s plenty you can try. From these draught-proofing and radiator-optimising tips, to general energy-saving measures, there are ways to keep your house warmer and hopefully your bill a bit lower. Another thing to add to the list? Giving the Money Saving Boiler Challenge a go, if you have the right type of boiler. Curious? Here’s what you need to know – and how much you could potentially save. The Money Saving Boiler Challenge is an initiative by charity Nesta – which calls itself ‘the UK’s innovation agency for social good’. It aims to get households with combi boilers across the UK to turn down the flow rate or flow temperature on said boiler to 60°C (or below) – an efficient setting, rather than the standard 70°C to 80°C. This flow temperature puts combi boilers in ‘condensing mode’, says Nesta, which will allow it to ‘recover heat that would otherwise be lost so that it runs more efficiently’. Essentially, radiators will still heat up to their usual temperature setting, but they’ll do it slightly slower. Though this isn’t possible for all types of boilers, nor is it suitable if you have a hot water tank, if it is doable for you then it could potentially help you cut down on energy costs. Give The Energy Saving Trust’s guide to turning down your flow temperature a read for further information. It confirms it’s fine to turn down a combi boiler to 60°C or below, though there might be some trial and error to find the right setting for you. The Trust writes: ‘If you have a combi boiler with no hot water cylinder, you can turn the radiator’s flow temperature down as much as you like without affecting the hot water… ‘Bear in mind there’s a risk of the house getting too cold while you find the right temperature.’ Note it specifically warns against turning your flow temperature down any lower than 65°C if you have a conventional boiler – as this could affect your hot water and encourage the growth of legionella bacteria. Potentially, taking part in the Money Saving Boiler Challenge could save you more than £100 a year. As Nesta explainers: ‘Turning down a single setting will make your boiler work more efficiently, saving around £112 a year for the average household… ‘If 10 million households turned down the flow temperature on their combi boilers to 60°C or below this could wipe £1 billion off UK energy bills and save 1.7 million tonnes of carbon emissions.’ The founder of MoneySavingExpert, Martin Lewis, has also championed this tip, during a November 2022 segment on ITV. MORE : This is why your boiler is essential to keeping energy costs down this winter MORE : When will energy prices jump again – key dates for 2023 Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below