Imagine walking into the bar of your hotel and seeing Dame Judi Dench casually duetting with Sharleen Spiteri at the piano? Well, guests at an Aberdeenshire hotel were treated to exactly that. Scottish singer Sharleen, 55, and acting royalty Dame Judi, 88, joined forces to see out 2022 in musical style, belting out a rendition of Abba’s Waterloo at The Fife Arms in Braemar. A video, which was posted to Twitter and has amassed over 100,000 views, shows the two sharing a stool, with Dame Judi playing the piano and singing parts of the hit while Sharleen showcases her pipes. The performance took place just before midnight fireworks welcomed in 2023, and we can’t think of a better way to end the year. Twitter users expressed their thoughts on the clip, with one hailing them ‘two absolute legends.’ ‘Love this! 2 superstars kicking back and having a laugh. Isn’t Judi terrific on the old Joanna?!’, one tweeted. ‘This is peak 2023 energy’, declared another. Whether or not the actress actually played the piano, though, was open to speculation. One tweeter wrote: ‘Did no one else notice that this was a self-playing piano? The keys are moving by themselves and Dame Judy is acting wonderfully well! (Sorry to spoil the party atmos)’. Another said: ‘Look at the keys, she’s not actually playing.’ Despite this, Ewan Venters, the chief executive officer of Artfarm, which owns The Fife Arms, told BBC Scotland the rendition brought happiness to those present. ‘Judi Dench and Sharleen Spiteri were staying at the hotel and we had an impromptu moment at the piano,’ he said. ‘It was a happy evening with lots of guests and locals clapping.’ The owner added that the hotel’s New Years Eve celebrations were filled with joy, with fireworks lighting up the sky as the clock struck 12. ‘It was a classic Scottish Hogmanay party at The Fife Arms,’ he said. ‘The hotel was fully sold out, with four course dinner and a ceilidh with lots of reeling.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cher, 76, gets New Year’s Eve kiss from boyfriend Alexander ‘AE’ Edwards, 36, as diamond ring fuels engagement rumours MORE : How famous faces rang in the New Year – from the Beckhams ‘missing’ Brooklyn to pregnant Stacey Solomon in bed by midnight 