It’s a new year, which means a new series of Dancing on Ice and hosts Holly Willoughby and Philip Scofield are back to present the ‘greatest show on ice.’ It was recently confirmed that Love Island winner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, Towie star Joey Essex and The Wanted star Siva Kaneswaran will be donning the sequins in this year’s installment, and have been training hard for the last three months. Although the official premiere date hasn’t been confirmed yet, ITV have dropped a little teaser to get us hyped for the new series. In one of the snaps This Morning presenter Holly is rocking a strapless sparkly silver dress while her TV husband Phil looked dapper in a grey blazer, black shirt and black trousers. As for the judges, fans will be delighted to know that former Strictly Come Dancing pro Oti Mabuse is back on the ice panel alongside Diversity dancer Ashley Banjo and Olympic legends Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean. Oti, 32, looked elegant in an off-the-shoulder dusty pink dress, while Ashley nailed the chill look with a grey co-ord. Dancing duo Jayne, 65, and Chris 64, posed together with Jayne wearing a silver studded gown while her skating partner donned a navy ensemble. Also competing in this year’s show is Carley Stenson, Darren Harriott, John Fashanu, Michelle Heaton, Mollie Gallagher, Nile Wilson, Patsy Palmer and The Vivienne. The celebrities have been training hard as they prepare to make their debut on the ice, but it hasn’t been smooth sailing according to TV personality Ekin-Su. Speaking to Daily Star, the reality star opened up on rehearsing with pro partner Brendyn Hatfield. ‘It’s very intense but I’m loving every minute of it,’ she said. ‘My whole body hurts.’ Last year saw Regan Gascoigne and partner Karina Marta beat the likes of former Strictly pro Brendan Cole and singer Kimberly Wyatt to lift the coveted trophy. Dancing on Ice returns this January on ITV1 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Holly Willoughby’s BBC show Freeze The Fear With Wim Hof in jeopardy with no plans for series 2 MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Fleur East and Molly Rainford soak up the rays in Barbados: ‘From the ballroom to the beach’ 