Planning to join the Great Job Divorce and try something new this year? Well these could be the companies to start looking into. Glassdoor has revealed the results of its Employees’ Choice Awards, which lists the 50 best places to work in the UK this year. The results are based on the input of employees who voluntarily provide anonymous feedback on Glassdoor, by completing a company review about their job, work environment, and employer over the past year. Each workplace is then ranked one to five – with five being the best. In 2022, Service Now took first place, which averaged out at a 4.6 rating. In second place was AND Digital, followed by previous winner Salesforce coming in third. This year, there’s been a few changes (we’ve shared the full list below). Some familiar names still make an appearance in the list, but a quarter of the top 10 are brand new entries. Taking first place for 2023 is consulting firm company, Bain & Company. Employees called out the company’s friendly culture, strong work-life balance and excellent learning opportunities. Tech company ServiceNow came in at second, with another consulting company, Boston Consulting Group taking third. Thirteen of the companies are newcomers to the list and 18 are headquartered in the UK. Many companies ranked in part due to flexible work environments, a focus on better pay, improved benefits packages, and excellent work-life balance. Christian Sutherland-Wong, Glassdoor chief executive officer, said: ‘The past year brought extreme highs and lows for job seekers and employees. But despite an increasingly uncertain job market, Glassdoor data shows there are still companies hyper-focused on creating outstanding employee experiences. ‘It’s encouraging to see companies doubling down on employee mental health and wellbeing, diversity and inclusion, competitive benefits and flexible work environments as we head into 2023. I sincerely congratulate all of the Best Places to Work winners.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Have you ‘end-zoned’ your job? Why this cynical workplace trend is so dangerous to your career MORE : How to tell if you’re the annoying work colleague