Love Island’s Kai might have attracted attention by being coupled up with three girls in the space of a few minutes following the winter series opener – but he later raised a few more eyebrows during a conversation with Tanyel about star signs. As the teacher admitted he knows nothing about them, he admitted: ‘I think I’m on the cusp of Gemini and Cancer’ – before admitting he was Cancerian when Tanyel said she got on well with people born under that sign. However, his remarks left others less familiar with their star signs wondering just what ‘born on the cusp’ referred to. Just what does it mean? Here’s what you need to know… Each year the dates of the twelve signs shift a little, so if you’re born on the edge of one sign (typically around the 21st – 23rd of the month) then it’s likely that one year you could have been, for instance, a Leo, and maybe a Virgo the next. However, to know for sure exactly what sign you are, you just look up the specific dates for the year you were born and stick with that, okay? The star sign dates are calculated from the first day of Aries season, which is Spring Equinox. Another factor which changes the dates is whenever we have a Leap Year. For 2022, the dates are as follows: Zodiac cusps represent the two or three days either side of the sign changing over, and some astrologers believe this to bring an extra magic to those born on those days. Cusp days signify endings and beginnings, new possibilities and shifting perspectives. Taking it even further, many people who are born around a cusp feel like they embody traits from both of the star signs they straddle. In fac,t many enjoy this fluidity and flexibility. However, it’s not true to say that, astrologically, people actually do possess traits from both signs, even if they’re born within 12 hours of the sun’s shift from one sign to the next. Astrology is a pretty exact art. The dates do matter and, furthermore, astrology uses the exact placement of the planets to create a bespoke birth chart for a person, not just their star (or sun) sign. Your birth chart contains the position of all of the planets the moment you were born, it’s like a cosmic fingerprint, outlining all of your traits and destiny, based not just on your star (or sun, because it’s where the sun was when you were born) sign, but also based on what position and sign the moon, Venus, Mercury, Uranus and all the planetary gang, were in. If you really, really feel like you’re not the sign you were born as, then it’s probably worth getting your birth chart (you can do this for free at sites like Café Astrology, you just need the date, time, and place of birth). We each have an Ascendant (AKA Rising Sign), which largely describes how one presents themselves to the world, your social and perceived personality. What others think of you, and perhaps how you project yourself. Usually, this is a different zodiac sign than your sun sign, and may feel to you more how you actually feel yourself when it comes to aligning with a star sign. So, no, the cusp thing is not really a real thing, despite the fact that many people talk about it and believe themselves to be half Leo / half Virgo etc… instead, it may be that your Ascendant, or rising, sign is actually driving your personality bus! Go check it out. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2023 MORE : Your star sign’s love, sex, and dating tarot horoscope for winter MORE : The full moon in Sagittarius activates adventure – this is what it means for your star sign