Winter Love Island stars Haris Namani and Anna-May Robey’s time in the villa came to an end during Wednesday’s episode. In Tuesday’s edition, fans were shocked to discover that Australian newcomers Jessie Wynter and Aaron Waters would be the ones making the casting vote after Anna- May, Tanya Mahenga, Tanyel Revan, Tom Clare, Haris, and Kai Fagan were left vulnerable. ‘We had to make our decision on the one we think has the most potential to grow and develop,’ she said. ‘We personally think these two people have had loads of opportunities, but don’t know if this is much better they can go.’ Jessie revealed that she and Aaron decided it was time for the 20-year-old payroll administrator, and the 21-year-old TV salesman to leave the villa. ‘I am gutted that Haris is leaving and I am shocked if I’m honest,’ said Olivia Hawkins, who was coupled up with him after Tom coupled up with Zara Lackenby-Brown. Following their exit, Haris said: ‘I had the best experience of my life, but if it’s time it’s time.’ Echoing a similar sentiment, Anna-May hailed her Love Island journey the ‘experience of a lifetime.’ According to insiders, a new bombshell is set to ruffle some feathers in tonight’s episode, which could create a spanner in the works for farmer Will Young. ‘The lads better get grafting as the new boy is extremely charming and an absolute stunner – jaws will be dropping when he walks in,’ a source spilled. They added to The Sun: ‘Expect heads to turn and every couple in there to be threatened.’ Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island stars’ jaws drop as Jessie Wynter and Aaron Waters reveal which islanders they’re dumping from villa in emotional elimination MORE : Love Island’s Will Young ‘at risk’ as handsome new bombshell set to arrive tonight