Jake Paul has been slammed for appearing to announce that Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury have had their baby before the pair have even had the chance to share the news themselves. Fans have been awaiting former Love Island stars Molly and Tommy, both 23, to announce that she has given birth to their first child, a baby girl, after announcing her pregnancy in September. Last week, the PrettyLittleThing creative director hinted at her due date and it seemed to be just days away. On Thursday, Tommy’s representative confirmed his long-awaited boxing fight against Jake will be taking place on February 26 in Saudi Arabia. However, YouTuber Jake then took it upon himself to claim Tommy is free to fight without any setbacks as he’s reportedly welcomed his baby girl. In a tweet, the boxer said: ‘Tommy has no excuses now…Baby’s born. ‘Money’s massive. Immigration no issue. Tyson promises he & Papa will make Tommy retire from boxing & change his last name if he can’t beat the YouTuber.’ He added: ‘Tmw I’m coming to London to look at all 3 Fury’s in the eye & shake on that promise.’ However, Tommy and Molly have been silent on social media for several days and have not announced the birth of their child. Many have blasted Jake for apparently trumping the couple to share the news. One critic tweeted: ‘Not Jake Paul announcing molly maes baby being born!! Absolutely vile!!’ Another agreed: ‘I think it’s disrespectful for Jake to release the baby news. Both Tommy and Molly had kept quite. It might be some reason. It should be them who should release the news to world.’ One other added: ‘It’s actually quite sad that Jake Paul has announced Tommy and molly’s baby has been born.’ Particularly shocked by the move, another weighed in: ‘You being the one to announce tommy and molly’s baby not once, but twice? be less of an a*****e.’ In one of her most recent YouTube videos, Molly showed off her blossoming baby bump and explained that it may be her final update before her daughter’s arrival. Baring her bump to fans, she said: ‘Here I am. Here is baby girl, full term. I am now nine months pregnant.’ During the video, Molly-Mae then became surprised at how quickly the bump had grown in the final days of her pregnancy, admitting it was a good thing as she is ‘literally two weeks away from giving birth’. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Tommy and Molly’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 