David Beckham has sent a personal thank you message to one of his oldest fans for her continued support. Mona Hurry, 102, is a keen follower of the ex-England and Manchester United star and was thrilled to receive a video from the man himself. The touching message came the day after Mona, who was a codebreaker during the Second World War, had a Beckham themed party in her care home. In the video to Mona, David said: ‘Hey Mona, I just wanted to send you a message because everybody at Castor Lodge, all of the staff and of course your daughters have said what an incredible lady you are. ‘I also want to say a personal thank you because I know you’ve followed my career, my whole career, and I know you’re a huge football fan. ‘So I just wanted to say thank you so much for all your support over the years. I’m sending lots of love for being an incredible person.’ Mona was so shocked she didn’t believe it was real at first, and asked to watch it again. Speaking of her admiration for ‘Golden Balls’, Mona said: ‘He’s normal, he’s natural. He doesn’t have any airs and graces; he’s just himself. He never pushes forward. ‘Like what happened when he went to see the Queen – people made a way for him to go ahead and he said “No, that’s your place, you got here first.” That’s the sort of person he is.’ The message was arranged by the ‘Make a Wish’ initiative at Castor Lodge Care Home in Peterborough. Mona’s daughter Maureen said: ‘It is years since I have seen my mother with such a smile on her face. Who knew a cut-out David Beckham was all it needed?! Thank you for doing this for her.’ Laura Mills, a manager at the home, added: ‘Mona adores David Beckham and loves to talk about him. She always says what a special, lovely and charitable man he is. ‘Bearing in mind he’s a very busy man, he sent that message just after he landed in the States on Wednesday. ‘Mona is an incredibly sweet and kind lady herself, who always reaches out to everybody in the home to ask how they are. ‘Growing up, Mona served in the Women’s Royal Naval Service during the Second World War. She operated as a code breaker to intercept and crack the secrets of German wartime communication, playing a crucial role in Allied victory.’ MORE : David Beckham joined by lookalike son Cruz at Marc Anthony’s lavish Miami wedding to Nadia Ferreira MORE : David and Victoria Beckham upgrade their £6,000,000 Cotswolds mansion – with an outdoor toilet