The first week of 2023 is marked by mass industrial unrest over pay, jobs and conditions. Tens of thousands of workers begin further strikes today – including the railways -leaving commuters facing fresh travel chaos. Some 40,000 members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union at Network Rail and 14 train operators are staging two 48-hour strikes from until Friday, shutting down most rail services across the country. As a result, passengers – including those returning to work after the festive break – were warned to expect ‘significant disruption’. Only a limited number of trains will run today and people were urged not to travel unless necessary. Mick Lynch, general secretary, said rail strikes will continue until the government stops ‘blocking’ a deal to resolve the long-running dispute. He said there was an ‘unprecedented level of ministerial interference’ preventing a settlement. But the government has denied the claims that it is now the main stumbling block to ending the bitter dispute. ‘We have worked with the rail industry to reach successful negotiated settlements ever since privatisation in 1993 and we have achieved deals across the network in 2021 and 2022 where the DfT has no involvement,’ Mr Lynch added. ‘Yet in this dispute, there is an unprecedented level of ministerial interference, which is hamstringing rail employers from being able to negotiate a package of measures with us, so we can settle this dispute. ‘We will continue our action while we work towards a negotiated resolution.’ National Highway, Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), and the Rural Payments Agency employees are also taking part in the action today. The walkout by members of the Public and Commercial Services (PCS) is part of industrial action over pay, pensions and jobs. Around 100,000 PCS members working in 124 government departments and other bodies have voted for strike action. PCS general secretary Mark Serwotka said: ‘This strike is likely to cause problems for people returning to work after the Christmas break, and while we regret that, it’s important to remember our action could be called off today if Rishi Sunak put some money on the table for our members.’ National Highways said it has ‘well-rehearsed resilience plans’ to ensure that the 4,500-mile strategic road network remains open and safe. But it expects roads to be busy on both days and drivers are being asked to plan ahead, particularly with national rail strikes being staged at the same time. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.