Cesc Fabregas feels ‘something special is happening’ following Arsenal’s dramatic 3-2 win over Manchester United and labelled one of Mikel Arteta’s star players as a ‘bluffer’ while fellow legend Ian Wight laughed his head off. Premier League leaders Arsenal looked like they were going to drop two points at home to United before Eddie Nketiah’s 90th-minute winner at the Emirates. Sunday’s result means that the Gunners are now five points ahead of champions Manchester City with a game in hand. Former Arsenal stars Fabregas and Wright could not hide their excitement after full-time as the former told Sky Sports: ‘It’s an incredible victory – the way it happened. ‘There are games that define seasons. There is still a long way to go but as a player sometimes you just feel that something special is happening. ‘You can feel the togetherness. Can they come back in difficult moments? And today they showed they can.’ Ex-Arsenal striker Wright took to social media and posted a video of himself hysterically laughing. Bukayo Saka registered one of the Gunners’ three goals which saw him become the third Arsenal player ever to score in three consecutive Premier League appearances against Manchester United, after Freddie Ljungberg and Thierry Henry. ‘He’s a bit of a bluffer as he makes opponents think he’s too nice but when he’s on the pitch he’s a different animal!’ Fabregas added. ‘He’s having a fantastic season. I’m so happy for him.’ Nketiah scored twice against United and became the second player to net a 90th-minute winner against United in the Premier League after Henry in January 2007. ‘When Jesus got injured, you think can Nketiah come in and be the man?’ Jamie Redknapp told Sky Sports. ‘He has got seven goals in his last seven games. He must feel so good. He would have read everything about how Arsenal won’t cope without Jesus. But they’ve not missed him one bit.’ MORE : Roy Keane admits to 'huge question mark' over Man Utd star & made correct Marcus Rashford prediction vs Arsenal MORE : Roy Keane blasts Aaron Wan-Bissaka for ‘lacking football intelligence’ after ‘dozing off’ for Eddie Nketiah’s goal against Man Utd 