Britney Spears is thought to be ‘annoyed’ after concerned fans reached out to police officers to perform a welfare check, it has been claimed. The Toxic singer left her loyal followers worried when she deleted her Instagram page once again earlier this week, without any warning. Instead of pictures, a message on the 41-year-old’s profile now reads: ‘The link you followed may be broken, or the page may have been removed. Go back to Instagram.’ She also changed her name to River Red after slamming those who suggested she would be paying for a drunken restaurant incident, sparking more confusion. Things took a turn on Tuesday night when deputies from the Ventura County Sheriff’s Office showed up at her home to check how she was doing – at the request of some fans. Following the move, the mom-of-two is said to be ‘angry’ and annoyed’ by the intrusion. Insiders told TMZ that Britney understood how much people care about her wellbeing, but the situation was an inconvenience. The publication reported that fans contacted law enforcement over the musician’s recent behavior – with officials dispatched to her home to check if she was okay. They were able to determine that she was not in any danger – but it is unclear whether they spoke to her directly, or someone else. Britney has yet to address the incident publicly, and has not returned to social media. One of her last posts on the platform was a stunning snap of Mars, beside a lengthy caption alerting everyone to her new identity. Alongside the space-themed upload, she penned: ‘A bright one … easy does it!!! Thank you, childhood friend, I found my ball … don’t underestimate the power of purity!!! ‘I see right through it all … it has liquid and is wet … it’s playful and has mass!!! I changed my name to River Red!!! Yet the fire is where it illuminates … to stare at it and jump right in with no fear at all!!!! S**t. Now I have to find my FORK!!! [sic].’ She then made her new moniker Instagram official by changing her name from Britney Spears to River Red. Metro.co.uk has contacted Britney’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Traitors US finalist Quentin Jiles ‘didn’t talk’ to winner Cirie Fields after ‘hurtful’ betrayal: ‘I was upset’ MORE : Love Island star taken aback after new bombshell Spencer Wilks reveals job selling vibrators  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 