Pamela Anderson was a vision in red at the Los Angeles premiere of her new Netflix documentary, stepping out on the pink carpet with her two adult sons. The Baywatch star provided a dazzling throwback to her iconic red swimsuit from the show in a glittery, figure-hugging floor length gown, which she wore with matching heels. Her look was completed with an artfully messy up-do and silver dangling earrings. The 55-year-old was accompanied to the event for Pamela, A Love Story by her two sons with ex-husband Tommy Lee, 60: Brandon Thomas, 26, and Dylan Jagger, 25. Brandon, who served as a producer on the film, looked suave in a navy suit and tie, while Dylan opted to go open-collar in a white shirt and subtly stiped black suit, keeping his sunglasses on. At one point, mum Pamela was seen leaning in to plant a kiss on her eldest son’s cheek as he posed for pictured with his arm around her waist. The actress and former Playboy model is seen getting tearful over her tumultuous love affair with Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy in the documentary, confessing to Brandon after watching an old home movie that she didn’t ‘think I’ve loved anybody else’. The couple wed in 1995 in Cancún, Mexico after just four days together in a whirlwind romance, before divorcing in 1998 after Tommy was sentenced to six months in jail for spousal abuse. They had also tried to weather the storm caused by their infamous sex tape which was leaked in 1997 after being stolen from their home. Now it’s Pamela’s turn to set the record straight. A few years later, they were granted joint custody of their sons, and Pamela wrote in her freshly-released memoir – coinciding with the documentary – that they ‘check in’ with each other ‘every once in a while’. Pamela has since revealed that her new book has made for uncomfortable reading for her mother Carol, who is taking offence at some of the information Pamela has chosen to share with the world. Her one-off Netflix special is also set to delve behind some of the most covered moments of her time in the spotlight – offering the star the chance to put her side of the story across after the Hollywood icon did not give consent to the popular Hulu mini-series Pam & Tommy, starring Lily James and Sebastian Stan. The synopsis reads: ‘Pamela Anderson is ready to tell her story in a new documentary. ‘In her own words, through personal video and diaries, Pamela Anderson shares the story of her rise to fame, rocky romances and infamous sex tape scandal.’ Pamela, A Love Story is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pamela Anderson says Tim Allen had ‘no bad intentions’ amid allegations he flashed her on Home Improvement set MORE : Gordon Ramsay confesses he avoids watching Love Island in case his daughters have signed up ‘without telling me’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 