Steven Gerrard has offered to help Liverpool sign Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham ahead of Manchester United, Chelsea and Real Madrid. The Reds are one of a number of clubs interested in signing Bellingham, who is expected to be sold by Dortmund next summer. Gerrard is a huge admirer of Bellingham and believes he would be a huge addition for Liverpool, who are prepared to spend big on a midfielder. Bellingham, 19, has impressed in the Bundesliga and Champions League for Borussia Dortmund and become a mainstay in the England team, impressing at the recent Qatar World Cup. ‘Right now the obvious one is Jude Bellingham on the back of the World Cup and what he’s doing at Dortmund,’ Gerrard told BT Sport when asked which midfielder he wants Liverpool to sign. ‘The way he comes across, the way he speaks about the game, every time I watch him he impresses me. ‘He’s the obvious one because I do think that Hendo [Jordan Henderson] is adapting his game, covering Trent [Alexander-Arndold] on that right side. ‘Thiago is more of a footballer and Fabinho stays deeper, so Liverpool lack that running No. 8 who can arrive in the box. Bellingham has got that power, that burst, that drive that can leave someone for dead. ‘He ticks all those boxes but it’s important we don’t become obsessed with one midfielder. It’s Liverpool Football Club, everyone around the world knows that Liverpool will be looking and scouting for midfielders.’ While joining Liverpool is an appealing proposition, targets may be put off by the club’s current struggles. Under Jurgen Klopp, Liverpool have slipped to ninth in the Premier League and look set to miss out on Champions League football next season, unless they win the competition this term. Asked whether Bellingham might be concerned by Liverpool’s trajectory, Gerrard responded: ‘The timing of your question is not fair because we’re down in the middle of the table right now. ‘But I’m sure Jude’s bright enough to realise that Liverpool have got one of the best managers in the world and they’ve got a fabulous record of developing players. ‘I want him! All he needs to do is send his diary and let me know when he’s got a free day. I’ll fly to Dortmund personally and take him out for a nice dinner and we’ll talk about it!’ Real Madrid, Barcelona and Bayern Munich have also been linked with a sensational move for Bellingham but Gerrard believes the England star should join a Premier League club. He added: ‘I think it’s important he stays in this country. You talk about Madrid, Barcelona and Bayern, I know he’s doing it at Dortmund now but they are bigger clubs that you could get swallowed up by if you go their too soon. ‘In my opinion, coming back to England where he can evolve is very important right now.’ MORE : Graham Potter explains decision to bench new Chelsea signing vs Liverpool MORE : Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp gives update on James Milner’s future For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 