A man with his surname tattooed on his face has posted ‘HMP livin’ images on Facebook despite being caught after a national police appeal to track him down. Kieran ‘Bondy’ Bond is shown in one photograph flashing the middle finger at the camera while in a cell with three other inmates. Another image of the 19-year-old behind bars is captioned ‘HMP Forest Bank’, a Category B men’s private prison in Greater Manchester, and also included the message ‘only time will tell’. An earlier message on his Facebook account, posted on Sunday, reads: ‘‘They got me still got the phone tho hahahahhahah free me up’ along with a laughing emoji. Bond was the focus of the British Transport Police (BTP) appeal after failing to turn up to court to face two allegations relating to possessing and threatening the use of an offensive weapon. His mugshot was released by the force on December 29, showing his distinctive tattoo – which reads ‘Bondy’ – above his right eye. The calligraphy-style inking is visible in the pictures on his Facebook profile showing him behind bars. They were uploaded this morning, with the group image captioned ‘HMP livin’, but it is not known when they were taken. Responding to Bond’s ‘they got me’ post on New Year’s Day, a friend wrote: ‘Lmfao. The cops came here looking for you! ‘Take care lad and hope to see you soon bruv.’ Another reply reads: ‘Free Kieran 1000%’ The profile includes a number of other updates over the festive period and posts from friends about the police appeal. Police had charged Bond, of Stafford, following an incident on a train near Cannock railway station on March 29. The BTP appeal was launched after he failed to appear at Cannock Magistrates’ Court on October 26. The image released last week showed him with his surname clearly inked above his eye in thick calligraphy font. A spokesperson for the BTP said today that after the appeal ran ‘officers were made aware’ that Bond had been arrested on December 24. He appeared at Manchester Magistrates’ Court two days later on one count of possession of an offensive weapon and another of threatening behaviour with an offensive weapon. Bond was remanded in custody until a further hearing on December 30, where he was granted conditional bail ahead of his next appearance at the Cannock court next week. A spokesperson for HMP Forest Bank said: ‘The use of mobile phones in any prison is illegal, and we constantly review our activity to tackle the issue. ‘Where individual prisoners are identified, action is taken.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.