Friday the 13th lived up to its name for one unlucky woman who says it felt like an ‘earthquake’ when a tree fell onto her roof in high winds. Lesley Allen, 66, says her Matlock home now resembles something out of a ‘disaster movie’ after the 50-metre-tall beech tree smashed into it during the early hours of Friday. The retired teacher thinks someone could have been killed if they were walking past her house at the time. She said she’s been urging Derbyshire Dales District Council to remove the trees for five to six years now but they have preservation orders on them. Recalling the impact, Lesley said: ‘Luckily I was awake in bed at the time, then all of a sudden I heard this cracking, and you know when you know instantly? I thought, “It’s the tree”. ‘It felt like an earthquake, it hit the corner of my roof directly over my bedroom and tiles came off and hit the conservatory. ‘They also damaged a patio cover on the side. I’ve only got a smallish garden and it’s covered entirely now.’ The fallen tree has also caused further mayhem around the area which Lesley feels could have been prevented. ‘There’s also a lane blocked on the road and nobody can get through,’ she continued. ‘If it had come down whilst somebody was walking by they would’ve been killed. I’ve been on about it for years – it’s so frustrating. ‘There are still trees in that plot that are worrying now and others could come down, but I can’t do anything to them. It’s like a disaster movie here.’ Liberal Democrat Derbyshire Dales district councillor for the ward, Martin Burfoot, said: ‘I have the utmost sympathy for Lesley, who has been aware of the danger posed by the offending TPO-protected trees for at least the past year or so. ‘Most of the trees are at least 120 years old. ‘The two trees concerned have fallen across an important public footpath, which will obviously remain closed for the foreseeable future. ‘I trust Guinness Housing will take the necessary steps, together with the district council, to ensure that future risks are minimised. Lesley should not have to suffer any more unnecessary stress in the future.’ A spokesperson for Guinness Housing confirmed at 1pm yesterday (January 13) that a representative was at Ms Allen’s address organising the removal of the tree. Derbyshire Dales District Council has also been contacted for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.