I doubt there isn’t a single one of us who hasn’t tightened their belt, felt the pinch, and worried about their finances recently – with no sign of this troubled phase ending soon. Have a little faith in the cosmos and put luck on your side by adopting a few magic rituals and practices that might just have a positive impact, not only on your fortunes but your mental outlook on it all too. Sometimes, just feeling like we are doing something tangible makes a difference. And who knows, something here might really work for you… There are certain times of the year, month and week that have planetary associations linked to luck, money, fortune and opportunity. Aligning your important financial activities or decisions to these charged times might just give whatever you do a healthy dose of good luck and cosmic power. Aries season (March 21 – April 20) is the zodiac New Year because Aries is the first sign. Aries is ruled by Mars which governs ambitions, passion and power. This is a great four-week window to apply for a promotion, pitch something, go for a new role or upgrade, ask for more rewards or money, expand your horizons, start a new venture. The New Moon, which rolls around every month sometime close to the 20th, is the time for activation, initiation, creation and starting something bold or risky. New Moons bring a mini surge of good fortune and therefore you should align fresh starts and application with them. Jupiter rules over Thursdays. Jupiter governs good luck, abundance, wealth, opportunity (it’s why Sagittarians always land on their feet). Time your bold leaps to a Thursday. Venus rules over Fridays. Venus, as well as governing love and romance, also covers money and indulgence, so Friday is the day to make a little treat go a long way. Spend on yourself on a Friday (within budget) and feel extra good about it, as Venus smiles on a (mini) splurge. Affirmations are an accessible, free, easy and immediate way to change your mood, outlook and therefore the energy you’re projecting out into the world… which attracts what you receive. Affirmations should be said out loud three times in the morning, at lunchtime and at night. They stop the internal chatter or negativity of our own mind and reset the program to a positive nature. Some appropriate ones relating to money and wealth are suggested below: Keep a Citrine crystal handy. Citrine is known as the ‘money stone’ and its most potent power is in amplifying willpower and motivation, so it helps you to focus on a goal, specifically financial milestones like saving, investing, resisting spending urges. Keep it close by to temper your spontaneous splurges and spending sprees. Keep a Calcite close by to ease your money issues. Calcite is said to release money-related emotional blockages that could, in themselves, be the root cause of your lack of abundance. Sleep with it under your pillow to release your fears. Carry an Aventurine to help curb your enthusiasm. Envy is the enabler of many a spending spree, trying to keep up with someone else, coveting another’s status. Aventurine helps to dissolve jealousy and the need to compare yourself to others. It will help you stay on track with your savings and investment plans to help create that safety net of security. To craft an abundance spell, all you need are some coins (the more valuable the better) and a white candle. Light the candle, close your eyes, and visualise your financial ideals and goals. Take the coins and scatter them somewhere they won’t be disturbed (under your bed or a rug, or at the bottom of your closet), repeating ‘scatter money on the floor, watch it come through the door’. Repeat the process ten times around your home. And then chill whilst you wait for the cash to walk in through the door. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2023 MORE : All the key astrological dates in January – and what they mean for you