Former Tottenham and Paris Saint-Germain manager Mauricio Pochettino is open to replacing under-fire Graham Potter at Chelsea, according to reports. Ex-Brighton boss Potter is under huge pressure at Stamford Bridge, with Chelsea slipping to 10th in the Premier League – 10 points outside the Champions League places – during his tenure. Chelsea initially impressed after Potter replaced Thomas Tuchel but results fell away before the World Cup and the Blues have continued to struggle since the resumption of the Premier League. The Sun say Chelsea’s board are already considering Potter’s future, although they are expected to give the 47-year-old the rest of January to turn things around. Still, Potter’s departure from Stamford Bridge would not come as a huge surprise and it is claimed ex-Spurs boss Pochettino is waiting in the wings if Chelsea are in the market for a new manager. Pochettino has already managed two Premier League clubs – Tottenham and Southampton – and it was believed his affiliation to Spurs would prevent him from joining another London club. But The Sun say Pochettino would be willing to take over at Chelsea, with the Argentine still owning a house in London and spending a lot of time in the English capital. The 50-year-old was most recently in charge of Paris Saint-Germain, where he ended his managerial trophy drought by winning the Ligue 1 title. Before his spell at PSG, Pochettino enjoyed five largely successful years at Tottenham and guided Spurs to the Champions League final in 2019. After Chelsea’s latest defeat – a humbling 4-0 loss to Manchester City in the FA Cup – Potter said: ‘The results in a small space of time are not positive. ‘You can make excuses and look for reasons or say it isn’t good enough. Both of those answers are correct. ‘We have to keep improving and stick together because clearly we are suffering as a football club and it’s not nice at all. But that’s where we are at the moment. ‘We can’t do anything apart from do our jobs better and work harder. You understand the supporters’ frustration, we respect that. But our job is to keep working.’ MORE : Enzo Fernandez hints he’s rejecting Chelsea with Benfica celebration MORE : Chelsea interest in Mudryk only ‘exploratory’ as Arsenal close in on deal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 