Sparks may fly as Venus is faced with Uranus’ energies of innovation and rebellion. Taurus may be tempted to do or say something outrageous, and Gemini mixing with the right people could enable fresh ideas to bubble up. Leo, who could be in the mood to skip responsibilities, is advised to not let anyone down, while Capricorn’s crazy idea could gain traction. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for January 14, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Like someone, but don’t know how to relate to them? Don’t let this stop you from making a new friend. With the Moon linking to Saturn, there may seem to be some reserve encouraging you to want to lighten the mood. As awkward as being with them could feel, continuing the conversation might bring up all kinds of subjects that really appeal. Soon you’ll be chatting away, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You’re in the spotlight, and with Venus angling towards Uranus, you may be tempted to do or say something outrageous. Appear too rigid and uptight though, and it will have the opposite effect. Allow some sparkle into the mix, and it can make a pleasant difference. Let some of your quirks and peccadilloes show up more often. Someone might find them refreshing, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 As Venus faces-off with the innovative energies of Uranus, mixing with the right people enables you to see things in a way that allows for fresh ideas to bubble up. This is just as well, as other cosmic forces suggest you may have reached what seemed like a dead end recently. This disruptive angle could stir things up, and you might find that destiny also plays its hand today. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Dealing with uncomfortable feelings? If so, you may be tempted to shop, connect with friends or invite other distractions into your life as a way to plaster over them. The current edgy line-up encourages you to accept matters you cannot change, as this might do more to resolve this problem than running away from it. Plus, someone’s suggestion can be like a bolt from the blue. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Want to be free of restrictions? With Venus squaring-off with Uranus, you’ll be in the mood to skip responsibilities and do something more to your liking. It could backfire, though, if you let someone down. It’s wise to put in the effort and get anything important out of the way. When it’s time to let your hair down, you can do so with a vengeance and really enjoy yourself, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 In the mood to try something different? If you’re tired of the same old routine, a break could refresh you. Make a point of doing something completely different this weekend. It will get you out of a rut, and might have a positive impact. Say yes to something that normally you’d ignore, or try out an experience that takes you out of your comfort zone. The effect could be dazzling. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Doubts about yourself and your worth may still rise to the surface, even though you’ve come a long way in this regard. There might be times when you feel your gifts are not as special as those of others, and that nobody will be interested in what you do. Nothing could be further from the truth, Libra. Take a leap of faith and showcase your skills. You may get a pleasant surprise. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Whatever you’ve been putting off, consider just diving in and getting on with it, Scorpio. If you do, the momentum will soon pick up and you may begin to enjoy it. This can apply to household tasks that have been calling out to you, only for you to ignore them. Promise yourself a special treat if you finish them. Make it something you’ll look forward to, then make a start. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 As a sign, you can be very blunt at times, but today you could surpass yourself, Archer. If you disapprove of something or someone, your reaction might be unforgettable. And not everyone will be pleased. But they’ll acknowledge you have a point, and be ready to talk about it. If this is something you’ve fumed over for a while, you’ll be delighted you’ve finally been heard. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A crazy idea could gain traction, and before you know it, you’ll be off on the trail of an adventure. You won’t care about the cost, as long as you enjoy yourself. This is one of those times when it’s better to have the experience than to be sensible. What you get out of it may open your eyes to opportunities you’ve never considered, and you’ll be so pleased about this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 As Venus in your sign angles towards Uranus, you could have quite an impact on others this weekend. Your influence may be similar to a piece of modern art or some jazz music. People can be intrigued and yet challenged by the things you say and do. And they’ll be drawn to get to know you romantically, do deals with you or collaborate because you’re so very refreshing. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You’ll have a strange way of putting things across, so friends may be uncertain if you’re inspired or joking. Conversations can have a strange lilt about them, and those you connect with could be intrigued or feel that your words are somehow prophetic. With a Venus/Uranus angle on the go, this is a time of new possibilities and change, so be open to exciting opportunities this weekend. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 8 to January 14 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of January 2022