Kanye West is reportedly the main suspect in a battery investigation as he is accused of grabbing a phone from a woman’s hands and throwing it away. The musician, 44, was seen on camera arguing with a woman who refused to stop video recording or taking photographs of him as ‘you’re a celebrity.’ In the video, posted by TMZ, West grabs the woman’s phone, who is sitting in a car in a parking lot, and throws it away before walking towards his own vehicle. It is unclear whether the woman is a professional photographer or a citizen looking to get footage of celebrities, however she was also snapped in the background of photos of Kim Kardashian in the same area. In photos from the incident, the photographer in question can also be seen walking across a parking lot while escorted by two officers. TMZ reports that a law enforcement source confirmed West has been named as the suspect in a battery investigation. The Ventura County Sheriff’s Department were called to the scene at around 4.30pm local time an officers were shown a video of the incident, the outlet went on. Both West and ex-wife Kardashian were in the area as their son Saint, seven, had a basketball game, with West in attendance with new ‘wife’ Bianca Censori. Kardashian could be seen wearing matching sports gear, her hair tied back and large sunglasses on her face as she made her way into the building while glancing at her phone. The as-yet unnamed photographer involved in the altercation with West could be seen in the background, holding up her phone as if recording, and a professional camera around her neck. Kardashian was accompanied to the game with sister Khloe Kaardashian’s ex and father of her two children, Tristan Thompson. The famous family have rallied around Thompson since the sudden death of his mother, Andrea, with Khloe herself admitting she was finding it difficult to accept her children’s grandmother was gone. She was later pictured inside watching the game with other parents, each of them sitting on foldaway chairs. Controversial rapper West’s divorce from Kardashian was finalised a few months ago, after the reality TV icon filed in 2021 after six years of marriage. It is unclear how long Ye, has known his new ‘wife’ Bianca, or when they started dating, but she joined the Yeezy company in November 2020 and became the head of architecture. The pair have been tight-lipped about their relationship, and have not yet confirmed that they are indeed married, and they don’t seem to have filed a marriage certificate to make their nuptials legal. But West’s new song, Censori Overload (pun likely intended) would suggest otherwise, as the star raps about his ‘wife’ and references marriage throughout. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for West and Kardashian for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Baddiel calls Kanye West a ‘danger to my children’ following antisemitic comments MORE : Australian minister suggests Kanye West could be denied entry into country following antisemitic comments  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 