Only Fools and Horses star Patrick Murray has revealed he has had a part of his liver and a tumour removed after his second cancer diagnosis. The 66-year-old, who is best known for playing wide-boy Mickey Pearce in the beloved sitcom, was diagnosed with lung cancer in July 2021 and underwent an operation in October to remove the tumour. He then told fans he was cured and that the tumour in his liver was shrinking in May last year. However, in a new update to fans, Patrick shared the sad news: ‘I am going home today. ‘Minus half a liver and a tumour that the wonderful Prof Heaton removed last week. ‘I kept this under my hat that they’d discovered another primary cancer last year. ‘I am a two person, that’s for sure. High fives to all at Kings College Hospital.’ This comes after Patrick announced in January 2022 that he had been diagnosed with lung cancer after doctors had found a malignant tumour. Five months later, he told fans he was ‘cured’. ‘Last friday l saw my oncologist She told me the lung cancer was cured and that the tumour in my liver was shrinking [sic].’ He added: ‘It’s not over yet , but as you can imagine I am over the moon with this latest news. ‘Thanks to the brilliant doctors and nurses of our NHS, I will hopefully I be there, at next years convention [sic].’ Shortly before sharing that update, Murray had explained that he had gone through chemotherapy to prevent the cancer from returning, writing at the time: ‘During this chemo , another tumour was discovered in my liver. ‘Luckily for me this cancer was unconnected to the lung cancer and was also treatable. I had a procedure called TACE to deal with this.’ TACE (transarterial chemoembolisation) is a treatment for liver cancer that uses a combination of chemotherapy and an agent (small plastic beads) to block the blood vessels supplying the tumour (embolisation). This treatment is usually used to control the cancer, rather than cure it. Patrick played Mickey in 20 episodes of Only Fools and Horses, which ran for 22 years on BBC One until 2003, and was known for his petty crime and dealing black market goods. Once the iconic series ended, Murray went on to star in big screen movies such as The Firm and Curse of The Pink Panther, but he later quit acting and worked as a taxi driver in Kent. He was later forced to retire completely due to health issues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Only Fools and Horses creator planned further episode of prequel Rock & Chips before his death MORE : Only Fools and Horses creator planned further episode of prequel Rock & Chips before his death 