A former deputy sheriff will spend the rest of his life in jail after pleading guilty to several sex crimes. This included putting his sperm into a cake his wife had made for her students at the school she taught at. Dennis Perkins, 46, from Louisiana, was given a 100-year sentence and follows in the footsteps of wife Cynthia, 37, who was sentenced to 41 years in prison in February for pleading guilty to her role in her husband’s crimes. The pair were involved in producing child pornography and as part of her sentencing, Cynthia agreed to testify against her husband. As he left court in Livingston Parish on Tuesday, he said: ‘I just want to make this statement. Jesus Christ has forgiven me. And I’m grateful for that. ‘And, I hope and pray that anybody that this affected will also find forgiveness and healing through Jesus Christ.’ At the hearing, one of his victims gave a statement saying: ‘You’re absolutely not worth my time. Instead of protecting, you chose abuse. Have a nice life in prison.’ The victim said they hope Perkins spends the rest of his days living in fear, WAFB reports. Perkins entered the plea to one count of second-degree rape, two counts of sexual battery of a child, one count of video voyeurism, two counts of production of child porn involving children under age 13 and one count of mingling of harmful substances. The plea agreement was forged so young victims in the case would not have to testify. Prosecutors said they met with each victim to get approval to go forward with the plea deal. Perkins and his wife were first arrested in 2019 when authorities found a photo of the pair naked with a child after receiving a tip from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. After the arrest, Perkins was fired from his job and Cynthia stepped down from her role as a teacher. Cynthia filed for divorce shortly after the arrest, claiming Dennis had manipulated her into committing the crimes. It was alleged a dad of one of the children who ate the cupcakes fell into deep depression and couldn’t find work afterwards. Another lawsuit claimed a child and parent suffered with their mental health and couldn’t sleep. In another lawsuit filed last May, a student’s parents alleged Cynthia showed the girl inappropriate images, and she also photographed and filmed the child. All four lawsuits, which were filed separately, accused the Livingston Parish School Board of negligence. Perkins was investigated when rape allegations were made against him by a Baton Rouge police officer in 2014, but this did not result in any charges. At the time of Cynthia’s sentencing, Louisiana attorney general Jeff Landry said: ‘Today, Cynthia Perkins admitted to her crimes and pled guilty in court. She not only waived any right to appeal, and attempt to avoid conviction, but she also spared the victims from reliving her horrific crimes during this particular trial.’ Cynthia had to agree to certain facts in the case such as assisting her husband in the sexual assault of a juvenile, helping him film a juvenile while bathing, and lacing desserts with his semen before giving them to school-aged children. She issued a lengthy apology to the victims, her friends and family before her sentencing. ‘I would also like to apologise to my three children. I haven’t spoken to them in three years. I love them and I miss them, and I’m sorry,’ she said. But a child of Cynthia’s from a previous marriage described her in a letter as a ‘horrible’ and ‘manipulative’ mum. In May last year another woman, Melanie Curtin, was sentenced to life in prison after it emerged Dennis and Cynthia Perkins were in possession of a video showing Curtin raping a child in their home. During her trial, the victim said: ‘When I saw parts of the video, I wanted to literally die.’ The victim said she had been drinking alcohol with Dennis and Curtin when the attack took place. Curtin and Dennis had previously been in a relationship. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.