We are in love with Andrew Garfield and Amelia Dimoldenberg’s flirty, *cough*, friendship. After Amelia and 39-year-old actor Andrew’s super flirty exchange at the Golden Globes, the Chicken Shop Date star, 28, has shared proof of their close relationship with the ‘best friend certificate’ he signed for her on the night. The pair set pulses racing with their flirtatious banter at the event in Los Angeles and, after many laughs, Amelia finished by asking the actor for his autograph on a piece of paper which she claimed read: ‘Best friend certificate.’ And, well, it’s definitely real, as she has now proved. The video of the interview went viral after fans on Twitter proclaimed it one of the cutest things of the year so far. One fan wrote: ‘I literally had to pause halfway through to take a breath bc I was blushing too hard.’ Getting a little over-excited, others said the stars were meant to be. A second person said ‘i think?????? youre in love???? with each other???’ whilst another simply joked: ‘Amelia Garfield.’ The pair giggled coyly throughout the exchange and hit it off big time, even though they had only met once before a few months ago, again on the red carpet at GQ’s Men Of The Year awards. Although Amelia is always fronting her persona as an awkward flirt made famous in her hysterical Chicken Shop Dates, where she takes celebs to late-night takeaway spots and asks them questions like, ‘What’s your favourite colour?’, the chemistry seemed genuine with Andrew. One person on Twitter pointed out that Andrew was particularly smitten, and wrote: ‘he is devastatingly into you. marry now.’ The pair met on the red carpet as they both awkwardly tried to shuffle over to one another for a chat. Amelia told him to ‘just stand and be normal,’ to which Andrew replied she was the weird one and looked like a ‘capybara in the wild’ trying to grab his attention. ‘We must stop meeting like this’, joked Amelia, and then came one of the best moments of the interview when Andrew seemingly nervously blurted out, ‘I only ever want to see you.’ Confusion and hilarity ensued, as Andrew tried to explain how that wasn’t supposed to be the end of his sentence (tell us another one, Spider-Man). The irreverent journalist then asked the actor if he would like to come to her birthday party later in the month – a classic Dimoldenberg chat-up line. Playing it cool, Andrew replied by informing Amelia their star signs are fated to be together, and he was ‘scared of what it could turn into’ if they dated. Yikes – we know the two were just having a laugh, but it’s hard to ignore their chemistry. Well, at least they have a bit of friendly signed paper – for now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Andrew Garfield fans reckon he is ‘so in love’ with Amelia Dimoldenberg after very flirty Golden Globes interview MORE : Lisa Marie Presley was unsteady and ‘spoke very slowly’ in last ever interview at Golden Globes: ‘Something was off’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.