Actress Eva Green said it was ‘very humiliating’ to have her WhatsApp messages read out loud in her High Court battle with a production company over a failed sci-fi film. The Casino Royale star, 42, was due to play the lead role in A Patriot but the production collapsed in October 2019. She is suing production company White Lantern Film, claiming she is entitled to her million-dollar (£810,000) fee for the abandoned project despite its cancellation. White Lantern Film brought a counterclaim against the French actress, alleging she undermined the independent film’s production, made ‘excessive creative and financial demands’ and had expectations ‘incompatible’ with the movie’s budget. In text messages used in the production company’s claim, Eva is said to refer to one of the film’s executive producers, Jake Seal, as a ‘devious sociopath’, ‘pure vomit’ and ‘a liar and a mad man’. The actress’s barrister Edmund Cullen KC previously told the High Court in London the case is ‘designed to paint my client as a diva to win headlines and damage her reputation’. On the second day of Eva’s evidence – on Tuesday – Max Mallin KC for White Lantern Film asked the actress about a message in which she called Jake ‘evil’ and said she had to ‘get out’ of the project. Denying she meant she was withdrawing from the film, Eva replied: ‘If I really wanted to pull out, I would have asked my agent to do so in a legal way.’ ‘Are you accustomed to simply lying in casual WhatsApp messages?’, barrister Max asked. The star said she had a ‘very direct way of saying things’. She shared: ‘I was not expecting to have my WhatsApp messages exposed in court. It’s very humiliating. ‘Sometimes you say things you don’t mean. ‘You say you hate a person and you say, “I’m going to kill this person”. ‘Are you going to kill this person? No. It’s a cry from the heart.’ The French actress then referenced comments made by her Casino Royale co-star and former James Bond actor Daniel Craig. She continued on: ‘Daniel Craig said, “I would rather slash my wrists than do another Bond movie”. He did honour his contract and did another Bond movie and didn’t slash his wrists. ‘I know this story very well because I know Daniel.’ The actress told the court while she did not want to work with Jake and his team, she would not have broken her contract. Eva revealed she hadn’t been called to the set for rehearsals and said: ‘If I had been called to set, I would have done this film even though it would have been a disaster. ‘I would have done this cheap B movie because it was in my contract,’ she added. In her written evidence to the court, the actress explained: ‘I couldn’t imagine abandoning the film as it would have been like abandoning my baby. ‘It still feels that way.’ She later denied undermining the production, telling the court: ‘I didn’t have to do anything to make the film fail… they made it fail on their own with their incompetence.’ During the first day of her evidence on Monday, the court was told Eva described potential crew members under Jake’s plans as ‘sh***y peasants… from Hampshire’. Asked about her use of the phrase, the actress shared: ‘I have nothing against peasants… I wanted to work with a high-quality crew who just wanted to be paid standard industry rates.’ The court also heard that in a message to her agent, Eva expressed: ‘I am very worried, they are super weak and stupid.’ The production company’s representative suggested the message was ‘presumably’ about producer Adam Merrifield and writer and director Dan Pringle. Eva replied: ‘I don’t know … it’s my Frenchness coming out sometimes.’ She added: ‘Sometimes you say things you don’t actually mean. Of course they are not weak and stupid.’ Eva finished her evidence on Tuesday, with Mr Merrifield due to continue his evidence on Thursday. A ruling on the case is expected at a later date. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eva Green responds to claims of ‘excessive demands’ and insists she didn’t abandon film at centre of High Court battle MORE : Bond star Eva Green ‘being painted as a diva’ as she demands payment in legal battle over movie collapse 