This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. Whether your resolution is to eat healthier or cook more, Aldi has you covered this week, with a range of products designed to level up your kitchen skills. Many of the items that have sold out online can still be purchased in store – including a heated clothes airer that’s proven extremely popular – so head to the supermarket if you want further bargains. Remember that chopper tool that was all over TikTok? This is a super affordable dupe, making kitchen prep easier than ever. Simply put your ingredient over the grille, then push down and instantly dice. Buy for £5.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Kick start your health kick with this NutriBullet tool that’s easy to clean thanks to a self contained pulp basin and a no-drip spout. With two speed functions, it can hold up to 30 apples or 20 carrots, and comes with a range of attachments to get started. Buy for £74.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Prefer your nutrients a little less liquefied? No worries this this electric grill, which healthily cooks everything from veg to meat. The design allows excess fat to drip away, while a floating hinge and automatic temperature control gives you personalised results. Buy for £24.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Ideal for warming lunches during these chilly winter months, this soup maker makes four portions of soup without the need for multiple pots and gadgets. Put your veg and stock in, then use one of its six preset programmes for blended, hot soup without any extra effort. Buy for £34.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : ‘Shop your stash’ to get more out of your makeup without spending a penny MORE : Start this easy savings challenge now to put away £1,620 by next Christmas