Comparing managers to birds, a good boss is akin to a trained falcon. They spot predators (problems) from afar and catch them with ease, are extremely loyal, and deal in absolutes rather than ambiguity so everybody’s on the same page. Bad managers, however, are more like seagulls, swooping in and making a mess for everyone else to clear up. The analogy was coined in Ken Blanchard’s 1985 book, Leadership and the One Minute Manager, where he joked: ‘Seagull managers fly in, make a lot of noise, dump on everyone, then fly out.’ A seagull boss is one who only interacts with employees when there’s a problem. They stay out of the nitty gritty of the work until they spy a chance to play the hero or take some credit. Like the gulls in Finding Nemo, ‘mine’ is a common refrain. Then comes the squawking. The seagull manager doesn’t offer ongoing feedback on their team’s work, but you best believe they’ll take the opportunity to loudly point out any mistakes. After raising attention to others’ shortfalls, they next try to come up with solutions to bring the spotlight back to them. It doesn’t matter if their ideas are haphazard, convoluted, or even their own; they’ll leave the team to implement them anyway. Unsurprisingly, it’s not good for a workforce to have a seagull manager in charge. There are ramifications for businesses too. Vicky Walker, Director of People at Westfield Health tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Employees who feel they’re not being heard or aren’t valued won’t be motivated to perform at their best. ‘Over time, this lack of engagement combined with low morale and performance affects what both the team and business can deliver. Poor management directly contributes to poor business performance. ‘If “seagull bosses” or other negative behaviours are allowed to continue unchecked, those with a more positive approach will leave – it becomes a vicious circle of toxic culture and poor performance.’ Birds of a feather flock together. And if you’re not in a seagull manager’s clique, you’re a potential target. Perhaps you have a seagull boss in your workplace, or are reading this and seeing a few similarities in your own behaviour. It’s an awkward thing to contemplate, but awareness of mistakes is key to solving them – and if that’s the style of management you were taught early on in your career, it’s understandable you’ve picked up unhealthy habits. According to Vicky, the first step towards a happier environment at work is identifying negativity. Bad behaviour can then be nipped in the bud on a company-wide level. ‘Having a clear set of company values is a great way to do this,’ she explains. ‘Just as KPIs let people know what they need to deliver, clear, visible company values set expectations on how people perform their role in a constructive, positive way that benefits the whole company.’ On a personal level, Stuart Templeton, Head of Slack UK says that the best way managers can avoid becoming seagulls themselves is by fostering clear communication and nurturing trust. He tells Metro.co.uk: ‘One way to achieve this is by embracing open-door leadership – where everyone is encouraged to have a voice – and sharing decision-making with teams. ‘Transparency is key to great leadership; in fact, Future Forum’s latest Pulse Report found people who believe their leaders are transparent report more than six times as high satisfaction with their workplace.’ Thanks to modern technology, this is easier than ever before – even for remote workforces. Stuart recommends a ‘digital first approach’ where leaders ‘hold virtual “ask me anything” sessions, create communication channels for leadership updates, and ensure company alignment while being more accessible.’ Since managers can no longer rely on seeing staff in passing and casually chatting through issues, it’s crucial they make the effort to reach out in a no-pressure way. Then, employees can come to them rather than feeling monitored with constant requests for updates. ‘With open-door leadership and the right toolst, more workers can have their voices heard,’ says Stuart. ‘They can contribute towards decisions, and they’ll feel happier and more engaged as a result.’ He adds: ‘Rather than flying off alone as seagull bosses, leaders should stay grounded and open doors, digital and physical, to create high-performing and happy teams.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘We almost always say ‘yes’ to our kids – they should be allowed to express themselves’ MORE : Three quarters of UK workers to job hunt this January – with almost 10% looking to move industry, says research