This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Kate Middleton’s style is seriously covetable – and her red carpet wardrobe is surprisingly easy to emulate. At a BAFTA event to launch her Shaping Up early years campaign, the Princess of Wales wore a sharply tailored, all red ensemble. The scarlet suit was by Alexander McQueen, made with Italian crepe and featuring an asymmetrical button closure. She paired the striking two-piece with matching accessories – Katherine is known for her love of tonal complimentary shades – and some standout jewellery by London-based design studio CHALK. The Florence earrings are part of the brand’s Regency collection, described as ‘timeless’ by founder Malaika. More importantly for anyone who wants to get Kate Middleton’s exact look, they’re only £75. The Princess, 41, has worn the pieces before, to a series of engagements to commemorate Windrush Day in June 2022. They were once again making a geometric statement alongside an Alexander McQueen trouser suit, although this time in pristine white. CHALK’s website says of the earrings: ‘The regal forms from the ornate details and geometry found within the Main stage auditorium ceiling of the Royal Opera House has been reimagined throughout this collaboration.’ You may also have been coveting Kate’s crimson suit, which is slightly less budget-friendly at £1,590 for the blazer and £590 for the trousers. Never fear, though, as the high street is packed with similar options for every price range. The royal herself has been known to wear a red blazer by Zara, and is often spotted in pieces from the likes of Jigsaw, Whistles, Boden, & Other Stories, and LK Bennett. Try these ruby-hued suits for a regal look that won’t break the bank. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Cloud skin’ is the latest matte foundation trend – and there’s no need to be wary MORE : Just when you thought you’d seen it all at Paris Fashion Week, we give you the ‘upside-down gown’