West Ham co-owner David Gold has died aged 86 following a short illness. Gold was a lifelong West Ham supporter and was a key part of the club’s takeover in 2010 alongside his co-chairman David Sullivan. He also spent 12 years as Birmingham City’s chairman before he sold his shares in 2009. Gold also owned the parent company of British high-street retailer Ann Summers. A statement from West Ham read: ‘It is with deep sadness that West Ham United FC confirm that our beloved Joint-Chairman David Gold passed away on Wednesday morning following a short illness. ‘David Gold, 86, died peacefully with his devoted daughters, Jacqueline and Vanessa, and his fiancée Lesley, by his side. ‘A lifelong and ardent West Ham United fan, David Gold was born in Stepney in September 1936 and grew up at 442 Green Street, directly opposite the Boleyn Ground. As a promising young schoolboy player, he represented the Club’s boys’ team between the ages of 13 and 16 and later appeared in the youth team. ‘After forging a career as a hugely successful businessman, his life came full circle in January 2010 when he became Joint-Chairman of West Ham United following the successful takeover that helped to steady the ship and protect the Club’s future during a period of great financial uncertainty.’ West Ham’s joint-chairman David Sullivan said: ‘On behalf of everyone at the football club, it is with profound sorrow and a heavy heart that we mourn the passing of our colleague and friend, David Gold. ‘Of all our joint ventures, none gave us more pride and happiness than the day we took ownership of West Ham United, our Club, in January 2010. David had a long-standing connection with the Hammers, having grown up opposite the Boleyn Ground in Green Street, and represented the Club at junior level. He always wanted what was best for West Ham United, and his passing is a great loss for all of us.’ West Ham manager David Moyes said: ‘I am extremely sad to hear this news and, on behalf of all of the players and my staff at the training ground, I would like to extend our deepest sympathies to David Gold’s family at this very difficult time. ‘Mr Gold was a regular visitor to Rush Green and always a source of great support and encouragement to myself and the players. ‘It was clear that he had a genuine and sincere love for the Club and was a true supporter at heart. ‘He took a great interest in the people working behind-the-scenes and was always keen to help in any way he could. He will be greatly missed.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 