A major incident has been declared by Jersey’s government after heavy rain sparked dramatic flooding. The Grands Vaux reservoir has overflowed, with water spilling out into the immediate area. Dozens of locals are being evacuated from their homes, which are underwater. Thirty-nine households have been evacuated, while more are expected to be moved. Some schools have been closed as it’s ‘not safe’ for children to go to classes. Many roads are also shut as rescue crews spend hours working to clear areas following torrential downpours last night. But people on the island face more floods, with nearly an inch (25mm) more rainfall forecast later. A Tactical Coordination Group consisting of the police, fire and ambulance services, Andium Homes, Jersey Water and Jersey Electricity has been launched. Jersey Water is pumping water from Grands Vaux reservoir into Queen’s Valley reservoir. Any extra overflow will be sent into St Aubin’s Bay. Helier Smith, chief executive of Jersey Water, has cautioned that parents should not allow children to play in flood water due to risk of sewage contamination. Andium Homes, a social housing provider, told ITV they are ‘working very closely with the emergency services to try and assess the current impact’. ‘Our main priority here is our residents… but we’re currently still in the ‘“assessing” process, trying to understand how many people are affected. That’s going to take a little while’, a statement said. An urgent appeal was put out by the Jersey Hospitality Association asking if hotels could provide emergency accommodation for families left homeless. The association said a ‘massive thank you’ after all 40 were sorted in ‘less than an hour’. In a post on its Facebook page this morning, Grands Vaux School said: ‘Please be advised that the roads around school are flooded this morning. ‘They have been closed by the fire brigade as it is not safe and we have been advised to delay opening [the] school.’ The school later added: ‘As has already been advised via email school remains closed. We will update you as soon as we know more.’ The Government of Jersey said a support line has been set up to assist anyone impacted by flash floods. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.