A millionaire is at the centre of a major row over Britain’s biggest tyre dump. Nearby residents claim their health is at risk over the mountain of rubber and the potential dangers it poses. The old tyres began building on the site near Fakenham, Norfolk, more than 20 years ago. New environmental rules mean the tyres should soon be disposed of safely, or be recycled. Residents at Wicken Green on the edge of the airfield – which was used by the Americans during the Second World War – fear that until this happens, they are at real risk. Around 300 villagers live less than 500 metres from the site. Businessman Roger Gawn bought the site in 2009 and is in the process of removing the tyres that came with it – but locals say he hasn’t moved fast enough. Mark White, a local councillor, told the Sun: ‘The tyre mountain is a serious risk to our safety. ‘If they caught fire it would be the biggest environmental disaster East Anglia had ever seen. We live less than half a mile from the heap.’ Mr Gawn is in the process of dismantling the pile of tyres. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘The tyres were put there 20 years ago and I bought the site in 2009, the people here know this. ‘We’ve already moved 400 tonnes from the site – it’s not an easy process. You can’t build an aircraft carrier in a day. ‘I’m doing everything in my power to get rid of the tyres and work with the village.’ Another resident had told the Sun: ‘If it ever caught fire we would have to flee our homes – our village would be covered by a huge poisonous cloud.’ But Mr Gawn explains that a fire would be unlikely. He added: ‘Tyres are highly resistant to fire, if they weren’t then tyres on cars would be catching fire every day. ‘People did raise concerns, especially during summer when it was warmer, but a fire just wouldn’t happen.’ A smaller tyre mountain, more like a mound, sparked similar concerns in Grimsby last year. The pile only appeared outside a terraced house in East Marsh and quickly caused serious concerns. A resident, who wished to remain anonymous, said: ‘If they (tyres) caught fire the toxic fumes would be a huge problem and if it did spread we would struggle to get away from the flames, it is a bit scary really.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.