William Shatner and Elizabeth Martin have reconciled, three years after splitting. The 91-year-old Star Trek actor and his 64-year-old horse trainer spouse first wed in 2001, and she was his fourth wife. William filed for divorce in 2019, which was finalised in 2020. But now, they’ve decided to give their relationship another go, with the Canadian star making no secret of it. ‘My wife… she is the zest of life,’ he praised. ‘She brings the flavour.’ When asked what spice she could be compared to, William quipped to The Mirror: ‘Mustard?’, while Elizabeth said: ‘Cinnamon.’ The pair made their first official outing as a couple since their reconciliation at the Living Legends of Aviation Awards in Beverly Hills. When asked if he is considered a living legend at home as well as at work, William replied: ‘Well, I think getting out of bed every morning and breathing… I am, like, “Wow. I am a legend, I am breathing and I am still alive”.’ Following their separation after 18 years together first time around, reports claimed that, as part of their prenuptial agreement, William paid Elizabeth a lump sum of $2million (£1.6m) but kept most of his $100million (£80m) estate and Star Trek royalties. This included his Studio City home and a ranch in Three Rivers, California, near Sequoia National Park. Meanwhile, Elizabeth received their Malibu Cove home and their house in Versailles, Kentucky, along with a share of her family farm in Indiana. She also kept their 2015 Mercedes Benz ML65, 2007 BMW X5 and a 2004 Ford Explorer. Prior to his romance with Elizabeth, William was married to first wife, Gloria Rand, from 1956 until 1969 and they had three daughters: Leslie, Lisabeth and Melanie. In 1973, he tied the knot with actress Marcy Lafferty, before they divorced in 1996. Then in 1997 he married Nerine Kidd, who died aged 40 in 1999. After a career spanning seven decades, William is a constant presence in Hollywood but, despite being in his nineties, has previously said he has no intention of retiring, despite finding ageing ‘terrifying.’ The actor is best known for his portrayal of James T. Kirk from his 1966 debut as the captain of the starship Enterprise, to his final appearance in 1994. He’s also appeared in Boston Legal, Columbo, both Miss Congeniality movies, and Mission: Impossible. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Faithless star Maxi Jazz laid to rest in London funeral after he died aged 65 MORE : Queen’s Sir Brian May issues urgent plea to fans after Twitter account gets hacked by ‘idiots’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 