Jos Buttler shared a heated exchange with Rassie van der Dussen during South Africa’s series-clinching ODI win over England in Bloemfontein. Van der Dussen was agitated after Buttler brushed past him as he attempted to retrieve the ball. As Buttler returned behind the stumps, he gave the Proteas batter a slight nudge. The pair, who are team-mates at the Indian Premier League, then shared a frosty exchange with Buttler telling Van der Dussen ‘it’s not all about you’ before one of the umpires interjected. The exchange occurred as South Africa chased down 343 to secure a series-clinching win ahead of the third and final ODI on Wednesday. England, who lost the first match by 27 runs, posted a formidable total thanks to Buttler’s unbeaten 94, Harry Brook’s 80 and Moeen Ali’s 51. But South Africa chased the target with five wickets and five balls remaining as captain Temba Bavuma scored a superb century and David Miller (58*), Aiden Markram (49) and Van der Dussen (38) all chipped in with contributions. England skipper Buttler said: ‘South Africa bowled really well early on, so to come back and post 340 was a fantastic effort from the guys. It was a terrific game and a great chase. ‘I thought it was a good score at the halfway stage, and having seen the game the other night, the wicket got tougher, but South Africa chased it really well.’ South Africa’s Bavuma added: ‘It is very special. Playing against England is always a tough ask. ‘Your disciplines are always being tested and it is a good opportunity for us to test our way of playing. Chasing 340 like that will give us a lot of confidence. It was a good day and a good outing for us.’ England are world champions in both T20 and 50-over cricket and will defend their 50-over title at the end of 2023. MORE : Steve Harmison says Jofra Archer is ‘most exciting talent’ since Kevin Pietersen MORE : England star Harry Brook shares disbelief over huge IPL contract For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 