This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Moscato d’Asti is the original ‘puts a smile on your face’ kind of wine. You just can’t help but love it. It smells as fragrant as a summer garden, as fruity as an orchard at harvest time, and perhaps best of all, those clever Italians make it super-low in alcohol too. Usually coming in at 5 per cent, it’s the perfect wine to drink in January when you might be tempted to take things a bit lighter, but don’t want to give up wine altogether. The Moscato grape is also known as Muscat, and it’s a pretty ancient grape, dating back thousands of years. Aside from its impressive history, it’s also famous for making a wine that actually tastes of grapes which, strange as it sounds, isn’t usually the case with other wines. Moscato’s final calling card is this supersonic fragrance, which is thanks to an aromatic compound in the grape called linalool. This gives it the edge when eating any kind of food with Asian spices like cinnamon, cardamom and ginger, as the flavours marry so well together. Moscato d’Asti itself is an ultra-delicious version of Muscat from the Asti region of Piedmont in north west Italy. It’s frizzante, which means it’s lightly sparkling, and together with its delicately sweet tropical flavours, it should be – and the best ones are – fantastically fresh as well, ultimately delivering a really mouth-watering lower alcohol wine that’s delicious at any time of year. I especially like it in the winter for its lighter alcohol, and in the summer for its sunny disposition, so whether you’re wrapped up in a scarf or a sarong, make a move on Moscato d’Asti in 2023. You won’t be disappointed. Find Moscato d’Astis on virginwines.co.uk – to bag some brilliant bargains join the Metro Wine Club. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Dry January 2023: Seven new alcohol-free drinks to enjoy sober MORE : The Metro Wine Club: How cheap and cheerful meals can be elevated by the right wine