Stacey Solomon was grinning from ear to ear as she snapped a blended family photo amid a third pregnancy with husband Joe Swash. The Loose Women panellist proudly showed off her family of six on Instagram with a sweet mirror selfie that featured all four of the couple’s children. With her pregnant belly on display, Stacey stood in the middle of her brood and wore a beige ensemble that consisted of a knit cropped sweater and stone-coloured leggings. The rest of the family followed suit in matching tones of light browns and whites as they gathered around the expectant mum. Stacey and Joe share two children – Rex, two, and baby Rose – while the 33-year-old also has two sons with a former partner, Zach, 14, and Leighton, 10. Joe has a 14-year-old son, Harry, from a previous relationship. Alongside her adorable family photo, the star penned a lengthy caption that offered fans an update on her pregnancy. It read: ‘My Heart. Finally managed to get us all in one picture. It’s the strangest most amazing feeling thinking how they all started out like bump. ‘And now Zach has outgrown us all & Leighton isn’t far behind. And Yes, they asked for a tracksuit for Xmas and i purposely bought them matching ones as a present to myself. ‘When they put them on yesterday I couldn’t resist a picture. Happy Monday Everyone. Lots of love from all of us.’ Fans were quick to comment on the Solomon-Swash household as they smiled for in the former X Factor contestant’s pictures. One wrote: ‘Awww the cuteness of this @staceysolomon can’t believe soon there will be another little pickle [sic].’ Another typed: ‘Absolutely gorgeous photo and beautiful family xxxx [sic]’ This Instagram user noted: ‘aww love this stacey. It’s so crazy to think that soon you’ll be a family of 8 ( well 10 including fur babies) beautiful family xxxx [sic]’. Her group shot came after the TV personality uploaded a bump-date picture that left fans in shock over how much her belly had grown in size. Captioning the post with: ‘Hello little one… Or not so little. Won’t have this bump for long so I’m determined to take more pictures… brushed my hair today so I took the opportunity. Happy Friday everyone [sic]’, the star posed side on to show off her tummy at eight months pregnant. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Stacey Solomon shares she’s having ‘one of the worst days’ – before Joe Swash comes to the rescue MORE : Stacey Solomon argues with Joe Swash over baby scan and someone please give them an answer 