Nick Kyrgios has backed the Australian Open’s decision to ban fans for booing Novak Djokovic and has warned spectators not to ‘cross that line’. Kyrgios and Djokovic were once bitter rivals but are now good friends and are due to play each other in a fundraiser practice match on Friday, with tickets for the clash between the ‘frenemies’ on Rod Laver Arena selling out in 58 minutes. The duo contested the Wimbledon final last year and they are on a collision course to face each other once again in the Australian Open quarter-finals – should both men progress that far – after the draw was made on Thursday. Australian Open organisers have vowed to kick out any fans who may unfairly target Djokovic when the major tournament gets up and running on Monday as the 35-year-old Serbian looks to pull level with Rafael Nadal on 22 major titles. Despite lifting nine men’s singles trophies at Melbourne Park – the most in history – Djokovic has made some enemies Down Under since last year’s political row over coronavirus vaccinations when he travelled out to the Grand Slam in 2022. The 21-time major winner, who refuses to take the Covid-19 vaccine and has been labelled an ‘anti-vax poster boy’, was deported from Australia and barred from playing after spending time locked up in an immigration facility last year despite being handed a medical exemption to enter the country. Kyrgios, meanwhile, who is no stranger to controversy himself and is notorious for his antics on and off the tennis court, has defended the Australian Open’s decision to eject fans for booing Djokovic and feels spectators should respect one of the game’s greatest-ever players. ‘I know people are always going to have people they hate on court and people they love,’ Kyrgios said. ‘I’m one of the players that deals with it everywhere. ‘I would just say Novak’s here and he hasn’t made any rules. He’s here and all he wants to do is put on a show. ‘He’s chasing things that athletes rarely are able to chase, he’s one of the greatest athletes of all time, not just on a tennis court. I know there are going to be people that won’t want him to win but I think they just can’t cross that line as fans.’ In November, Kyrgios apologised to a ‘drunk’ spectator at the 2022 Wimbledon final after claiming she had ‘700 drinks’ when she appeared to heckle him. The fiery Australian is due to appear in a new Netflix tennis documentary – Break Point – with the first episode due to be released on Friday. ‘It wasn’t only for me,’ Kyrgios added. ‘I think it’s in desperate need for the tennis world to get put on the map globally again. ‘Obviously when Novak and (Rafael) Nadal go as well as Roger (Federer). ‘This Netflix (show) is kind of the last hope that tennis is going to be interesting globally on the map for a long, long time. ‘We’ve got a lot of young personalities. I think the first episode is pretty exciting and I think it will keep people interested for sure.’ MORE : Tennis bad boy Nick Kyrgios claims he'll retire if he wins 2023 Australian Open MORE : 'Don't give a f***' - Nick Kyrgios furious after missing out on top award 