Love Island viewers were left in hysterics while also clutching their proverbial pearls after Zara Lackenby-Brown dragged Tom Clare with a savage takedown. The islanders in the South African villa became embroiled in another tense night after Tom’s secret kiss with Ellie Spence was finally exposed to all. In an earlier episode, the semi-professional footballer had snuck a smooch with the law firm executive just hours after he and Zara ended their romance. Ellie then confided in farmer Will Young about their secret rendezvous, but he then told Tanya Manhenga who in turn spilled the hot tea to Zara. Shocked that he had moved on so quickly, Zara then took it upon herself to inform Tom’s other love interest Olivia Hawkins about the kiss. Olivia then confronted Tom and, let’s just say, all hell broke loose from there. Zara grew increasingly incensed with Tom’s constant flip-flopping between the ladies in the villa – he’s also since expressed interest in new bombshell Samie Elishi – and decided to call him out about it. During an explosive row, she told her former beau: ‘You’re community penis, I think you’re playing a game and I hope your parents are proud of you.’ Tom was positiviely fuming and, after Zara walked off, stormed off himself and dramatically ripped off his shirt while saying ‘f**k this’ and being calmed down by the boys. Zara’s words clearly struck a chord as Tom said in the beach hut: ‘My family are always proud of me no matter what I do.’ Reacting to the model’s cutting words, one viewer tweeted: ‘Community penis is going straight into my vocabulary. Thank you Zara.’ Another laughed: ‘I’m still cackling about community penis.’ ‘Not Zara calling Tom community penis infront of everyone,’ one viewer chimed in. One other wrote in hysterics: ‘Community penis has SENT me.’ Tom has found himself in a bit of a pickle after finding himself a single man as he and Zara split earlier in the week. The footballer got in the neck from all angles and even his buddy Shaq Muhammad had to hold him accountable for his behaviour. After Olivia confronted Tom, Shaq walked up to Tom and told him: ‘You’ve got to start being honest bro. ‘Don’t say it’s only a kiss, you can’t say it’s only a kiss, when you’re telling all the boys that you see Ellie as only a friend. ‘If you’ve kissed Ellie, and then, you don’t feel that towards her, do you know what? Sometimes you’ve got to be clear.’ Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Fans beg Love Island’s Lana Jenkins to move on as Ron Hall reveals he’s interested in getting to know Samie Eilishi MORE : Love Island’s Shaq Muhammad applauded for brutally grilling Tom Clare over Ellie Spence kiss 