A serving Metropolitan Police officer is believed to be one of the worst sexual offenders in modern history after admitting 24 counts of rape against 12 women over a 17-year-period. Pc David Carrick, 48, pleaded guilty to a total of 49 offences that took place between 2003 and 2020. Now the force has issued an apology to victims after it emerged Carrick was reported over nine incidents including allegations of rape, domestic violence and harassment between 2001 and 2021. But he faced no criminal sanctions or misconduct findings and was only suspended in October last year after being arrested following a second complaint of rape. London Mayor Sadiq Khan said he was ‘absolutely sickened’ by Carrick’s crimes and said the force must answer ‘serious questions’ over how he was allowed to abuse his position. Rishi Sunak’s official spokesman described the case as ‘appalling’ and said the Prime Minister’s thoughts are with Carrick’s victims. Carrick, who previously served in the armed forces, joined the Met in 2001 before being promoted to an armed officer in the specialist Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command in 2009. He pleaded guilty to a string of offences against a 40-year-old woman in 2003 when he appeared at Southwark Crown Court today. During an earlier appearance at the Old Bailey in December, Carrick admitted 43 charges against 11 other women between March 2004 and September 2020. He met some of his victims on dating sites including Tinder and Badoo, or at social occasions, convincing them he could be trusted because he was a police officer.   Assistant Commissioner, Barbara Gray, commended the ‘outstanding bravery’ of the 13 women who came forward. ‘On behalf of the Metropolitan Police Service, I am truly sorry that they have suffered at the hands of this police officer.’ Police watchdog, the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), said it had written to a number of different forces but no opportunities to stop Carrick earlier have been identified. Two unnamed former Met officers who dealt with a 2002 allegation of assault and harassment against Carrick could have committed misconduct, the IOPC said. However, they are now retired and cannot be sanctioned – so it was ruled not in the public interest to take further action. Detective Chief Inspector Iain Moor, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said he expects more victims to come forward. ‘Whilst he was not a man that stalked the streets scouting for victims – he invested time in developing relationships with women to sustain his appetite for degradation and control. ‘The coercive nature of his offending undermined his victims in the most destructive way,’ Mr Moor said. Carrick’s campaign of ‘relentless manipulation’, sexual abuse and violence saw him lock some of his victims in a small cupboard under the stairs at his Hertfordshire home, likened to a small dog crate, for hours without food. They were also forced to clean the house naked while he taunted them, calling them ‘fat and lazy’ and his ‘slave’. Carrick, who said he was nicknamed ‘Bastard Dave’, also urinated on his victims and whipped one with a belt. He referred to himself as a ‘dominant b******’ while he forced himself on one woman, with a search of his electronic devices later revealing he trawled the internet for ‘rough’ pornography. The victims were controlled financially, isolated from loved ones and forbidden from speaking to other men or their own children. Carrick, who suspended from duty following his arrest, denied a further count of rape in September 2020 relating to a 13th woman, whose allegation sparked the investigation. The Crown Prosecution Service decided it was not in the public interest to proceed to trial on the charge. The judge, Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb, said she will sentence Carrick over two days on February 6. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.