A man was left millimetres from death after he was subjected to a revenge attack by a grieving father, a court has heard. Samson Price, 48, took a machete to Patrick Brown outside a PureGym in Northwich, Cheshire, after stalking him using a tracker in September 2021. He blamed brown for the death of his son, Samson Price Jr, 18, who drowned in a pond in Wigan a year earlier after it is believed he took LSD. Police concluded that his death was an accident but his father refused to accept this and grew in resentment after Brown and two others were released without charge. At the opening of the trial, a jury heard how Price lay in wait outside the gym before raining down five to six blows on his victim. Prior to the assault he had purchased a 16-inch machete and an electronic tracking device which he used to locate Brown. Upon confronting him outside the gym, the jury heard how Price chased Brown while screaming ‘I’ll kill you’ while his victim pleaded for mercy and claimed he ‘didn’t do anything.’ Brown was ‘millimetres from death’ after suffering wounds to his head, face, back, one of his arms and his right leg. One of the blows severed his femur bone and only just missed a major artery- which would have led him to bleed out within minutes, doctors said. Price ran off after the attack and remained at large for three weeks before eventually handing himself in at a police station in Yorkshire, the court heard. Prosecutor Simon Mills said: ‘Samson Price intended to kill Patrick Brown, and he came very close to succeeding. ‘Patrick Brown’s survival was a matter of sheer luck, and prompt medical care.’ Mr Mills said that Price and his wife Rosanna had ‘made it clear to the police that they considered the people who had been arrested were responsible for their son’s death’. He said that the ‘understandable grief and raw emotion of a grieving mother and father’ were shown in messages the couple had exchanged in the weeks before the attack. Price told his wife that he considered himself to have died after his son’s death. He wrote: ‘These feelings are hardest to deal with. Nothing will bring him back. It’s the senselessness, the unfairness and the injustice of it.’ His wife wrote back: ‘We should be rowing and worrying about him going to all these festivals. I cannot get it into my head that he is not here and I will never hear his voice.’ Price added: ‘We have nothing left to look forward to. I consider myself to have died with Samson and I honestly don’t care what happens to me any more.’ The defendant admitted to grievous bodily harm with intent but pleaded not guilty to attempted murder. The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.