This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Concealer is one of the most basic everyday products in a person’s makeup bag, and yet it can be one of the hardest things to get right. We’ve all come home after an evening out to see our concealer has creased, caked, dried out our under eyes, or simply is a shade too light or dark. Rachel Hardie, NARS’ national lead makeup artist, says there are simple tricks to making your concealer work better with your skin so it looks flawless everytime. Though remember, everyone naturally has lines and folds round their eyes – so some level of creasing is to be expected. Remember, you’re working with skin, not plastic. To minimise creasing however, Rachel says: ‘The secret to ensuring your concealer doesn’t crease, is to prepare and apply light layers. ‘Concealer tends to fall into creases when the area has dried out or has too much product in the area. ‘So prep really well with a nourishing eye cream and only apply the concealer in the areas your have darkness, like the inner and outer corner of the eye and blend with the warmth of your finger.’ To create a flawless base, she suggests building up coverage slowly, applying only a little at a time. ‘This technique ensures maximum coverage whilst looking seamless and natural,’ she adds. ‘I would look at different textures in the skin. Under the eye I love to use a minimal amount of concealer with a fluffy brush to brighten the undereye, so the concealer moves with the skin.’ While many beauty gurus powder under their eyes, Rachel says this won’t work well on everyone and could actually be making your concealer look cakey. ‘Controversially, I am not a fan of powdering my concealers,’ she explains. ‘As the area can be prone to dryness, I feel it ages the eye significantly. ‘I would rather a creamy formula that I can press out any product build up in creases throughout the day if I need too, as I find powders can enhance the dryness and look quite flat.’ Those with dry skin should avoid, while oily skin types might appreciate the help of a powder if a matte finish is desired. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum who struggles with dark circles says this is her holy grail concealer MORE : Does this TikTok famous concealer live up to the hype?