Raven-Symone has been in the spotlight since she was a young child, but it turns out we’ve all been pronouncing her name wrong all this time. Yes, seriously. Just after fans got over the realization that they have been saying Lindsay Lohan and Chrissy Teigen’s monikers incorrectly for years, the Disney icon gave us all a lesson in how to say her name. Taking to TikTok, she calmly let everyone know that it’s ‘see-mon-ye’ instead of ‘Si-moan’. Sitting in her car, the 37-year-old could be seen mouthing, ‘Shut up, it is not,’ when a caption flashed up explaining ‘it’s pronounced ‘see-mon-ye’. She matter-of-factly added: ‘Yes, it is.’ If that wasn’t clarification enough, Raven slid into the comments below to emphasize: ‘See-mon-ye like yay.’ This may have come as a surprise to many as the Raven’s Home actress had been pronouncing her own name the ‘wrong’ way throughout her career – including in multiple Disney clips. Followers picked up on the confusion below the video, with one writing: ‘Well you were the one saying “my name’s Raven Suh-Moan and you’re watching Disney channel”’ ‘The whole time “I’m Raven Simone and you’re watching Disney channel” you could have said it right cause how they gon make you say your own name wrong [sic],’ another questioned. A follower agreed: ‘RAVEN!! Why you let them tell you how to say yo own name!??? [sic].’ As a TikTok user added: ‘I could’ve gone my whole life without knowing this.. My life is a lie.’ Honestly, same. Raven’s tip in pronunciation comes after Mean Girls icon Lindsay Lohan made her TikTok debut with a little lesson of her own. She blew all of our minds with her very first video on the platform last February, simply telling fans: ‘Hey everyone. It’s Lindsay Lohan, and guess what? Now I’m on TikTok.’ What threw everyone for a loop amid her Lohanaissance was the way she pronounced her name. Instead of Low-han, as pretty much everyone else has been saying it all this time, the Parent Trap icon confirmed it is actually ‘Lowen’, leaving fans questioning everything. The more you know! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Patsy Palmer says turning 50 gave her the courage to do Dancing On Ice after turning show down several times MORE : Rapper Young Thug and co-defendant accused of drug transaction in courtroom amid Atlanta trial  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 