Manchester United have not signed Wout Weghorst in time for him to feature against Manchester City. Weghorst is thought to have signed his contract at the club but United are still to announce his arrival. Speaking at a press conference on Friday ahead of the Manchester derby, ten Hag confirmed a deal is almost done but not in time for him to be registered for Saturday’s lunchtime kick-off. ‘We are close, he will not be available for tomorrow,’ ten Hag said. United’s shortage of options up top could be highlighted again on Saturday with Anthony Martial an injury doubt ahead of the visit of Pep Guardiola’s side. While Marcus Rashford, who has scored seven times since the return of club football, could now lead the line against the champions, ten Hag is hopeful Weghorst can offer another option soon with a trip to Crystal Palace coming on Wednesday. ‘Hopefully it will be soon for us, he will be there,’ ten Hag added. The Netherlands international is poised to become United’s second signing of the January transfer window after Jack Butland, coming in to provide a temporary solution to United’s striker shortage. The 30-year-old joined Burnley last January but managed just two goals in 20 appearances with the Clarets relegated to the Championship at the end of last season. He has since rediscovered his scoring form at Beskitas, scoring nine times in 19 appearances with United agreeing a compensation deal with the Turkish side to bring him to Old Trafford. United have been limited to loan signings this month after spending over £200million in the summer transfer window. The club were also interested in signing Joao Felix but refused to meet Atletico Madrid’s demands of a £9million loan fee, with the Portugal international joining Chelsea this week. MORE : Everton want Manchester United forward Anthony Elanga in January loan deal MORE : Ex-England goalkeeper Paul Robinson says Manchester United should have re-signed flop instead of Wout Weghorst For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 