Deborah Meaden swiped back at Steven Bartlett’s claim that Sara Davies is the ‘most qualified’ Dragon during tonight’s episode. The trio joined fellow Dragons’ Den star Peter Jones and Touker Suleyman to hear the latest batch of pitches from hopeful entrepreneurs. One creator, David Hawcock, brought forward his product: games with a paper-craft twist. ‘It’s got Sara Davies written all over it,’ Steven commented, before hearing David’s pitch. The inventor’s pop-up chess-set, as well as ideas for other paper pop-up games, managed to catch the eyes of a few of the Dragons, despite his nerves almost getting in the way of the pitch. ‘It’s really impressive,’ Sara first commented, highlighting that she sees similar creations in her industry, while Peter added: ‘I’m genuinely blown away’, over the ‘exceptional’ design. Peter promptly made the first offer, with Touker following suit, but David still waited for the other Dragons’ offers. Deborah quickly stepped forward with her offer, before Sara praised David’s ‘fantastic’ skills and business. With four offers in the bag, Steven was the last to share his thoughts, and when he did, it didn’t seem to please Deborah. ‘I’m going to say that I’m out, but I will say, which will annoy some of my fellow Dragons, I don’t think you should be giving away your profession, I think you have enough in that box as a standalone proposition.’ ‘That doesn’t annoy us,’ Peter replied, before telling Steven: ‘I’m not surprised that you’re out, you couldn’t have done anything with this business,’ with Touker nodding in agreement. Steven continued: ‘I think Sara’s offers great, she’s the most qualified’. But Deborah quickly hit back: ‘She’s not the most qualified Steven’. However, Steven didn’t manage to sway David’s decision, as he eventually went for a negotiated offer between Peter and Touker. ‘David, you broke my heart,’ Sara later commented. ‘I was the only person who understood and appreciated your business.’ Dragons’ Den airs on Thursdays at 8pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Descendant of Tarmac inventor fails to impress Dragons’ Den investors with product ‘that looks like it came from Frankenstein’s workshop’ MORE : Millionaire and Dragons’ Den legend Deborah Meaden gets her clothes in charity shops: ‘People do double takes’ 