Seeing Romeo Beckham on the pitch is hitting us with all the nostalgia! The son of David Beckham and Victoria Beckham recently signed with Brentford FC, on loan from Inter Miami. Romeo, 20, is following in his famous dad’s footsteps, making the Manchester United footie legend proud and head coach, Neil MacFarlane, is already impressed with how ‘unbelievably well’ he’s performed. But it’s time to turn things up a notch, as the young football star is set to take on Middlesborough in Brentford B (the under 21s group) on Monday night (January 30). Photos capture Romeo warming up ahead of the Premier League Cup match at the Lamex Stadium, Stevenage. And while the pressure is bound to be on, Romeo didn’t seem to be breaking a sweat, keeping it ultra cool as he trained with his teammates. Wearing a black tracksuit proudly boasting his new club’s logo, he showcased some serious skill in how he kicked the ball. Proving he means business, Romeo also went in for a header. Romeo wore a smile on his face as he was encouraged by other players, but never took his eye off the ball when it was time to practise. Peeking through the youngster’s shirt were his tattoos, which he already has quite the large collection of. Having braved the needle on his right arm and even up his neck, Romeo’s inkings include a cherub, a stone angel statue, and a heart on his finger, which is a matching design with girlfriend Mia Regan. The lovebirds got the tats to celebrate their third anniversary, with Romeo frequently showing off his other half on Instagram. Romeo also has the phrase, ‘I love you’ inked on his arm, having started dating model Mia when they were both 16. There’s every chance that his girlfriend will be at tonight’s game to cheer Romeo on, after he shared a lift selfie of her proudly wearing the team’s shirt. Romeo joined the club to maintain his fitness and refine his footie skills while Major League Soccer is on a break in the States. When the news was announced, Romeo said: ‘I came here at the start to keep fit during the off-season. The chance then came to come on loan here, and I’ve never been so excited.’ The second-eldest Beckham boy added: ‘It was a fun season [in the USA] and there were a lot of ups and downs, but I’m excited to come here and see what I can do.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Beckham sends video message to 102-year-old superfan in her care home MORE : Victoria Beckham congratulates Marc Anthony on marriage to model Nadia Ferreira in sweet tribute post 