The Golden Globes 2023 were a star-studded affair to say the least, with famous faces from far and wide descending on the The Beverly Hilton to honour the best of the business. Following last year’s private event, it was a welcome sight to see celebrities including Margot Robbie, Austin Butler, Angela Bassett, MJ Rodriguez, Jessica Chastain and Quinta Brunson dazzled on the red carpet. Of course, the night wasn’t going to be void of controversy, with host Jerrod Carmichael kicking off the show by addressing the criticism of the event over lack of diversity in the past. ‘I’ll tell you why I’m here, I’m here because I’m Black,’ he said in his monologue, before stating: ‘This show, the Golden Globe Awards did not air last year, because the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which I won’t say they were a racist organisation, but they didn’t have a single black member until George Floyd died – do with that information what you will. ‘One minute I’m making mint tea at home, the next you’re invited to be the Black face of an embattled white organisation. Life really comes at you fast.’ As the night proceeded, some of the favourites to win scooped up their awards, including Everything Everywhere All At Once star Michelle Yeoh, The White Lotus’ Jennifer Coolidge and The Fabelmans director Steven Spielberg. Amid the plethora of accolades that were handed out, jokes were made at Will Smith’s expense after last year’s Oscar’s slap; individuals including Zendaya, Kevin Costner and Tom Cruise were missing from the line-up of stars in attendance; and the show saw President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky offer a message of peace. So who won at this year’s Golden Globes? Here’s the winners’ list in full: Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Evan Peters hopes ‘some good’ came from controversial Dahmer series as he wins Golden Globe for performance MORE : Heidi Klum packs on the PDA with husband Tom Kaulitz on Golden Globes 2023 red carpet  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 