Katie Price and Nigel Farage shared a somewhat flirty exchange during her interview with him for GB News, with the model stressing that he won’t be her ‘next husband’. On Thursday night, the TV personality joined Farage for a lengthy interview, during which she opened up about topics including her 2021 car crash. While their conversation did cover serious topics, at one point, they had their audience laughing and Farage cackling as Price questioned her interviewer on how he’s felt about her over the years. ‘Have you always liked me or not, by the way? Be honest’ the 44-year-old asked the former UKIP leader directly. ‘Oh yes,’ the 58-year-old enthused, as the crowd burst into laughter. Price similarly startling chuckling, admitting: ‘I like that,’ in reference to Farage’s response. She then added: ‘Well, I suppose you could sum it up there then. You like me, I like you. There you go.’ ‘There you are. Well don’t tell anybody,’ Farage replied, before Price piped up to add: ‘You’re not going to be my next husband. I’m done with that. Or are you married, I don’t know.’ As the former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star tried to spy a ring on the broadcaster’s finger, he remarked while laughing: ‘We’ll talk about it afterwards.’ Despite Price saying she was ‘done’ when it comes to having a ‘next husband’, she recently sparked speculation that she could be back with her on-again, off-again fiancé Carl Woods. The couple had been together and split up on several occasions since June 2020, before appearing to separate for good in November last year. However, earlier this month, fans spotted what looked like an engagement ring on Price’s finger in a picture of her posing in a hoodie. Nonetheless, Price’s representatives confirmed to Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s an old picture promoting the hoodie, that’s all. It was taken while they were together,’ thus suggested that the pair are still broken up. Price has been married three times, first to Peter Andre from 2005 to 2009, to Alex Reid from 2010 until 2011, and then to Kieran Hayler from 2013 to 2021. She has five children, with her eldest son Harvey – who she shares with retired footballer Dwight Yorke – born in May 2002. Price had two children with Andre – Junior, born in 2005, and Princess, born in 2007 – and then two children with Hayler – Jett, born in 2013, and Bunny, born in 2014. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price thankful she didn’t hurt anyone in car crash as she discusses hitting ‘rock bottom’ MORE : Katie Price is certain she can recover from bankruptcy as she promises ‘comeback’ after hitting ‘rock bottom’ 