January 13 marks strike action for two sectors. Workers up and down the UK are walking out this month as energy bills rise and the cost of living crisis tightens. Staff from the DVLA and Rural Payments Agency are both protesting today. The strike action is part of the wider national industrial action by the union over pay, pensions, jobs and redundancy terms. DVLA staffers are responsible for keeping vehicle records up to date, they hand out registration certificates and also issue refunds. Hundreds of union members at the DVLA’s Birmingham office and those working on medical applications at its Swansea HQ are striking for five days this week. The job action also involves around 600 members who assess drivers’ medical conditions before giving them a driving licence. More than 300 PCS members of the Rural Payment Agency (RPA) are also taking action today and will do until Friday. The agency issues cheques to farmers, traders and landowners as well as schemes that support rural communities. This won’t be their first time – RPA staff also walked out January 3-6 over pay and flimsy job security. Various sectors are still to take industrial action before the month is out, including ambulance drivers, nurses and bus drivers. Teachers in Scotland are also staging walkouts. Newly announced strike action came yesterday for physiotherapists, who will protest on January 26. Over 4200 union members – employed by 30 NHS trusts across England – will be called to take part. Claire Sullivan, CSP director of employer relations and union services, said: ‘We know taking strike action is an absolute last resort for CSP members, but NHS staff not only deserve better pay but also desperately need it during this cost of living crisis. ‘This dispute will protect patient services both now and into the future, and it’s essential that the government comes up with an improved offer to avert further strikes and demonstrate they understand the scale of the problem.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.