Do you shower every day? Or do you wait a bit longer before having a wash? A new study has found that 68% of British people wash themselves every day – which means around a third of us don’t. Meanwhile, 76% of French people and 77% of Germans reported daily washes, in the research conducted by polling company Ifop. Whereas Italy came last in the rankings, with just 53% washing daily. It seems our relationship status could be a factor as, in 2021, a survey found that  54% of singles don’t wash every day, compared to 42% of people in relationships, 49% of people who live with their partner, and 46% of married couples. But could skipping daily showers and baths actually be beneficial? Back in April, the skincare specialists ARRAN Sense of Scotland said we need to be asking ourselves some key questions – especially if we suffer from dry or sensitive skin. These include: Skin actually does a pretty good job of cleaning itself. It keeps itself healthy by generating a layer of natural oils on the surface, and if you shower too frequently, you’ll disrupt the skin’s natural PH balance, stripping it of its natural protection. ‘One shower a day is more than enough to keep you clean,’ they said. ‘Some experts actually recommend every other day, depending on your activity levels. ‘Certainly, if you adapt your daily routine to the one shower a day rule, you should see your skin start to benefit. If you’re heading to the gym after work, then don’t shower in the morning for example.’ But, whether you’re a daily washer or not, it’s important not to skip using soap. When a man went viral for – either jokingly or seriously (it’s worryingly difficult to tell) – telling his partner that he only uses water to wash, we spoke to an expert on the subject. Dr Ross Perry, a medical director of Cosmedics skin clinics, told us that water alone won’t cut it. ‘Unfortunately, just using water for washing won’t remove dirt, bacteria and germs from our skin,’ he said. ‘That’s because water alone can’t lift off the invisible oil where the germs are hiding, often tucked into tiny creases in the skin. ‘Our hand, faces and bodies have natural oils and germs stick to our oils, meaning that water alone just won’t remove them.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Showers on wheels are giving homeless people in London their dignity back MORE : Can washing your hair upside down help achieve volume? MORE : Experts warn the ‘clean girl’ slicked-back bun could cause traction alopecia – here’s everything to know