A sinkhole has become the latest culprit to cause travel disruption after it opened up on a road in south west London. Residents in Teddington have been hit by further transport and traffic disruption after a sinkhole emerged on the surface of a road. Richmond Police confirmed on Twitter that closures were ‘likely to be in place for a few days’. The sinkhole, on Kingston Road, near the junction with Holmesdale Road, opened up around 4pm on Wednesday (January 4). They advised the public to avoid the area and use alternative routes when travelling, which comes amid national rail strikes. Buses 281 and 285 have also been put on diversion. A spokesperson for Kingston Police added: ‘On 04/01/23 we were called to reports of sinkhole on Kingston Road, near the junction with Holmesdale Road, Teddington, TW11. ‘Our local officers and local partners have been on scene to assess the situation and the sinkhole appears to have spread to quite a large area under the surface of the road. ‘Road closures and bus diversions are being put in place and may be in for some time.’ A Richmond Council spokesperson also advised residents to use alternate routes: ‘Kingston Road in Teddington (TW11) is closed between Ferry Road and Kingston Roundabout, due to a sink hole. ‘Diversions are in place, but please consider alternative routes to avoid heavy traffic.’ They also confirmed the cause, adding: ‘The sinkhole has been caused by a Thames Water main-pipe failure. Thames Water have now taken over the site and will be delivering repairs and determining timeframes for the work. ‘Timeframes are still to be confirmed, but Kingston Road will remain closed over the weekend of 7-8 January into Monday 9 January. A further update with be given on Monday.’ Photos shared on Twitter showed the opening in a large rectangle was being looked at by road engineers as it continues to be repaired. Resident Coleen Wong warned: ‘#Sinkhole in Teddington on Kingston Road near Coop. @Teddington_Town @TeddingtonC. Major traffic jams. Pls be aware and avoid if possible #trafficalert.’ Another shared pictures of the empty street on Thursday (January 5), and wrote: ‘Teddington sinkhole. This was 17.30pm on Kingston Road. How lovely it is without cars. ‘Not a single @LandRover to be seen in TW11. For once. If only every road could have a sinkhole – and road closed signs. Sinkholes – not SUVs. Cars ruin cities.’