Emma Raducanu is still hopeful she will have recovered from injury in time for the start of the Australian Open next week after taking part in a short training session on Monday. The British number one had to retire from her second-round match against Viktoria Kuzmova at the ASB Classic in Auckland last week after rolling her left ankle. According to The Times, she suffered a grade one strain which usually has a recovery time of about two weeks – which means she would still be carrying the knock going into the first few matches of the Australian Open. On Monday, she took part in her first training drills since the injury and appeared to be moving very gingerly and with limited mobility, with the session only lasting around half an hour. Nevertheless, Raducanu is still optimistic that she will be able to compete at the Australian Open and says she is taking her recovery ‘one day at a time’. ‘It was really unfortunate to be honest last week because I was feeling great about my season,’ said the 20-year-old. ‘I was feeling really good with the preparation I did physically and I just had an accident on the court. I don’t know what I could have done to really prevent that. ‘I am just taking it a day at a time and every single day just trying as best as possible to see and make progress. We’ll see. ‘Hopefully by Monday or whenever the tournament starts I’ll be OK and ready. We’re just taking it a day at a time and not trying to expect too much at this point.’ The draw for the Australian Open takes place on Thursday and Raducanu will be hoping that she is in the half of the draw that begins on day two, giving her 24 hours extra rest to try and recover. Elsewhere, Dan Evans and Kyle Edmund were knocked out of the Adelaide International 2 in straight sets but Jack Draper has reached the last 16 of the warm-up event. Heather Watson, meanwhile, was beaten by Aliona Bolsova in the first round of qualifying for the Australian Open, as were fellow Brits Sonay Kartal and Paul Jubb. MORE : What to expect from tennis in 2023 as Emma Raducanu fights demons and Novak Djokovic eyes GOAT status MORE : Emma Raducanu slams ‘slippery’ tennis court as injury nightmare returns ahead of Australian Open For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 