Chrissy Teigen could be seen breastfeeding her newborn daughter Esti in a side-splitting new video while her son Miles, four, clambered over her back. The runway star, 37, and her husband John Legend welcomed their third child on January 13, meaning their household now contains three kids under seven. Doting mum Chrissy epitomised just how tiring motherhood is in her latest social media post, pretending to doze off as Miles counted loudly to 100 in her ear. At one point in the hilarious clip, shared with Chrissy’s 40.6million Instagram followers, Miles looked bashfully at his mum’s camera as he reached the 124 mark, before flinging himself over the back of the sofa. Chrissy announced she was pregnant again in August 2022, two years after she and John suffered the loss of their son, Jack. The All Of Me crooner is said to have announced Esti’s birth while performing at a private concert earlier this month before he and Chrissy broke their social media silence a few days later, posting a photo on Instagram of the little girl all bundled up while being doted on by her older siblings, Luna, six, and Miles. In October 2020, Lip Sync Battle presenter Chrissy underwent an abortion to save her life, while her baby had ‘no chance’ of survival, having previously believed she’d had a miscarriage. When she revealed her pregnancy, she wrote on social media: ‘The last few years have been a blur of emotions to say the least, but joy has filled our home and hearts again.’ Sharing photos of her bump, she added: ‘1 billion shots later (in the leg lately, as u can see!) we have another on the way.’ ‘I don’t think I’ll ever walk out of an appointment with more excitement than nerves but so far, everything is perfect and beautiful and I’m feeling hopeful and amazing. Ok phew it’s been very hard keeping this in for so long!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Supermodel Stephanie Seymour reflects on son Harry Brant’s devastating death aged 24 as she poses in his suit MORE : Nick Jonas shouts out Priyanka Chopra in Walk of Fame speech as they take daughter Malti on first public outing  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 