As the UK faces freezing temperatures, some will be wondering if they’re due a Cold Weather Payment. Essentially, the Cold Weather Payment is a £25 payment made for every seven (consecutive) days the average temperature in your area is recorded or forecast to be 0°C or below, to help with extra costs such as heating. This applies for the period between November 1, 2022 and March 31, 2023. Not everyone is entitled to it though, only people who are on specific benefits (and have specific circumstances) are eligible – and, of course, it depends on if your area is consistently cold enough. Here’s what you need to know about eligibility – including a full list of postcodes due one or more Cold Weather Payments. Plus how to check your own postcode… People in England, Wales and Northern Ireland on certain benefits are eligible to receive the payment when their area gets cold enough – though only in specific circumstances, such as disability. There’s more detail about what those circumstances are on gov.uk, but you may want to check your eligibility if you receive: In England and Wales, use the gov.uk postcode checker to see which postcodes are due one or more Cold Weather Payments. Northern Ireland also has Cold Weather Payments. Check your postcode on the NI Direct website. Note if you are due to receive one, it should come through automatically, so you don’t need to apply for it. Scotland doesn’t have Cold Weather Payments, though gov.scot does note its similar Winter Heating Payment. Gov.uk has listed the postcodes due one, two or even three payments on its official website. They are as follows: While more payments could end up being due by the cut off date of March 31, this list shows how many £25 Cold Weather Payments are due as of January 13 (based on government data). For the most up to date number, you can always use the postcode checkers mentioned above. MORE : When will the next Cost of Living payment be made and who is eligible? MORE : Met Office warns it’s going to get even colder and cold snap will last longer MORE : Is it going to snow this winter in London? Latest January and February 2023 forecasts Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below