Conservative MP Andrew Bridgen has been suspended from the Tory party after comparing the Covid-19 vaccine to the Holocaust. Tory Chief Whip Simon Hart said: ‘Andrew Bridgen has crossed a line, causing great offence in the process. ‘As a nation, we should be very proud of what has been achieved through the vaccine programme. The vaccine is the best defence against COVID that we have. ‘Misinformation about the vaccine causes harm and costs lives. I am therefore removing the whip from Andrew Bridgen with immediate effect, pending a formal investigation.’ In a widely-condemned tweet earlier today, Bridgen referred to the Holocaust as he once again shared anti-vaccine views. ‘As one consultant said to me, this is the biggest crime against humanity since the Holocaust,’ he said of the murder of at least six million Jews by the Nazi regime. Bridgen shared data posted by the far-right libertarian financial blog and news aggregator Zero Hedge. Lib Dem MP and health spokeswoman Daisy Cooper condemned the ‘truly revolting’ comments. She said: ‘This is dangerous misinformation that should not be spouted by a Member of Parliament. ‘Wild conspiracy theories and incredibly offensive comparisons to the Holocaust have no place in British society, let alone parliament. ‘Andrew Bridgen must apologise for this disgusting remark.’ Labour MP Christian Wakeford had called for the whip to be stripped from Bridgen. He said: ‘Fake news and scaremongering on vaccines is bad enough but to invoke the Holocaust during the month of Holocaust Memorial Day is despicable.’ After the whip was removed, Wakeford added: ‘About this but it should have gone well before this.’ But Bridgen found a small number of anti-vaccine protesters showing their support for him at the Westminster underground Tube station. Two people showed up by an entrance holding placards reading: ‘Thank you, Andrew Bridge’, ‘MHRA-Rotten To The Core’ and ‘Why Jab Babies? Children Are Not Your Lab Rats’. Bridgen also shared today a story from the Times about the 1,000 excess deaths as the NHS creaks under immense pressure from staff shortages and strikes. ‘Is the failure of the NHS also responsible for the current excess deaths in all other countries that administered the gene therapy mRNA “vaccines”?’ he tweeted. Health leaders, experts and government officials say the rise in deaths is down to an increase in flu cases and the knock-on effects of the pandemic. On top of this, Bridge retweeted a clip from Fox News’ Tucker Carlson Tonight in which the right-wing motormouth accused news outlets of ‘censoring’ concerns over the Covid vaccine. For years, the fact-checking charity Full Fact has issued a raft of corrections to Bridgen’s claims over the safety and efficacy of coronavirus vaccines. One of his claims, that the vaccine rollout should be suspended for placing children at ‘risk’, was debunked by the British Medical Journal only last week. Bridgen is already serving a five-day suspension from the House of Commons for breaching lobbying rules. He approached ministers and public officials on several occasions on behalf of Mere Plantations, a UK-based reforestation company with forests in Ghana. The watchdog found Bridgen tired to sway Standards Commissioner Kathryn Stone during her investigation. Bridgen claimed he heard a ‘rumour’ she would receive a peerage as her contract ends in the coming months. ‘There is also some suggestion amongst colleagues that those plans are dependent upon arriving at the ‘right’ outcomes when conducting parliamentary standards investigation,’ he wrote to her. He then asked for her ‘reassurance’ that the rumours were ‘indeed malicious and baseless’. In mitigation, the committee found: ‘Mr Bridgen’s actions began as the pursuit of a constituency interest, and even those approaches we have found in breach of the lobbying rules appear to be motivated in part by a passion for, and interest in, issues of climate change and international development. ‘Mr Bridgen has reflected on his conduct and, when pressed, told the Committee in oral evidence that he would act differently in a similar situation in the future.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.