This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. It’s a new year and the start of a new chapter. Literally. We’ve got a round-up of the best books that are set to hit the shelves in 2023 – so you know exactly what to dive into over the next 365 days. From one of the most anticipated books of the year, to a thriller, to a fabulous rom-com, there’s something for everyone. Here are some options for 2023. Beloved social media start Charlotte Greedy will take you on a heart-warming journey to self-acceptance and contentment with this new book. If you’re someone who loves to start the new year with some reflection and self-improvement then this one is for you. It hits shelves on January 12, so don’t miss it. Pre-order from Waterstones. His Netflix series with his wife Meghan was a global sensation and seems to be all any of us can talk about. So, with Harry’s long-awaited memoir is coming out later this month, many are desperate to hear what else he has to say. You don’t have much longer to wait, as it drops on January 10. Pre-order from Waterstones. Who doesn’t love a little murder mystery to spice up the year? This one is a true whodunnit. There are seven women and one severed head of a detested man. They all had their reasons but which one of them acted on it, taking the law into their own hands? Find out when it drops in June. Pre-order from Waterstones. February has a special treat in store for us as the sequel of the internationally best-selling The Priory of the Orange Tree drops. Samantha Shannon once again wows us as we dive back into her complex and beautiful world. This is one for the fantasy lovers and it won’t disappoint. Pre-order from Waterstones. The host of Griefcast, Cariad Lloyd brings this relatable exploration of the sadness we feel when we lose a loved one. Not everyone’s year starts off with sunshine and rainbows, so this may just be the comfort blanket you need. It hits the shelves on January 19. Pre-order from Waterstones. She’s a familiar favourite and for a good reason. Having written Ariadne and Elektra, we hope she’s done it once again. It’s an imaginative retelling of Greek myth and we can’t wait to get our dose of historical fiction. Join Atalanta, Jason and the Argonauts on a magical journey. Pre-order from Waterstones. It’s a brilliant concept and one that is sure to make the list for one of your favourite reads of the year. This rom-com has it all as protagonist Esther finds an old magazine and realises she must have already met the love of her life. So, she goes on a mission to track down the men of her past in a gorgeously relatable journey. Pre-order from Waterstones. MORE : Top winter reads to get you in the festive spirit MORE : The best books to read if you need some me time MORE : 12 fantastic fiction books to read to celebrate Black History Month