Love Island’s Tom Clare shocked viewers as he planted one on bombshell Ellie Spence hours after splitting from former partner Zara Deniz Lackenby-Brown. Closing out Sunday night’s episode, the blonde whisked Tom away to the terrace where the pair unexpectedly shared their first kiss moments later. Pulling away from the single girl, Tom was heard whispering: ‘It’s our little secret’ in reference to the sneaky peck. Model and dancer Zara earlier revealed she got the ‘ick’ after her villa flame failed to pick her features as his favourite during a challenge. Opting instead for other contestants’ attributes as he described his ideal woman, the athlete snubbed his partner and got a little too close to other females in the house. Taking to social media, eagle-eyed fans slammed the sportsman for flirting with Olivia Hawkins and Ellie Spence as he vocalised his loss of attraction towards Zara in multiple video diaries. The model attempted to lean on her fellow female islanders for support but many viewers felt she was left to deal with her emotions alone. One fan noted: ‘The way these lot are all siding with Olivia and making their disregard for Zara clear is crazy. They’re all going out of their way to justify what Tom said during the game [sic]’. Another warned against the semi-pro footballer: ‘men like tom are very dangerous. he was sexually attracted to zara & just saw her as a body, and then the second she’s established a boundary hes no longer interested. he doesn’t want a woman with opinions. he wants a sex doll. [sic]’ ‘In case we’ve not all clocked it….. Tom hates zara. The way he spoke to both Olivia and Ellie but didn’t say a word to zara. Him talking to her in the kitchen was just circumstance [sic],’ a Twitter user said. Throughout the series, the pair have hit rocky seas as they navigated tests in the form of bomb shells and unfinished business. Towards the middle of Sunday’s episode, after pulling Tom for a chat Zara decided to call things quits and the fiery duo went their separate ways. Fans rushed to social media to share their support for the beauty, writing: ‘let it be known that ZARA ended things with tom not the other way round he sat and contributed nothing to that convo [sic]’. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Does Love Island air on Sundays? MORE : Love Island’s Zara Lackenby-Brown’s family respond to dare game controversy: ‘She can handle all the drama’ 