Paris Hilton shared a peek into her home on Monday, and it’s really something. The Simple Life star was filming inside her (very extravagant) hallway, revealing her newborn baby had been sent an enormous toy llama from Kris Jenner, Kim Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian. And while it was certainly a very impressive stuffed llama, even more impressive was the heiress’ sprawling hallway – complete with a spiral staircase and its own balcony. The most eye-catching detail? That would be a large, framed photo of Paris herself hanging on the wall. After panning the camera around the unbelievable space, new mum Paris, 41, zoomed in on the sweet note attached to her son’s toy. It read: ‘Paris, we are so happy and excited for you and your stunning family! ‘Congratulations on this new and incredible chapter. We love you so much and we can’t wait to meet your precious angel! Love always, Kris, Kim and Khloe.’ Socialite Paris revealed earlier this month that that she and her husband Carter Reum are now doting parents to a little boy. Sharing an adorable picture of a baby gripping a thumb on Instagram, Paris captioned the post: ‘You are already loved beyond words.’ Last month, Paris shared an update on her and Carter’s journey to parenthood and revealed she has eggs ‘stocked and ready’ for IVF transfer. The reality star initially began the IVF process during the pandemic when lockdowns were in place. Paris recently denied her mother’s claims that she and Carter were ‘struggling’ with IVF and explained at The Hollywood Reporter’s Women in Entertainment Gala: ‘We started going and doing it like a few months in because the world was shut down.’ Often in demand across the globe as a DJ nowadays, meaning a jet-setting lifestyle, Paris described it as ‘perfect timing’ because she wasn’t able to fly anywhere. ‘We knew we wanted to start a family, and I was like, “This is perfect timing. Usually, I’m on a plane 250 days out of the year, and let’s just get all of the eggs stocked and ready,” and we have tons of them just waiting,’ she shared. ‘We really wanted to enjoy our first year of marriage together as a couple, you know, before bringing kids into the mix. So now that we just had our year anniversary, I can’t wait for 2023.’ Paris and Carter tied the knot in a lavish, three-day wedding celebration in November 2021 and followed up their big day with a seven-week honeymoon. In true Paris style, the entire thing was caught on camera and released in a series titled Paris in Love, which aired on US streaming service Peacock at the beginning of the year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Raven Symone branded ‘vile’ and ‘unhinged’ after old video mocking Amber Heard’s abuse claims emerges MORE : Comedian Joe White left shaken after heckler shouted racist slur at him during stand-up show  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 