*Warning: This article contains spoilers for Happy Valley season 3 episode 6* Happy Valley star James Norton revealed that American fans watch the hit BBC drama with subtitles. The final ever episode of the juggernaut series aired on Sunday, becoming the most-watched BBC show in 2023 with a record-breaking 7.5million viewers tuning in. After tussling over the affections of Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah), the finale saw Catherine Cawood (Lancashire) and Tommy Lee Royce (James) face-off in a dramatic showdown. Their intense face-off also showed psychopath Tommy dousing himself with petrol and setting himself on fire, leading to a full-circle moment as Catherine tries to convince him not to, just as she did with another criminal in the opening episode of the series back in 2014. Tommy later dies after falling into a coma, with the news delivered to Catherine via text message as she visits her daughter’s grave. The entire series has been met with critical acclaim and actor James, 37, expressed how taken aback over how fans overseas welcome the series. ‘I mean, the way shows like Happy Valley travel over to America, it’s amazing,’ he told The News Agents podcast. ‘I feel so proud when I go over there, and random people come up to me on the street and talk to me about Hebden Bridge… They watch it with subtitles on, but they love it.’ He added: ‘And it’s an amazing advert for this country. So, I think we need to keep nurturing the arts.’ In a chat with GQ, the star also reflected on having to say goodbye to alter-ego, Tommy. ‘I recognise there are absolutely despicable acts which he has committed along the way,’ he said. ‘But along that journey, I have been with him for ten years, I feel deeply sorry for him. I feel immense pity and empathy and I sort of really love him.’ James also described the series writers as ‘absolute heroes’ and ‘queens of our industry’, before saying it was an ‘absolute privilege’ to work with them. Happy Valley is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Happy Valley creator Sally Wainwright grateful after Sarah Lancashire ‘made it clear’ she didn’t like the original ending MORE : ‘It was my perfect ending,’ says James Norton on Happy Valley finale 