The BBC has defended an episode of Question Time which came under fire after viewers were shocked by audience members’ hostility towards transgender panelist India Willoughby. On February 2, Willoughby joined host Fiona Bruce as well as panelists Jenny Gilruth, John Lamont, Ian Murray and journalist Ella Whelan for the discussion around safeguarding female spaces. During the episode, one audience member received a huge round of applause when she insisted ‘you can’t change sex’ and that trans women who have lived as women for years and undergone gender reassignment surgery should not be allowed in female single-sex spaces. They vented: ‘There are good men and there are predatory men, we should not allow trans into female spaces. There are good trans and there are predatory trans and that’s a fact.’ Hundreds of viewers were appalled by the both the line of questioning and the reaction from other audience members, while Willoughby compared the audience to a ‘lynch mob’ and said: ‘I can’t imagine any other minority being talked about in that way and everyone just sitting back and letting it take place.’ The BBC has now addressed complaints, insisting its panel and audience featured people from ‘across the political spectrum’. In a statement on its complaints board, the BBC said: ‘The aim was to have a civilised and polite conversation, while also recognising that this is a highly sensitive issue with concerns being expressed on all sides of the debate. ‘We heard prominent contributions from the Scottish government representative around support for their legislative proposals on gender reform and from India Willoughby – who as we indicated in our introduction is a trans rights campaigner. ‘Fiona Bruce treated all members of the panel fairly and intervened when necessary to keep the discussion on track.  All panellists were given ample time to voice their opinions.  We also heard a wide range of viewpoints from the audience during this particular debate.’ Willoughby was defended by viewers following the episode with people praising her resilience in the face of a particularly hostile crowd. Question Time airs Thursdays at 8pm on BBC iPlayer and 10.35pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 