Killer cop Wayne Couzens has admitted to exposing himself on three different occasions in the months leading up to the murder of Sarah Everard. The former Metropolitan Police officer is currently serving a whole life term for the abduction, rape and murder of Ms Everard. He abused his power as an officer to ensnare the 33-year-old marketing officer as she walked home from a friend’s house in south London. Couzens pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey today to the incidents between November 2020 and February 2021. He was serving as an armed officer at the time and today admitted exposing his genitals in three incidents on November 13, 2020 and February 14 and February 27, 2021. The guilty pleas relate to an incident in woodland in Kent in 2020 and two at a fast-food restaurant. The Crown Prosecution Service said it would not proceed with other counts of alleged flashing by Couzens, meaning he will not go to another trial. In July last year, the former police officer lost a bid to reduce his life sentence. The murderer’s lawyers argued that he didn’t deserve to spend the rest of his life behind bars for the murder, rape and kidnap of Sarah Everard. The former Metropolitan Police officer had his case taken to the Court of Appeal but it was refused. Couzens worked in the same Metropolitan Police unit as serial rapist David Carrick, who received multiple life sentences for years of horrific crimes against women last week. Scotland Yard said the men worked in different parts of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command and there was ‘nothing to suggest they knew each other.’ Checks of internal records indicated that the pair were never posted together. Couzens entered the pleas at the Old Bailey by video link from Frankland jail, and had a long grey beard and wore a grey tracksuit. He will be sentenced on March 6, when the court will hear details of his offences and impact statements from victims. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.