It’s hard to beat a good margarita. And a perfect one? That’s the stuff dreams are made of. To mark National Margarita Day, which falls on 22 February, we’re got expert tips from The Bottle Club’s Chandan Bathia to help you master the perfect margs serve. Just like Bond, baby. ‘Whether your drink should be shaken or stirred all depends on the ingredients used within your cocktail recipe,’ Chandan said. ‘Margaritas contain citrus juice, which means these cocktails should be shaken to ensure the ingredients are properly blended together. ‘Shaking with ice gives your margarita a distinct cloudy and frothy appearance, and ensures that your cocktail isn’t going to be flat and limp.’ If you really want your cocktail to sing, higher-end booze is naturally the way to go. Chandan recommended: ‘Find a tequila bottle labelled 100% agave, anything less and you’ll find that it’s mostly sugar. ‘Patron Silver Tequila has delicious flavours including fruit, citrus and light pepper, and is our recommendation for the ultimate margarita. The mellow counterparts within the spirit tend to taste better inside a margarita as opposed to a darker tequila. ‘But for a slightly more affordable alternative try Cazcabel Tequila Blanco, with an earthy tone and a fresh, citrus edge. The subtle flavouring within the spirit doesn’t overwhelm the other components within the margarita, when many different tequilas do.’ Pre-bottled lime juice? We don’t know her. Chandan recommends using not just freshly squeezed, but also freshly blended fruit if you feel like having fun with different flavours. ‘This,’ she said, ‘is the secret to creating a cleaner-tasting and more refreshing cocktail.’ Yes, salt on the rim is classic, but you can push the boat out. ‘For the adventurous kind,’ Chandan said, ‘crushed candy is a great way to add some fun to your cocktail glass. You can use any type of sweets you have to hand. ‘Simply crush them in a bowl and coat your glass rim in a sticky liquid such as syrup, honey or melted chocolate and dunk it into the sweets.’ Chandan also said spices are a good way to go if you prefer to keep things savoury, highlighting chilli powder, ginger salt and cayenne pepper as great options. Just be careful not to have the excess fall into your glass – it will mess with the balance of the rest of the drink’s flavour. While we’re on the topic of flavour, Chandan has some recommendations for those who want to really go rogue. ‘If you’re feeling adventurous,’ she said, ‘turn up the heat by adding chopped jalapeños into your mixture. Topped off with lime, this is both sweet and savoury and is super refreshing over ice. ‘Adding the jalapeño juice straight from the jar is what really gives the cocktail life – just add one tablespoon. But be careful not to overpower the batch with too much spice, as you will lose the margarita’s key flavouring.’ And if you’ve got more of a sweet tooth? ‘We recommend starting with fresh fruit,’ she said, ‘as it’s the most natural sweetener and a guaranteed crowd-pleaser. ‘Give your cocktail a tropical twist by adding pineapple or mango juice – or if you prefer a blended margarita, use frozen fruit instead, and blend until liquid consistency. ‘If you fancy a more seasonal flavouring, why not try blood orange, apple or even ginger?’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Your favourite cocktail has a carbon footprint too – here’s how to make your home bar more eco-friendly MORE : UK’s top 50 cocktail bars for 2023 named – and nearly half are in London MORE : Cocktails swapped for coffees: Singles are dating cost-effectively with the new ‘daylight saving’ trend