It seems that everyone has an opinion on the name of Molly-Mae Hague’s new daughter, Bambi. After the Love Island star announced the birth of her baby girl with her partner, Tommy Fury on Instagram, many fans were quick to share their thoughts – so much so, that the influencer has turned off her comments. But while many were surprised by the deer-inspired moniker, animal baby names are often a popular choice for parents-to-be. Kylie Jenner initially named her son, Wolf, before announcing a change to Aire last month. And Wren, a type of small bird, went up a staggering 584 places in the boys’ popularity charts last year. Meanwhile, Tiger was chosen as the name for eight baby girls last year, and Robin is the highest ranked animal name in the UK charts. SJ Strum, baby naming expert, and host of podcast, Baby Name Envy, says it no surprise that we look to animals when naming our offspring. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘So many of us are animal and nature lovers, so it makes sense that it inspires baby naming culture as well. ‘For boys, my favourite names are Fox, Phoenix, Wolf and Bear. For girls, I love names like Birdie and Kitty.’ But if you want a more subtle nod to your favourite creature, SJ has some suggestions. ‘I love Molly Mae’s choice but if you’re not brave enough there are many other options,’ she says. ‘Instead of Bambi, there are other names meaning ‘deer’, such as Darby, Roscoe and Hart. They have a more hidden nature meaning for less daring parents. ‘Instead of Fox, you could try Kit, which means baby fox. And how about switching Bear to Orson, which means bear cub.’ It’s also important to think about the character traits your animal name could signify. ‘Don’t save the fierce animal names for boys, and timid birds for girls,’ says SJ. ‘Unlike other names, animals come with a shared cultural association so you have to think carefully. ‘A girl named Tiger or Phoenix is a more refreshing choice that more mirrors the world they will grow up in. ‘And it was interesting to see how Wolf Jenner has been renamed a much gentler sounding Aire – I imagine to match a more calm disposition now he’s gaining more personality.’ It’s also important to check how names work with your surname. SJ explains: ‘Bear Payne, the son of Cheryl and Liam Payne, might find his name combination a burden. ‘Bambi Fury is a very cool juxtaposition, but with Hague meaning ‘hunting ground’ it’s an interesting combined meaning.’ ‘I am all for brave, names that feel completely authentic for the parents; it’s clear Bambi is so adored by Molly and Tommy, and I think the name will fly up the charts.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Main character energy’ is the new baby name trend for 2023 – but experts warn to choose wisely MORE : ‘Dark and moody’ baby names like Draco and Salem will be popular this year, says professional consultant