An email has just landed in my inbox from my daughters’ nursery. Fees are being increased by 11 per cent, taking the price of a full day from £69 to £76.60. A half day has risen from £39.90 to £44.30. This is the second price increase in the past 12 months. A year ago we were paying £67 for a full day, meaning prices have gone up 14 per cent year-on-year. Parents often joke about the expense of having children, but I didn’t fully appreciate this until my second came along 21 months after my first and we began paying for childcare when she was 10-months-old. In total, my husband and I have paid £35,000 in childcare since February 2020 (reduced to around £28,000 with the help of tax relief through tax-free childcare). Childcare is our biggest regular monthly expense. We have four days childcare for our youngest, aged two, and 4.5 days for our eldest, aged three. They are both in nursery two days a week, with my eldest also doing an additional two half days. The rest of the time we have someone come to our home and I do childcare one day a week. In total our bill is around £2,000 a month (or £1,700 with tax relief). It has been higher, though. For eight months last year we were paying around £2,400 in childcare because my eldest didn’t qualify for free hours until September 2022. Free hours come in the term after a child turns three. As mine turned three in April, it meant she didn’t get funding until September, when she was close to three and a half. The free hours means my eldest gets 22.8 hours ‘free’ a week. It’s actually 30 hours, term time only. But our nursery is open all year round and lets us stretch the hours over 52 weeks. In reality, it’s not free, though. The government does not give nurseries enough funding so parents often have to pay a top-up fee. We pay £21.20 per day for the days my eldest is supposed to have free funding. Childcare is obviously the biggest cost, but there’s also all the other costs that come with raising a child. On average we buy around four pairs of shoes for each a year, as well as new coats and clothes for the  eldest (the youngest mostly gets hand-me-downs). Then there’s classes, food, toys, books and all the other paraphernalia to add to the mix. It’s hard to put an exact figure on it, but I’d estimate we spend around £500 a month on the children on average (excluding childcare). We do one holiday in the UK each year and don’t eat out  with them, which saves quite a bit  of money. So in total the two probably cost us around £2,100 a month. Of course, we chose to have two under two which is why it’s currently so expensive. Some people have a bigger age gap and may only pay one childcare bill while the other is at school. I think it’s important people are aware of the true cost of children to help with planning. Despite the expense, we would not have done anything differently and we are pleased we have a close age gap between the two. But the cost of living crisis was not something we had expected before having our second. We muddle through as best we can and each month we are a step closer to school which will bring down our costs considerably. I sometimes wonder how we spent our money before having children. Probably on eating out, more holidays and saving money. But obviously we have no regrets. We may be poorer but our hearts are richer and we wouldn’t change a thing. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. MORE : Martin Lewis was ‘close to giving up’ Money Saving Expert after chat with his dad MORE : From treats for the kids to slashing parking ticket costs, everyday hacks that’ll save you money