Lolly Adefope had a big reaction to Ricky Gervais’ win at the National Comedy Awards. The actress and comedian, 32 is known for appearing in BBC comedy Ghosts alongside Charlotte Ritchie. Ghosts was up for several gongs at Friday’s National Comedy Awards, including for best scripted comedy, and Lolly, Charlotte and castmates Kiell Smith-Bynoe were all up for wins for their roles in the show. Also up for multiple awards however was veteran comedian Ricky and his juggernaut Netflix show After Life. Ricky ended up getting a hat trick of awards on the night, for best scripted comedy, outstanding comedy actor and outstanding supporting role for Diane Morgan, the category Lolly was nominated in. Reacting to the wins, Lolly took to Twitter where she graciously congratulated Ricky on the success – though with just a few too many exclamation marks. Quote-tweeting his earlier message where he asked the public to vote for him in the awards, she wrote: ‘omg congratulations ricky gervais!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!’ Her tongue-in-cheek comment was picked up quickly by her fans, with one sharing an incredible screengrab from Lolly at last night’s awards, looking distantly unimpressed as she heard the winner being read out from her table. Plenty seemed disappointed by the results, with one fan of Lolly’s declaring they would ‘riot,’ and others sharing various crying gifs and memes. The awards, hosted by Tom Allen at the Roundhouse in London, had some stand-out moments, particularly Mo Gilligan’s emotive acceptance speech. Speaking over video link, the comedian – who won the impact in comedy award – said there wasn’t a ‘glass ceiling’ when he started out in comedy, but rather a ‘concrete ceiling’ which prevented Black talent from being celebrated. ‘This means so much to me in so many ways,’ he began after receiving the trophy. ‘When I started comedy, my journey was very different to a lot of other people’s. I’d often meet a lot of comics and they’d say, “You a comic on the Black circuit? I’d love to try that.” ‘But bro, this isn’t a buffet. This isn’t a quiche, or some chicken wings on the side for you to just try. This is a real scene, with real people. Realising that, the scene that I come from, the skills that I’ve got, and the people that I’ve had around me to watch and learn from…’ he continued, name-checking the likes of Richard Blackwood and Babatunde Aleshe. ‘The list is endless. There are so many people that I’ve been on the circuit with and then you’ve got this cool, new generation.’ The National Comedy Awards is available to stream on All4, Ghosts on BBC and After Life on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : From performing in front of empty crowds to supporting Ricky Gervais, comedian Josh Pugh talks his latest tour MORE : Ricky Gervais reveals James Corden was ‘horrified’ and contacted him directly after ‘stealing’ joke 