A debate over the causes of current fruit and veg shortages has taken root. Pro-EU readers have attributed it to Brexit, while those on the other side have argued that even the weather has been wrongly blamed on Britain leaving the bloc. Elsewhere, letter-writers argue against the idea of axing The Apprentice from the telly and the ‘demonising’ of video games over real-life violence. Read on to see what else has been pushing people’s buttons… ■ Regarding the fruit and vegetable shortages in this country, I see another Europhile is rambling. Peter Reynolds from Nottingham (MetroTalk, Fri) says: ‘When will this country face the truth? Fruit and veg shortages are mainly a result of Brexit.’ Even the likes of Nick Clegg wouldn’t go as far as to blame our democratic decision to leave the EU for the weather in Europe and Africa, which is what is causing the shortages. No doubt Peter also blames Brexit for the Turkey and New Zealand earthquakes, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and Pakistan’s floods. I’ll get back to my work now as I eat my pear imported from Belgium and, later, tomatoes imported from the Netherlands. Trade couldn’t happen after Brexit, of course… David, Gravesend ■ I wondered how long it would be until someone blamed Brexit for the veggie shortage. Well done, Peter from Nottingham – you win the Dedicated Remainer award. I wonder who’ll be the first to blame Brexit for the latest cold snap? Jim, London ■ So now Brexit is responsible for the weather in Spain and North Africa? Remoaners really will trot out any rubbish. S Manning, London ■ Fruit and veg shortages are not the fault of Brexit. Why can’t Remoaners just move on? Next they’ll be saying that global warming and too many ads on TV are the fault of Brexit. Kev, Suffolk ■ Peter says supermarkets in France ‘don’t seem to be experiencing the same as us’. French supermarkets put up their prices, so people are buying less. By the way, I voted against Brexit. Ewa, London ■ Tony B (MetroTalk, Tue) says he is ‘sorry for those who can’t get over Brexit and move on’. The problem, Tony, is that you locate yourself in Thailand. Perhaps if you lived in the UK you would understand why so many people are distressed by the failing Brexit project. We do not have an ‘oven-ready deal’ with the EU that has trade as it was when we were an EU member. There are shortages in a wide range of semi-skilled and skilled positions, but it is the unskilled vacancies that are wrecking our home industries. Brexit has led to a shortfall of 330,000 people in the UK labour force, mostly in the low-skilled economy. The departure from the EU led to an increase in immigration from non-EU countries, but not enough to compensate for the loss of workers from neighbouring countries. Henry Page, Greenwich ■ Regarding the letters (MetroTalk, Fri) about Lisa Fearns, who was stopped in a Lidl store from buying 100 cucumbers to make detox drinks for her business. Surely she realised that buying so many cucumbers in one go further deprives others from buying them? Even without this present rationing of fruit and vegetables, taking 100 items of anything from a supermarket shelf in one go is excessive. Lily, London ■ Well done, Lidl. These are not normal circumstances, so this lady should have some respect for others who might have gone without. G Casali, by email ■ Linda (MetroTalk, Fri) says it’s violent video games we should worry about, not ‘offensive’ words in children’s books. I and millions of others play video games and have done all our lives. The vast majority of video game players are non-violent, non-racist, law-abiding citizens. Video games, films and books etc have nothing to do with violence – it’s a person’s nature and upbringing that do this. People need to stop demonising things such as video games to push their own agendas. Matt, Sheffield ■ To John (MetroTalk, Fri) who wants the BBC to axe the ‘puerile’ Apprentice show. Please don’t. I love the programme. It’s funny and it cheers me up after a day at work. Barb, Gloucestershire ■ Food minister Therese Coffey says we should all be eating turnips because the shortage of tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers could last another month (Metro, Fri). Ms Coffey should start a campaign promoting this idea with the turnip-loving Baldrick from Blackadder. I’m sure that would get the message across. Jim, Chiswick ■ To Paul from Elstree (MetroTalk, Fri), regarding the smart motorway network. There aren’t ‘slow’ or ‘fast’ lanes – you can drive at 70mph in all the lanes, unless there’s a sign up. Your description is the reason we have middle-lane morons – drivers who sit in the middle lanes when the lanes to their left are empty, causing delays, frustration and undertaking. Carol, Chester ■ JM in Glasgow (MetroTalk, Thu) dislikes parents who see an adult standing on public transport but don’t make their child give up their seat. I wonder if JM would prefer young children, who are safer sitting down, to give up their seats to able-bodied adults and then fall about when buses are speeding along. Saying that, I do think some parents could sit down with their child on their lap rather than have young children sit by themselves. Janet, by email ■ Regarding the MetroTalk buggies debate, a buggy was pushed past me and scraped the leather up the side of my new shoes but the person pushing it carried on oblivious. Annoyed, Tyne and Wear ■ When I went to the till to pay, the cashier pointed out that one of my items was three-for-two, and waited for me to get the free one. I would have missed out had I gone to the self-service till. And I enjoyed the chat we had. Diana, Brighton ■ I think J Walsh (MetroTalk, Thu), who knows someone who ‘takes his miniature pot-bellied pig for walkies’, is telling porkies. Howard, Harrow ■ I’m reading a very good book about gravity. I just can’t put it down. Hassan, Bromley Start a text with VIEWS followed by your comment, name and where you live to 65700. Standard network charge applies. Or email mail@ukmetro.co.uk. Helpline for Views, Rush-Hour Crush and Good Deed Feed: 020 3615 0600. Full T&Cs on metro.co.uk/terms. Metro is a member of the Independent Press Standards Organisation. Comments may be edited for reasons of legality, clarity or space.