A body has been found in the search for missing Laurel Aldridge. Sussex police confirmed the news on Saturday afternoon following an 11-day search for Aldridge, who is the sister-in-law of The Office actor Mackenzie Crook. They said in a statement: ‘Sadly the body of a woman has been found in the Tortington Lane area of Arundel. ‘At this stage, the family of missing Laurel Aldridge have been informed and we are seeking to confirm the identity of the woman.’ Aldridge, 62, was last seen on February 14, when she was reported missing from her home in Walberton, West Sussex. Crook, best-known for playing Gareth Keenan in the British mockumentary sitcom, has used his platform to plead with the public for information in the days following her disappearance. He explained that Aldridge, who is the older sister of his wife, had left her home without a phone, keys or money, and was last sighted at Slindon cricket ground that same day. Aldridge had been diagnosed with cancer in 2022 and had missed a chemotherapy session on the day she vanished. In a recent appearance on Good Morning Britain, Crook pleaded with viewers for information as he admitted the family felt they were ‘clutching at straws’ a week into her disappearance. And speaking to ITV, he said her disappearance was ‘very out of character.’ Sussex Police said it may have information which could place her last known location, and said Aldridge may have crossed busy roads including the A27 and A29. Detective Sergeant Alan Fenn shared: ‘We are continuing to pursue multiple lines of enquiry and would thank any members of the public who have provided information to us so far. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 