The Queen Consort was forced to miss a charity engagement today as she recovers from Covid-19, Buckingham Palace said. Camilla was set to join King Charles to visit the Felix Project charity in London. But the King arrived solo, meeting staff and volunteers for the Poplar-based charity that saves surplus food and hands it to charities. The Palace announced nine days ago that Camilla, 75, had tested positive for coronavirus. While she has since made an ‘excellent recovery’, royal officials said she will take time ahead of a busy day of functions on Thursday to rest. A spokesperson said: ‘Her Majesty has made an excellent recovery from last week’s illness. ‘However, to allow for additional preparation ahead of Thursday’s rescheduled literary reception and other commitments, Her Majesty will not be attending today’s Felix Project engagement. ‘His Majesty’s diary remains unaffected.’ Camilla had to pause many of her royal duties since falling ill from the coronavirus for the second time last week. The queen consort had a busy day of events planned, including visiting the  Elmhurst Ballet School in Edgbaston, Birmingham, a trip to Milton Keynes with the King and a Clarence House reception for her book club. But the Palace said last Monday she had come down with a ‘seasonal illness’. They later announced she had Covid-19, saying: ‘After suffering the symptoms of a cold, Her Majesty The Queen Consort has tested positive for the Covid virus. ‘With regret, she has therefore cancelled all her public engagements for this week and sends her sincere apologies to those who had been due to attend them.’ She was infected with Covid last February, one week after Charles announced that he had tested positive and just before the late Queen Elizabeth did. Camilla’s final public appearance was on February 9 when she visited London’s STORM Centre, a support network for survivors of domestic abuse. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.