Kylie Jenner posted a stunning video to mark son Aire’s first birthday, shortly after finally confirming his name with the world. The 25-year-old – who shares two children with Travis Scott – was every inch the proud mom as she celebrated the little one’s milestone birthday, which came just one day after her daughter, Stormi, turned five. The beauty mogul shared a glimpse into the birthday boy’s first 12 months in the brief clip, which was set to Christina Perri’s cover of You Are My Sunshine. In the video, the pair could be seen enjoying a low-key beach day and snuggling up on the sofa, while also playing on a swing set. Elsewhere, Stormi was filmed cooing over her little brother and introducing him to a selection of toys. Alongside the upload, the mom-of-two penned: ‘AIRE. my son, my moon, my stars. Best year of my life with you. You complete us my angel. Mommy loves you. ‘Happy 1st birthday. May God always bless you.’ It is a poignant time in the Jenner household as the former couple have two birthdays to mark – and, of course Kylie went all out for the celebrations. After throwing a lavish party for Stormi on Wednesday, complete with that now-infamous giant head decoration, balloons arches galore and personalized merch, she gave a glimpse into how they were spending Aire’s day. In a string of pictures, she unveiled a giant ball pit, a selection of gifts – including two mini cars and an orange motorbike – and a stunning cake in the shape of a racecar. We’re not jealous at all… Kylie and Travis welcomed their second child together last February, and instantly sparked chaos with his name. They initially decided to call the youngster ‘Wolf’, before abruptly announcing that this was no longer his name. ’I knew the second I signed the birth certificate that I was probably gonna change his name,’ she later confessed on USA Today. ‘It just didn’t suit him.’ Having kept her baby boy out of the spotlight for the first 11 months of his life, she finally showed his face properly for the first time on social media last month – while also revealing his name is Aire. Following the cute reveal, many were left wondering whether her son’s moniker was pronounced ‘Air’, ‘Airey’, or something entirely different. Squashing any mispronunciation almost immediately, she simply replied to one inquisitive follower: ‘Air.’ So th-aire we have it… Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Portia de Rossi surprises Ellen DeGeneres with wedding vow renewal at her own birthday party – and Kris Jenner officiates MORE : Molly-Mae Hague shares emotional moment she arrives home with baby Bambi for first time: ‘I cry with happiness every time’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 