Police are warning New Yorkers of a gang of moped-riding thieves swiping AirPod Max headphones off the heads of unsuspecting people. The New York City crew – which typically consists of four thieves riding two mopeds – have stolen a total of 21 pairs of the Apple headphones since the robberies began. The premium over-the-ear headphones sell at retail for $549. The brazen robberies were first reported on January 28, when the crew snatched four pairs of AirPod Maxes off the heads of pedestrians in Chelsea. Another five pairs were stolen on February 8. Days later on February 18, the thieves nabbed another 10 pairs. The thefts have occurred across Manhattan – as far south as Chinatown and as far north as Washington Heights. At least one person was robbed in Central Park, and several people were hit in the vicinity of New York University. The robberies typically occur in the mid to late afternoon, the NYPD said. At least three NYU students were targeted in the robberies, according to a Campus Security email obtained by NBC New York. No arrests have been made, but police have released surveillance photos of some of the suspects they believe responsible for the heists. Earlier this week, the NYPD released video of three suspects riding mopeds near Washington Square Park. One suspect can be seen getting off the back of a moped and carrying the bundle of stolen headphones off. The suspects then disappear inside the Greenwich Village park with the stolen property. Earlier this year, a duo of moped-riding thieves terrorized commuters in London, snatching 72 phones from unsuspecting pedestrians. Met Police eventually arrested two suspects, Randy Kavungu and Darius James, for the string of robberies. The pair rode the same black moped during each robbery, but covered the license plate and wore large helmets to conceal their identities. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.