An energy firm that flew 100 workers to an all-expenses paid trip to an island in the Maldives during a cost of living crisis has been criticised by campaigners. Utility Warehouse (UW) ‘partners’ have been treated to an eight-day trip as a bonus for signing up new customers. But the company has faced a backlash as millions of people in the UK are currently facing soaring energy bills. Around 100 of their agents arrived in the Indian Ocean resort last week, and were seen taking part in volleyball in the pool, and handing out business cards, according to The Sun. One holidaymaker told the newspaper: ‘It doesn’t sit right during a cost-of-living crisis.’ However UW has said it is a ‘meaningful way’ to help people earn their way out of the cost of living crisis. The luxury trip started when self-employed workers were taken from capital Malé to the island of Ailafushi in a 15-minute speedboat ride across crystal-clear water. The group is staying eight days all-inclusive at the OBLU Xperience where some rooms cost £594 a night. Male reps were seen playing volleyball in the pool while their partners relaxed on sunbeds, it has been reported. One holidaymaker said: ‘It doesn’t sit right during a cost-of-living crisis. All are wearing purple wristbands and look like they’ve been having a whale of a time. ‘They just chill on the beach or by the pool most of the day. They have also hired out part of the restaurant.’ Another angry honeymooner added: ‘They basically ruined our holiday. They were handing over business cards and giving us sales pitches.’ Campaigners and MPs hit out at the trip, which was postponed from 2020 due to Covid. Warren Kirwan, of disability charity Scope, fumed: ‘This is a kick in the teeth for disabled Brits. They’ll be lying on a beach in the sun while disabled people are freezing and starving in their own homes. ‘Companies should be focusing on supporting those in greatest need instead of patting themselves on the back. Nobody should be profiteering on the back of this crisis.’ Utility Warehouse is built on word-of-mouth marketing, where self-employed agents earn a commission every time they sign households to broadband, mobile and insurance deals. In exchange for signing up four new customers every month for a year, the agents, also known as partners, can be sent to exotic locations such as the Maldives and Mexico. Other incentives include that if they sign up 75 customers they can lease a Mini Cooper, and if they sign up 200 they can use a Porsche Boxster for a month. Howard Cox, at FairFuelUK, added: ‘Utility Warehouse claim their environmental green tariffs make it easy for us to do our bit for the planet. ‘Yet the company hypocritically and insensitively are happy to fly their people in a polluting jet on a free jolly to celebrate increased revenues.’ A Utility Warehouse (UW) spokesperson said: ‘More than 50,000 people across the UK from all backgrounds are UW Partners. ‘Our Partners are self-employed and earn an income by referring our services to their friends and family. ‘In doing so, we offer a meaningful way to help people earn their way out of the cost of living crisis. We also offer Partners ways to earn extra incentives such as holidays. ‘We are proud of our hard-working Partners and are transparent about the opportunities that come with it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.