A drug dealer has been jailed after he punched and pepper sprayed a police officer trying to arrest him. Shaxawan Beker, 26, was busted in the passenger seat of a car holding drugs worth up to £12,300. Patrol officers confronted him and driver Soran Abdullah, 34, after becoming suspicious about their red Audi blocking a main road in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Beker ran away and one of the officers followed, with CCTV and body cameras capturing the dramatic chase. The dealer can be seen throwing several wraps into a front garden in an effort to get rid of evidence. After a while, Beker eventually turns around and launches a vicious assault on the officer. Beker punches him multiple times and even shoots the cop’s own pepper spray into his eyes. The pair rolled around on the pavement while bystanders alert the officer’s colleague that ‘his mate is being attacked’. The second cop runs over and struggles to arrest Beker who keeps trying to get up from the floor. Once the commotion was over, the discarded drugs were recovered and around £2,500 worth of cocaine and boxes of illegal cigarettes were found in the car. Beker, from Bretton, admitted possession with intent to supply cocaine, assault with intent to resist arrest, possession of an offensive weapon and possession of cannabis. He was handed a three-and-a-half-year prison sentence. Abdullah, from Orton Longuevillem, admitted two counts of possession of cocaine and acquiring criminal property. He was handed a two-year conditional discharge and ordered to pay £1,000. Detective constable Gordon Logan said: ‘Beker knew he was in trouble as he had a substantial amount of class A drugs on him, and it was clear he wanted to do anything he could to avoid arrest. ‘Thankfully, the officer did not sustain any serious injuries, however this was an incredibly frightening incident. ‘As police officers, we accept there is an increased level of risk each day we come into work – it is our duty to protect the public from people like Beker. However, it is not acceptable to be assaulted in the line of duty. ‘The incident drew a large crowd and while many people stood and filmed, there were a few people who came to the officers’ aid and helped – I would like to thank those people for the compassion they showed and assistance.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.