Part 1 of You season 4 has already got us desperate for more – and part 2 promises to up the drama to a whole new level. Starring Penn Badgley as the serial killer/stalker/evil protagonist we can’t get enough of, the psychological thriller returned to Netflix this month for a fourth instalment. Joining lead star Penn was Amy-Leigh Hickman, who portrays new character Nadia Farran, an A* student who’s very assertive and smart. Nadia connects with Joe Goldberg (who has rebranded as Professor Jonathan Moore) in London, bonding over their love of literature and her dream of becoming a successful writer. However, as to be expected with You, there’s far more to the story and, as the episodes go on, we realise Nadia has her own demons, turning to Joe for help after he learns she was sleeping with her (now dead) previous professor. Their ‘friendship’ isn’t one-sided though, as Joe wants Nadia’s help too, given her love for murder mystery stories and how the murders start again when Joe becomes part of a new socialite group. He also gets a taste of his own medicine when he is the one with a stalker – but Amy tells Metro.co.uk their connection could end up being his downfall. Speaking about what viewers can expect in part 2 – which drops in March – Amy teases that there’ll be trouble ahead, and whether Nadia will be the one to suss out who Joe really is. ‘For the time being, the thing that they have in common is their love for literature and also Joe is looking for her to help, and you don’t see that often. ‘The murder mystery is happening around him in part 1, and no one knows that genre better than her. So, for the time being, he’s looking to her for help.’ She adds: ‘They both need each other, but they’re both very wise and they’re both loners as well, that’s something they have in common.’ So, with Joe’s future depending on identifying and stopping whoever’s targeting his new friend group of uber-wealthy socialites, will Nadia be the one coming to his rescue? Well, Amy describes Nadia as ‘probably the most switched-on person in this season,’ admitting this could be to her detriment. ‘Everyone else has got so much going on and they lose themselves, but Nadia is the most instinctive, she’s the most switched-on, and she’s going to come to a point where she is in danger. For sure.’ She also adds that, due to Nadia’s age and intelligence, she’s not as ‘vulnerable’ as previous young characters, which also makes things more ‘dangerous’ when she gets inquisitive. ‘Because she’s so smart and she’s got great instincts, I feel like she’s the kind of person that would walk into a room and, after one conversation, she’d have everyone sussed out.’ However, as an actress, she reckons Nadia’s connection with Joe is important for fans to see, as it shows the more ‘human’ side to his, albeit very twisted, character. ‘It’s a credit to him as an actor and the writing and the show, because that part in the wrong hands could’ve gone so differently,’ she says of the fascination we all now have with Joe and his blue cap. ‘But Penn brings such a charming quality to Joe and also every season, they bring someone in or they give him a story which shows he has a bit of humanity. ‘He had his son, he had Ellie and Paco… he’s always got someone to show that he’s got a little bit of heart, deep, deep, down in there. And I think because viewers are so invested in the show and it’s so brilliantly made, that’s what keeps you wanting more.’ ‘But it’s important to show his humanity, which he does so well because if they didn’t, we’d just see all the bad stuff,’ she adds. It remains to be seen how Nadia’s connection with Joe will develop, and whether she’ll end up knowing too much for her own good… but we sure can’t wait to watch it unfold. Part 1 of You season 4 is available to stream now on Netflix. Part 2 drops on March 9. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Is Blind heading to the UK for brand new series – and singletons can apply now MORE : Real-life Squid Game branded ‘absolutely inhumane’ by furious players as Netflix continues to insist importance of safety on set 