A shooting along a Mardi Gras parade route in New Orleans left one person dead and four injured, including a young child, authorities said. Gunfire interrupted the Krewe of Bacchus parade and sent paradegoers running for cover on St Charles Avenue around 9.30pm on Sunday night. ‘This is really not something we wanted to see,’ said New Orleans Deputy Police Chief Hans Ganthier. ‘We wanted this to be a safe Mardi Gras and we continue to work towards that end.’ The Krewe of Bacchus is one of the New Orleans social clubs that plans the Mardi Gras parade on the Tuesday before Ash Wednesday. The Krewe throws its own parade in the days leading up to the main festivities. The victims were identified as three women ages 24, 22, and four, and two men ages 18 and 15. All of the victims were hospitalized, where one of the male victims eventually died from their injuries. The victims have not yet been identified. ‘We were able to find two weapons on scene and apprehend who we believe to be a shooter,’ Ganthier said. The suspect was taken into custody immediately, and was later identified as Mansour Mbodj. Police said the 21-year-old man was carrying an illegally owned firearm when he was arrested. Interim Police Chief Michelle Woodfork said the investigation into the shooting was still ongoing. Woodfork said they believe the shooting was an isolated incident. It comes after the police made a major effort to prevent gun violence during Mardi Gras festivities this year. ‘We have actually recovered 112 guns off of the streets in and around the Mardi Gras area,’ Woodfork said. ‘When people are carrying guns at these events, we’re apprehending them very quickly.’ Woodfork also said additional police and sheriff’s deputies were placed around the parade route for the season. ‘We do not want another incident like this to happen to spoil the rest of our Mardi Gras season,’ the police chief said. ‘If you see anyone out there that may be carrying a weapon, notify the first police officer you see.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.