Sam Smith stuck their horns up at the haters by returning to the stage for another show-stopping performance – and we couldn’t love them any more if we tried. Tonight, the singer was up for two awards – song of the year for Unholy alongside their collaborator Kim Petra, and British pop or R&B act. While the 30-year-old wasn’t announced as the winner in either category, they reigned supreme on stage for the latest rendition of their viral track Unholy, having recently been dubbed ‘Satanic’ by critics over their recent, epic spectacle at the Grammys. Once again, Sam donned horned headgear while dancing sensually on stage with a crew of performers behind them, all dressed in black, steampunk-esque ensembles, following the musician’s striking turn on the red carpet in a statuesque, latex design. The performance began with Sam standing over a dancer, who was positioned upside down with their legs stretched out wide. At the end of the show, two dancers lay on the bonnet of a skeletal car as it bounced up and down, before leaning in to give each other a passionate kiss while Sam walked away. Many of Sam’s fans showered them with praise for their powerful display of talent and confidence on stage, with one tweeting: ‘Sam Smith – performance of the night! Trailblazer.’ ‘Sam and Kim always slay,’ someone else remarked, while another commented: ‘Oh wow Kim Petras and Sam Smith really ATE that performance of Unholy at The #BRITs I can’t lie.’ At the beginning of the night, Sam arrived at London’s O2 arena in a unique ensemble by a fashion designer called Harri, who’s previously described their creations as ‘inflatable sculptures’. The singer’s look boasted a tight bodysuit around the torso with inflatable arms and legs, commanding the red carpet like a work of art. Harry Styles was the top winner of the night at the Brit Awards 2023, sweeping the board by being victorious in all four of his categories. While addressing the audience, the As It Was singer paid homage to the other members of One Direction – Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Louis Tomlinson and Liam Payne – while also honouring the women snubbed from the all-male best artist category. Beyoncé scooped up two awards on the night, expressing her thanks in pre-recorded messages as she looked ahead to her upcoming Renaissance world tour, while Matty Healy’s uncharacteristically tame speech for The 1975 took viewers by surprise. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles celebrates cleaning up at Brit Awards with kiss on the lips from Lewis Capaldi MORE : Brit Awards viewers in hysterics as ITV ‘fails to mute’ Daisy May Cooper’s bawdy ‘cocaine’ joke about the Sugababes 