The victim of a fatal stabbing in East London has been named by police. Trei Daley, 26, was rushed to hospital at 4.30am today alongside a second man. Both had suffered stab injuries. Initial investigations suggest that Trei was attacked near the Colour Factory nightclub in the Queen’s Yard of Hackney Wick. The 26-year-old, from Bromley, died in hospital as a result of his injuries. His family have been informed and a post-mortem examination is to be arranged, police said. An urgent investigation has now been launched, led by DCI Jim Eastwood of the Metropolitan Police’s Specialist Crime Command. He said: ‘Firstly, I want to express my most sincere sympathies to Trei’s family. ‘They are being supported by specialist officers, and a dedicated team of detectives will be doing everything possible to bring to justice whoever was responsible for this tragic killing. ‘Our enquiries have established that Trei was stabbed near to the Colour Factory nightclub in Queen’s Yard, which is just off White Post Lane in Hackney Wick. ‘This area was still busy at around 4am to 4.30am on Saturday morning. Were you there? Did you witness some sort of fight or confrontation? Did you see or hear anything suspicious? ‘Officers have already spoken with a number of people who were in the area, and I am grateful for their assistance. But there will be others who saw or heard something, and I need those people to come forward and speak with detectives.’ There have been no arrests at this early stage. The second man, aged 24, has been discharged from hospital. Matt Kruzynski, who works at a bar which has been closed amid the investigation, said he was shocked to hear about the incident happening in the “family friendly area” which has “changed a lot” for the better in recent years. Speaking beside the police cordon on White Post Lane, he said: ‘Hackney Wick is my local drinking spot, I spend a lot of time here. ‘I have always felt very safe here. Nothing like this has ever happened while I’ve worked in Hackney Wick. ‘The area has a bad reputation because of how it used to be, but it has changed a lot. ‘Even at one or two in the morning after finishing work, I’ve never felt worried about walking home by myself. ‘This is a very family friendly area. It’s normal to see people pushing prams or taking their dogs for a walk at midnight.’ Anyone with information or any witnesses who are yet to speak with police are urged to call 101, ref 1222/11feb. To remain anonymous please contact the independent charity Crimestoppers. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.