Women mass murderers are more likely to be driven by money than their male counterparts who typically kill for sexual gratification, a new study claims. Professor Marissa Harrison, associate professor of psychology at Penn State Harrisburg in the US, has spent years researching the difference between male and female serial killers. Her new book, Just as Deadly: The Psychology of Female Serial Killers, also reveals that many female serial murderers have college degrees or higher – with approximately 40% working as nurses or health care workers. This is compared to male killers, who on average have a relatively lower level of education. Female killers are statistically more likely to have been married at least once before their first attack, compared to males who are normally single when they claim their first victim. Perhaps due to the fact that there’s so little research into female murderers, they’re also apparently more likely to get away with their crimes. Harrison said in an interview with Penn State to promote her new publication: ‘There’s so much rumour and gossip about serial murderers, but the field lacks information on female serial killers. ‘I’m a psychological scientist, a data-wrangler. My book presents a psychological science approach to understanding the minds of female serial killers.’ Women who commit mass murder tend to target victims who are familiar to them, such as spouses or partners, and have been known to kill those who are already vulnerable, such as children or the elderly and infirm. Female serial killers are also considered to be more methodical in their approach to killing, and generally try to make deaths appear natural through methods like poisoning or asphyxiation. Describing a hypothetical female serial killer, Harrison said: ‘My colleagues and I came up with a composite based on statistics. She’s probably white, married at least once, maybe multiple times. ‘She’s probably in her 20s or 30s, likely middle class, a Christian, displays at least average intelligence and has average or above average attractiveness. ‘She is probably employed legally, perhaps in health care or a related field. In fact, we found that 39% of female serial killers were nurses or health care workers. And at least one murder will occur in a suburban area.’ Male mass murderers, by contrast, usually kill for sexual gratification and are considered a greater risk to strangers, whom they very often stalk prior to an attack. Explaining her motivations for writing the book, Harrison said: ‘I want readers to know that female serial killers exist. ‘The FBI did not recognize female serial killers until the 1990s. They called these crimes sexual killing, and sexual killing is almost always indicative of a male murderer. But there are well-known women who murdered far more victims than men did.’ Harrison further added that there were also certain characteristics shared between male and female serial killers, which provide insights into how vicious murders can be prevented. She said: ‘My team’s research shows that for female and male serial killers, there is a good chance that mental illness is involved. ‘For males, it’s highly likely; for females, our research showed about 40% demonstrated evidence of mental illness. ‘If instances of mental illness and child abuse continually appear in the histories of these women, maybe mental illness awareness and treatment could prevent some future deaths.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.