Parents of pupils at Epsom College have paid tribute to its headmistress after she and her family were found dead in their home on the school grounds. The bodies of Emma Pattison, 45, her husband George, 39, and their daughter Lettie, seven, were discovered in the early hours of Sunday morning by the South East Coast Ambulance Service. Surrey Police have confirmed it was an isolated incident and there was no third-party involvement. Mrs Pattison became Epsom’s first female head in September 2022 after six years as headteacher of Croydon High School in south London. Boarding students at the college pay more than £42,000 a year and its alumni include Conservative MP Sir Michael Fallon, broadcaster Jeremy Vine and comedian Tim Vine. One mother, who only gave her first name Sheena, described how the ‘slight but very formidable’ new head had ‘turned the school around’ after taking up the role last September. She told BBC News: ‘In her time as head teacher, she turned the school around, and she did so many things that enriched the children’s lives. ‘She was slight but very formidable, she knew all of the pupils by name. She was exactly what you would want from a head teacher.’ In a statement on Monday morning, the elite school, which was named independent school of the year in 2022, said: ‘The shocking and tragic news has now reached many about the death of our Head, Emma Pattison. ‘The College community will be coming together today to process the news, grieve and pay our respects to a wonderful Head. ‘At this time there is nothing more that we can say regarding the circumstances around Mrs Pattison and her family’s death beyond the statement issued by Surrey Police yesterday evening (Sunday 5 February). ‘The College and Surrey Police will be in close contact over the coming weeks and months. ‘We hope everyone will respect the privacy of Emma’s family at this time and allow the College’s pupils, staff and wider community the time and space necessary to come to terms with this loss.’ Cheryl Giovannoni, chief executive of the Girls’ Day School Trust (GDST), of which Croydon High School is part, said: ‘We are immensely shocked and saddened by the news about the death of Emma Pattison, her daughter Lettie and her husband George. ‘Our thoughts are with their family at this time, as well as everyone at Croydon High School, and Epsom College, which Emma joined as head in September 2022. ‘Emma was a much loved and respected member of the GDST community, as well as a talented head and teacher and a dear friend to many of us. ‘She touched the lives of all of us with her energy, wisdom and kindness during her six years as head of Croydon High School and the school will always bear the legacy of her inspiring leadership. ‘We are taking time to support staff and students at Croydon High School as well as everyone in the GDST family, and their wellbeing will be our priority in the coming days.’ Police said the family’s next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers while an investigation is now under way to establish the circumstances of their deaths. Detective Chief Inspector Kimball Edey said: ‘On behalf of Surrey Police, my team, and I, I first want to express my sincerest condolences to the friends and family of Emma, Lettie and George, as well as to the students and staff of Epsom College, for their tragic loss. ‘I want to give my assurance that we will conduct a thorough investigation into what took place last night, and hope to be able to bring some peace in these traumatic circumstances. I would ask that their privacy is respected at this very difficult time.’ Inspector Jon Vale, Epsom and Ewell’s borough commander, said: “We’re aware that this tragic incident will have caused concern and upset in the local community. ‘While this is believed to be an isolated incident, in the coming days our local officers will remain in the area to offer reassurance to students, parents, teachers and the local community. ‘I would like to thank the school and the community for their understanding and patience while the investigation continues.’ Surrey Police said the three deaths have been reported to the coroner. Dr Alastair Wells, chairman of the board of governors at Epsom College, said: ‘On behalf of everyone at Epsom College, I want to convey our utter shock and disbelief at this tragic news. ‘Our immediate thoughts and condolences are with Emma’s family, friends and loved ones, and to the many pupils and colleagues whose lives she enriched throughout her distinguished career. ‘Emma was a wonderful teacher, but most of all she was a delightful person. In time we will commemorate Emma and her family, in the appropriate way, and in line with the wishes of her family. ‘But for now, we ask that we are all given the time, space and respect we need to come to terms with this tragic loss.’ Epsom College won the top prize at the Independent Schools of the Year Awards 2022, with judges calling it a ‘beacon of excellence’. The school was also named the winner of the Student Wellbeing Award at the October ceremony thanks to its ‘whole-school approach to mental health and the wellbeing of both its staff and pupils’. More than 850 boys and girls attend the school, which was founded in 1853, and its acting head has been listed as Paul Williams. Mrs Pattison’s husband George was a chartered accountant who was a director at a management consultancy firm called Tanglewood 2016, according to Companies House. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.