A woman who stabbed her on-off boyfriend to death in front of portraits of her favourite serial killers was obsessed with the murderous doll ‘Chucky’. A former school friend of Shaye Groves has reflected on her infatuation with true crime and serial killers, and some disturbing warning signs during her childhood. The 27-year-old was jailed for life with a minimum of 23 years for slicing Frankie Fitzgerald’s throat before stabbing him in the chest 17 times with a Celtic-themed dagger she had bought for ‘pagan rituals’. A childhood friend, who wanted to be anonymous, described the mum as a ‘very manipulative, ‘quite strange’ and ‘unique’ person, who did not socialise much in recent years. ‘We used to hang out. She was unique, the way she dressed, what she was into – she used to like Chucky dolls and was interested in them,’ she told the Daily Mail. Groves had even nicknamed a friend, Lauren White, ‘Chucky’, after the creepy doll. ‘Lauren would do whatever Shaye wanted her to do. She was very manipulative – Lauren didn’t have many friends and Shaye used to be the one there for her,’ they described her relationship with Ms White. According to the ex-friend, Groves was ‘different to what she is now’ during their school years. They said: ‘She was more girly. But, she was never like a girly girl and always stood out from the crowd.’ Pictures from her home show the framed pictures of serial killers including Charles Manson, Myra Hindley, Jeff Dahmer, Richard Ramirez and Ted Bundy. Groves ever had Starbucks coffee cups decorated with film murderers. The revelations about her character come less than a week after the sentencing at Winchester Crown Court. Steven Perian KC, prosecuting, said her obsession with true crime documentaries meant she was ‘familiar with a crime scene, how to create a false narrative and how to create a false alibi’. Groves had attempted to create a false alibi, telling her friend her boyfriend had stormed out after a row, and tried to portray herself as a domestic abuse victim. In court, she claimed Frankie had started throttling her during an argument and that she ‘hit him in the neck’ with the dagger mistakenly, having meant to grab a money box beside her bed. But jurors rejected her pleas of self-defence after hearing she failed to call police immediately. Instead, the court heard Groves ‘cleaned up the crime scene’ and moved Frankie’s body. Mr Perian had previously said she killed him in ‘a crime of passion driven by her jealousy’. He said she ‘snapped’ out of ‘jealousy’ after looking through her victim’s phone as he slept, finding messages with a 13-year-old girl. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.