An exodus of pigeons during the pandemic saw London’s falcons feed on starlings and parakeets. In a new report, ‘The Raptor Lockdown Menu’, published in the British Ecological Society journal People and Nature, researchers studied how Covid-19 lockdowns affected the feeding habits of peregrine falcons in the nation’s capital. With the lower number of people outdoors, fewer pigeons were lured out by the promise of discarded food, meaning that their predators had to seek out other options. Falcons found an alternative in starlings and parakeets, the study found. However, researchers also observed no discernible change in the feeding habits of falcons in other major cities. Academics at King’s College London and University of Bristol who authored the report said their findings illustrate just how susceptible the raptor population in the nation’s capital is to being influenced by changes in human behaviour. They used online live-streams to monitor more than 31 falcon nests in almost 30 cities around the country over the course of three breeding seasons. Dr Brandon Mak of King’s College London said: ‘Our results indicate that peregrines in larger, highly urbanised cities like London may be more dependent on, and hence more vulnerable to changes in, human activities which support their prey populations, particularly feral pigeons. “The world is still learning about the consequences of lockdowns on wildlife, which promises to shed light on how human and animal lives are linked in our shared environments.’ Dr Mak and his fellow researchers observed that during London’s lockdowns, peregrine falcons ate roughly 15% fewer pigeons, compared with a seven percent and three percent increase in the number of starlings and parakeets eaten, respectively. They drew comparisons to the goshawk population in Poland, which dropped by almost 50% after farmers stopped keeping domestic pigeons and chicken, the goshawk’s chosen prey. Such changes can have adverse effects on the health of birds of prey, given that their first choices are usually the more nutrient-rich options. They may also have consequences for reproduction and fitness levels, given that hunting fasting prey can consume more time and energy. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.