Russian President Vladimir Putin is very much alive, an expert in recognising people’s faces has claimed. Putin’s health and whether he has a doppelgänger have long been fodder for speculation among the press, pundits and even Ukrainian intelligence officials. From claims he ‘soiled himself’ after falling to having cancer because of a cancelled meeting, the Kremlin has been unable to shake off the speculation. And if his health has taken a turn for the worse, Moscow has apparently got a stunt double on standby – one of three doubles of the 70-year-old, according to Ukraine’s intelligence chief. Major General Kyrylo Budanov said in October: ‘The big question is whether the real Putin still exists?’ But Simone Malik, a ‘super-recogniser’ and portrait artist from Bradford in West Yorkshire, has insisted there is no Putin clone. ‘Super-recognisers’ are people who can memorise and recall faces – even after the briefest or blurriest of glimpses, such as low-resolution CCTV. Based on ‘key areas’ of the strongman leader’s face, Simone says she’s ‘almost certain’ Putin is not using a body double. Simone, 42, studied Putin’s nose, ears and lips following his appearance at Moscow University last week. While Putin’s face is rounder and puffier than before, this is likely down to ‘natural ageing or an underlying health condition’. ‘There’s rumours going around that he’s been using a body double or he’s dead,’ she said. ‘But based on some key elements, I don’t think a body double has been used. I recognise a crease on his ear and the very distinct slant in his lip. ‘With his lips, you can see even in his younger days his lips slant on the left side – when he smiles you can see his face dips to one side. It’s an area that’s gotten worse with age but it’s still there. ‘With his ears, one side of his ears is slightly thicket and he’s also got a crease in the ear. ‘If you look at a natural or average human ear, it doesn’t have that extra crease – it’s a defining thing about Putin’s ear. ‘He’s also got the same slope in his nose from his side profile. Every angle of his face compared with the younger Putin matches up.’ The former NHS worker added that ‘it’s always been him’ and his appearance has never drastically changed over the years. ‘His face has changed quite a bit, it used to be a bit more stretched and now it’s a bit rounder with more puffiness,’ she said. ‘But that’s very consistent with natural ageing or underlying health issues that could be ongoing. ‘His skin looks a bit different, he used to have more of a tanned face but not so much anymore. That could be for a number of reasons – again ageing, health or maybe just less time in the sun.’ Training and support group Agency Super Recognisers International says super-recognisers like Simone are ‘superior to computerised facial recognition software’ and some work with police to track down criminals. ‘I feel like I was on a path to help or to do good, really,’ Simone said, ‘or to give back to society.’ With Russia’s war against Ukraine adding fuel to the fire, Putin’s alleged ill-health has been the subject of scrutiny for years. Though, both Russian and Western intelligence officials have insisted this is not the case. CIA director William Burns said last July: ‘There are lots of rumours about President Putin’s health and as far as we can tell he’s entirely too healthy.’ Richard Moore, the head of Britain’s MI6, told the Aspen Security Forum in Colorado: ‘There is no evidence that Putin is suffering from serious illness.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.