This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Charlotte Tilbury is popular for one reason – every product gives you an epic glow. But the price tags aren’t so amazing. In fact, they’re downright expensive, and most of us don’t have that disposable income to spare. But fear not, because we’ve found some super affordable alternatives that give you exactly the same look for less. Think Primark, Revolution and more – all our favourite high-street brands have got us covered. If you use these products, you’re one step away from a gorgeous glowing complexion – and we also have a tutorial on how to apply them. Get out there and dazzle. The Charlotte Tilbury Hollywood Flawless Filter has the beauty community in a chokehold because of that dreamy glow it gives your skin. But with a price tag of £39 it’s not very affordable. The Elf Halo Glow Liquid Filter provides exactly the same glow to your base at just £14. Get it here. The CT Contour Wand is another popular choice – but, for a relatively small tube which has been slammed for not containing that much product, it costs £30. The Revolution Eye Bright Concealer in shade deep caramel has been used to achieve pretty much the same look. Did we mention it only costs £8. Run, don’t walk. Get it here. The Charlotte Tilbury airbrush Flawless Powder is great for setting cream products. But again, it’s pricey. So, why not spend £9 on the Revolution Pro CC Perfecting Pressed Powder if you can’t splash out on the £38 CT option? This Revolution powder brightens the face a little more than the Charlotte Tilbury, but both have the same no-cake finish. Get it here. Primark is also upping their beauty game and believe it or not they have some great alternatives to more expensive products on the market. The Charlotte Tilbury Pinkgasm Wand is another beloved blush in the beauty space but at £30 for a small tube, it’s not in budget for many. This £4 Primark PS Pro Taupe Cream Wand Blush does just the trick. Get it in Primark stores now. Yet another alternative to the CT Contour Wand is the Primark PS Pro Cream Contour Wand. At just £4.50, it provides that same contoured and bronzed look we all love. Get it in Primark stores now. The KYDA Blush Beauty Wand is another great alternative to forking out a lot of cash on the Pinkgasm Wand – the mauve shade in particular. There’s also Peachgasm and Happy Pink, with both containing that all-important subtle shimmer. It only costs £9.99 too – what’s not to love. Get it here. Last but not least is Revolution, coming in with a strong alternative to the Charlotte Tilbury highlight wands. At just £6 a pop, it won’t break the bank. However, it’ll give you a glow that will leave your friends needing sunglasses. Get it here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Nude nails are absolutely everywhere – here’s how to get the look at home MORE : Bouquets on a budget: 8 cheap places to order flowers online for Valentine’s Day MORE : The best green bridesmaid dresses to buy for 2023 weddings