Yaya Toure has discussed Manchester City’s chances of catching Premier League leaders Arsenal and says it is clear the Gunners ‘believe’ they will be crowned champions. Arsenal are enjoying their most impressive season for some time, amassing 54 points from 23 league games and moving two points clear of Man City with a game in hand. But their title challenge appearing to be falling apart as they suffered defeats to Everton and Manchester City, dropped points at home to Brentford and found themselves 2-1 behind at Aston Villa. An Arsenal implosion could not be discounted at that point but the Gunners produced an impressive comeback at Villa Park on Saturday, scoring two injury-time goals to beat Unai Emery’s side 4-2. That result – plus Manchester City’s surprising draw with Nottingham Forest – leaves Arsenal two points ahead of the defending champions and five in front of Manchester United. Toure knows what it takes to lift domestic and international trophies – having won three Premier Leagues at Man City, two La Liga titles at Barcelona and the Africa Cup of Nations with Ivory Coast. The legendary midfielder ‘hopes’ Manchester City overtake Arsenal at the top of the Premier League but admits the Gunners are showing the ‘belief’ of champions and ‘deserve’ to be top at this stage of the season. ‘Sometimes you can just see when teams believe,’ Toure, 39, told William Hill. ‘When I was playing for Barcelona, you could feel yourself thinking, “Okay, I think we’re going to be champions”, the same in England and with my national team, and I’m getting that feeling with Arsenal. ‘I want Manchester City to win the league as a fan, but let’s see. Arsenal deserve to be where they are now for what they’re doing; they’ve been in fantastic form for several months now. ‘I watched Man City’s game against Arsenal at the Emirates, and thought that Arsenal looked really strong; they were unlucky to lose. ‘I definitely think Arsenal can win the title, but it’s far from the end yet, so we’ll have to see what happens in the next few games. ‘Arsenal are playing some really good football, but let’s hope Manchester City win it!’ Manchester City will look to get back to winning ways on Wednesday night when they face RB Leipzig in the Champions League, while Arsenal return to action this weekend against Leicester City.  MORE : Jorginho reveals reason behind Chelsea exit and why he joined Arsenal MORE : Patrick Vieira makes title prediction as Arsenal regain lead over Man City For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 