Rishi Sunak is gearing up to announce a new Brexit deal as early as next week. With cabinet ministers told to come in for an 11th-hour conference on Sunday, MPs are expected to be told there is a three-line whip next Monday. The Prime Minister’s new plan will hinge, however, on the backing of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), with failing talks likely leading to further delays. Sunak is expected to hold more talks with the DUP and top EU officials before any announcements are made, the Times reported today. Ever since the UK voted to leave the EU, the question of Northern Ireland’s border with Ireland, an EU member, has plagued ministers. Boris Johnson’s Northern Ireland protocol re-introduces custom checks on goods entering the country from mainland Britain. In other words, it effectively leaves half of Northern Ireland inside the EU’s customs union and single market and half inside the British one. Politicians, though, aren’t exactly eager to have checkpoints back, the kind Northern Ireland and Ireland did away with after joining the EU. And pro-Brexit politicians see the protocol as a way for the bloc to retain power over the country. Ever since Johnson’s ‘oven-ready’ deal went back to the drawing board, Sunak has sought to broker revised trade rules for Northern Ireland. His new Brexit deal would see a prime minister once again gamble with their political career, an issue that cost David Cameron and Theresa May their jobs. The premier met with pro-unionist leaders keen to maintain ties with Britain last week in Belfast to get their backing. Since the protocol, the DUP has refused to return to a power-sharing government in Northern Ireland – so Sunak’s new deal was crucial in tempting the party back. But Sunak’s new deal was set to be announced this week until leaks of its contents prompted backlash from the DUP and Eurosceptic Tory MPs. Under Sunak’s plans, almost all checks would have been scrapped and Westminster allowed to set Northern Ireland’s VAT and state aid policies. It would also have given the Northern Ireland Assembly, Stormont, and the UK government the right to hash out new EU laws impacting the territory. Johnson warned this week that dropping the Northern Ireland protocol would be a big mistake. ‘I think the best way forward is the Northern Ireland bill,’ he told Sky News. ‘It’s a very good bill. It fixes all the problems. It solves the problems that we have in the Irish Sea, it solves the problems of paperwork, VAT and so on.’ ‘I’d go with that one,’ he added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.