Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand has revealed there’s been a ‘dramatic’ change at the club’s training ground since Erik ten Hag took charge. The Red Devils are flying high under the Dutchman this season and are still competing on four fronts, with the Carabao Cup final to come on Sunday. Few predicted such form from United this term, particularly after their disastrous start where they lost to both Brentford and Brighton in their first two league matches. But it’s not just on the pitch that Ten Hag has transformed the side, with the Dutchman tasked with lifting the mood at the club following a disastrous 12 months under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. United’s training ground was far from a happy place last season as the Red Devils finished finished sixth in the Premier League. But Ferdinand says Ten Hag has revived the mood at the training ground, making Carrington a place where the players and the staff are both happy to come to every day. ‘The vibes at Carrington and Old Trafford have changed dramatically,’ Ferdinand told his YouTube show FIVE. It’s become more positive, the ambience in the place. The cafeteria has even changed. It’s like everything has changed. Looks different, feels different, food’s different. The feeling when you walk in, I’ve had very negative vibes [in the past] when I’ve walked through the corridors of the training ground. ‘I was on my own, walking back out through the training ground, through the corridors, and I stood there and just smiled. I can sense something happening in here now. I don’t what it is or where it’s going to but the ambience is very different. There’s a confidence in the place. ‘And the confidence isn’t about the players alone, it’s the staff. I can sense something with the staff. They’re more upbeat, happy to be in at work every day. And that’s all been generated and created by Erik ten Hag and his management team and some people behind the scenes, because there’s not one person who can change the whole culture of a football club – it’s a collective approach.’ ‘It’s the right path right now and given they’re in the running for four trophies still, not that I think they’ll win four,’ Ferdinand added. ‘It’s nice to go to Carrington and Old Trafford and feel more optimistic than negative. The vibe when they’re out training, doing the rondos, there’s a different energy that I haven’t seen for a while, not that I’ve been there loads.’ MORE : Chelsea board consider Thomas Tuchel return ‘impossible’ as pressure mounts on Graham Potter MORE : Jorginho reveals the reason behind his Chelsea departure and why he joined Arsenal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 