Manchester United and Crystal Palace have both been charged for the mass brawl between their players during the last Saturday’s match at Old Trafford. 67 minutes in, United were leading the game 2-0, thanks to goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford, when Palace midfielder Jeffrey Schlupp put in a heavy challenge on Antony. The Brazil winger went down theatrically but quickly got to his feet as his teammates went to confront Schlupp leading to a mass confrontation between both sets of players. Though 20 players were involved in all, only Antony and Schlupp were booked while Casemiro was shown the red card for violent conduct after VAR spotted that the United star had his hands round the neck of Will Hughes during the brawl. Against 10-men, Palace were able to control the match and pulled a goal back from Schlupp but were unable to find an equaliser. ‘Manchester United FC and Crystal Palace FC have been charged following a mass confrontation between their players in the 67th minute of the Premier League fixture on Saturday February 2023,’ an FA statement on Thursday read. ‘It’s alleged that both clubs failed to ensure their players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion and/or refrained from provocative behaviour, and it’s also alleged that Manchester United FC failed to ensure its players refrained from violent behaviour. ‘Manchester United FC and Crystal Palace FC have until Monday 13 February to respond.’ After the game, Erik ten Hag said he accepted the red card decision but claimed also that Jordan Ayew should have been sent off for a similar incident on Fred in the brawl. The manager said: ‘This team sticks together, but of course you have to control your emotions. But it’s really difficult in such moments. ‘And then I see two teams fighting each other. I see two teams who have several players crossing the line. And then one player is picked out and gets sent off and for me that’s not right. ‘[Ayew] was one of the players who did even worse, I would say, than Casemiro!’ Up next for United is a trip to Leeds on Sunday after they draw 2-2 with their old rivals at home on Wednesday night, while Palace host arch-rivals Brighton on Saturday. MORE : John Barnes claims Manchester City star Rico Lewis would ‘struggle’ at Arsenal, Liverpool or Manchester United MORE : Manchester City keen on signing Chelsea star Ben Chilwell amid Premier League charges For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 