Beyonce has finally confirmed that she is heading on a world tour later this year, after releasing Renaissance last summer. Taking to Instagram, the Cuff It singer shared a snap of herself decked out in a bejeweled outfit while straddling a giant silver horse, complete with a cowboy hat – similar to her album cover. Alongside the post, she simply wrote: ‘RENAISSANCE WORLD TOUR 2023.’ According to dates on her official website, Beyonce will be kicking the dates off in Stockholm in on May 10, before landing in the UK with a performance in Cardiff on May 17. After a string of European dates, she will be taking Renaissance to Canada, before heading to Philadelphia on July 12. She will be finishing the tour up in New Orleans on September 27. A source has also revealed to Metro.co.uk that Beyonce, 41, is in talks to bring the tour to Africa, specifically Ghana, which would make for a rare performance on the continent. Pre-sale for UK dates will be open on Ticketmaster from February 2, with European tickets from February 7 and pre-sale US dates available from February 11. Unsurprisingly, the Beyhive went into overdrive over the announcement, and flooded her comments section with praise. ‘Take all my money,’ one wrote. ‘DATES? PRICES??? GIVE US MORE PLSSSS,’ another begged. An Instagram user urged: ‘Everybody stay calm….it’s happening!!!!!’ While a follower yelled: ‘I’M SHAKING I’M PHYSICALLY SHAKING.’ Honestly, hard same. Beyonce will be making her mark with BeyGOOD – the initiative she formed in 2013 – once again. In various cities throughout the tour, the organization will be supporting entrepreneurs through Black Parade Route luncheons and celebrating small business owners. As well as this, 1,000 small businesses will be supported with a commitment pledged of $1million. BeyGOOD will also support students through scholarship funds that will be given to colleges and universities in 10 different cities along the tour, with each school given $100,000 for the recipients – totaling $1million. Beyonce dropped Renaissance last year to rave reviews, garnering countless award nominations and rumors of tours, performances and more. In fact, the mom-of-three is leading the way at this year’s Grammys, landing a whopping nine nominations, thanks to her incredible return. She has been tipped for both record of the year and song of the year for Break My Soul, as well as the coveted album of the year for Renaissance. Not only could the Crazy In Love singer sweep the board, but this also means that she is tied as the most-nominated act of all time at 88 – with husband Jay-Z. However, since the release, the Single Ladies star has kept fans on their tiptoes with her future plans, and has yet to release visuals for the album. She made a surprise return to the stage last month for a stunning show in Dubai, with a star-studded crowd including Kendall Jenner, Halle Bailey and Jay-Z in the audience – but did not perform any tracks from her latest album. This raised eyebrows as many took it as proof that a Renaissance tour was incoming. Just last week, the Oscar-nominee’s dad, Mathew Knowles, teased that an announcement would be coming shortly but encouraged fans to be patient. Well, it looks like that patience has almost paid off… Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Happy Valley’s Tommy Lee Royce no longer ‘convincing’ psychopath, claims crime expert MORE : Love Island welcome bombshells Jordan Odofin and Casey O’Gorman following explosive villa fallout  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 