Amanda Holden kicked off the loving season with a striking lingerie photoshoot for her Instagram followers. The 51-year-old presenter turned heads in a lacy two-piece set ahead of Valentine’s Day on Wednesday morning. Lounging across a black and white striped chair, the mum-of-two beamed as she showed off her tanned, toned physique in a burgundy bralette and matching pants. The matching Gossard bra and shorts from fashion brand JD Williams, complimented the leather chair – from the same company – she chose to prop herself up against in what appeared to be her bedroom. Captioning the image: ‘It’s a yes from me’, the star garnered plenty of praise underneath the stunning solo shot. Breakfast radio co-host and friend Ashley Roberts wrote: ‘I’m hello! Pure [sic]’ followed by a plethora of fire emojis. Love Island’s Lucie Dolan penned ‘wow’ while Victoria Smurfit left: ‘Bloody Nora pet.’ Amanda’s raunchy outfit came after the broadcaster admitted she wouldn’t want her daughter Lexi, 17, to go ‘anywhere near’ ITV 2’s reality dating show. The star revealed: ‘No way, my daughter’s 18 next year. It’s just another way of being famous, isn’t it really? ‘It’s not really about love. It’s just about looking hot and just getting involved. ‘It’s just amazing telly, but it’s not really for love so I don’t want my daughter anywhere near it’. Making the comments after saying her offspring was ‘obsessed’ with watching the villa’s contestant fight to find love, the Britain’s Got Talent judge told listeners of her daily Heart Breakfast radio show with Jamie Theakston she wouldn’t let her do it. ‘So this is becoming a bit of an obsession with my teenage daughter at home now. ‘She’s never taken one scrap of interest in Love Island and now is all over it. ‘Which worries me slightly bearing in mind that Michael Owen’s daughter is on it and I’m like, “you ain’t ever going on it, Alexa!”‘ The famous face previously shared her mini-me’s intentions to carve a career in the entertainment business after signing with Storm modelling agency in March 2022. Alongside Lexi, Amanda and her spouse Chris Hughes also have an 11-year-old daughter, Hollie. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir Lenny Henry, Amanda Holden and Jay Blades among stars launching Red Nose Day 2023 MORE : Amanda Holden doesn’t want daughters ‘anywhere near’ Love Island as she slams show for being ‘just about looking hot’ 