The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have received an official invitation to King Charles III’s coronation, Buckingham Palace has confirmed. After public speculation as to whether Harry and Meghan would actually be invited to the new King’s coronation in May, it was confirmed on Saturday that a letter of invitation will indeed be sent to the pair. Organisers are making great efforts to ensure Princes William and Harry will not be sat together at the event, it is claimed. In January Prince Harry released his autobiography ‘Spare’ which included a number of revelations around the deterioration of their relationship. The furore following the release of Harry and Meghan’s Netflix documentary also gave rise to claims the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had been warned to ‘stay away’. A friend of the Royal Family has since told The Daily Mail that the expectation is at least Harry, and possibly Meghan, will make the trip from the US, even though Charles’ coronation falls on the fourth birthday of their son, Archie. In the event that they do attend, it is understood they will be spectators, and that they will not fulfill an official role during proceedings. They will also not be invited to appear on the balcony at Buckingham Palace following Charles’ coronation, according to reports. The source told The Daily Mail: ‘Members of the family have told me that both Harry and Meghan will definitely come. ‘They fully expect that. ‘And they should realise that there is only one subject that many members of the Royal Family will be willing to discuss… and that’s the weather.’ Speaking about the fallout following the publication of Harry’s book, which contained a number of bombshell allegations about the Royal Family, the source added: ‘Harry revealed details of private conversations so everyone is on edge. ‘You ask about the Sussexes and everyone immediately changes the subject. ‘They are spitting feathers but not minded to provide any fuel for the fire.’ In Spare – which swiftly became the fastest-selling non-fiction book of all time, shifting almost 1.5 million copies on its first day of sale – Prince Harry detailed a number of explosive details regarding his relationship with his ‘beloved brother’ and ‘archnemesis’ William. This included an allegation that William had attacked Harry during an altercation after Prince Philip’s funeral in 2021, and that the older royal had insisted his younger brother pretend they didn’t know one another while at Eton College together. He also said that the Royal Family had routinely referred to him as the ‘heir and the spare’ during his childhood. Compared to more than 8,000 at the late Queen’s coronation, it is anticipated roughly 2,000 people will attend Charles’, including a number of national and foreign dignitaries along with several world leaders. RVSPs will be expected before the beginning of April, leaving just a few weeks for officials to make final arrangements. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.