Molly-Mae Hague has bid a proud goodbye to partner Tommy Fury alongside their three-week-old baby girl Bambi as he heads away for his fight with Jake Paul in Saudi Arabia. The new mum, 23, posted pictures to mark Tommy heading off after training camp to prepare for the boxing match – and made light of the fact that she was breastfeeding their daughter in both snaps. Taking to Instagram to share the photos to her Story on Wednesday night, the first showed a seated Molly at the table in a cream robe with a textured blanket over her shoulder and Bambi at her breast, with Tommy, also 23, in a black hoodie and baseball cap leaning down to pose next to them. ‘And he’s off to go and get that win. We will miss you dadda… So beyond proud of you,’ she wrote as a caption. The second snap was a sweet image of Molly leaning back to share a tender kiss with her partner, who wrapped his arm around her, with Bambi still busy feeding away. ‘Our champ,’ Molly wrote with a black love heart, adding in a smaller caption underneath her daughter’s head: ‘Bambi couldn’t get off the boob for the pic,’ and a cry-laughing emoji. The influencer, who was also busy rescuing her cat Eggy yesterday after he managed to get stuck on the roof, has previously opened up on her struggles with breastfeeding, like many new mums. Voicing her worries over expressing milk, she asked other new mums among her 7.1million followers for advice on how to ensure her breast milk supply was topped up after admitting to feeling ‘exhausted’. The former reality TV star shared: ‘Had a super low supply yesterday, literally couldn’t get a single droplet of milk from me. ‘So, for the first time, we had to give Bambi some formula because she just wasn’t sleeping from being starving/ not getting enough breast milk as my body couldn’t provide it’. Molly-Mae continued: ‘I think it’s from being so exhausted. ‘It was a really crap moment for me but I’m REALLY determined to not give up, hopefully it was just a bad day. I have just managed 4oz in one pump so that’s really perked me up [sic]’. Ahead of Tommy’s boxing match on February 26, with Molly previously revealing his schedule actually played a part in her opting to be induced, the PrettyLittleThing creative director is said to have ‘blocked’ her partner’s rival and his team on social media. Jake, 26, and Tommy have often become embroiled in online spats, with the former even ‘announcing’ the birth of Molly’s daughter Bambi prematurely. Reporting on Molly’s move, The Mirror noted videographers and Jake’s business partner have also been blocked. After Tommy and Molly confirmed the birth of their little girl late last month, the former was asked how he felt about Jake ‘leaking’ the news during an interview with Piers Morgan. The new dad said: ‘At the end of the day, all Jake Paul can do from wherever he is in this world is speculate, and that’s all that was. ‘Speculation, nothing is ever true unless you hear it from me and Molly.’ Talking about the ‘trash-talking’ that comes with public boxing matches like these, Tommy continued: ‘It’s part and parcel, it’s what we have to do. ‘It comes with the entertainment business, that’s what we’re in, and me and Jake Paul are great dance partners, and I’ve enjoyed the build up so far, it’s going to get a lot more heated, and I can’t wait’. ‘Social media can’t save Jake Paul, his mouth can’t save him, it comes down to fighting,’ Tommy added. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mary Poppins legend Dick Van Dyke, 97, sparks tears making history as oldest Masked Singer US contestant in ‘greatest reveal ever’ MORE : The King’s Singers’ university concert cancelled in Florida ‘over sexuality concerns’ 