As the dispute between the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers and the Rail Delivery Group continues, more rail strikes are on the way. The union has also accused the government of interfering in negotiations, even going so far as to publish an open letter to the Prime Minister back in December. The RMT represents 40,000 workers across various rail operators and Network Rail, meaning there is widespread disruption across the rail system when they strike. An offer from the RDG was recently rejected by the RMT, with the union saying it ‘did not meet the needs of members on pay, job security or working conditions.’ So, with many other sectors also taking industrial action, when are the next rail strikes set to take place? Here is what you need to know. Currently, four strike dates are coming up in March and April: It’s important to remember that, while correct at the time of writing, negotiations are ongoing, and passengers should always check journey details before travelling. An overtime ban will also be put into place, which will also lead to disruption. Like many industries, rail workers have been taking part in industrial action over pay and working conditions. In addition, the Rail Delivery Group often talks of the need for ‘modernisation’ in the delivery of rail services, with the RMT saying any changes that lead to compulsory redundancies are unacceptable. Announcing the latest strikes, Mick Lynch, RMT general secretary, said that members would take ‘sustained and targeted industrial action’ over the coming months. The RMT leader said: ‘Rail employers are not being given a fresh mandate by the government to offer our members a new deal on pay, conditions and job security. ‘The government can settle this dispute easily by unshackling the rail companies. ‘However, its stubborn refusal to do so will now mean more strike action across the railway network and a very disruptive overtime ban. ‘Ministers cannot continue to sit on their hands hoping this dispute will go away as our members are fully prepared to fight tooth and nail for a negotiated settlement in the months ahead.’ However, after the latest offer was rejected and the new strikes announced, an RDG spokesperson said: ‘This latest round of strikes is totally unjustified and will be an inconvenience to our customers, and cost our people more money at a time they can least afford it. ‘The RMT leadership’s decision not to put the deal out to a referendum means that thousands of their lowest paid members have been denied a chance to have a say on an offer which would give them a pay increase of over 13%. ‘The RMT agreed from the outset that the industry needed modernisation and understood that was how a pay rise could be funded. ‘After many months of extensive talks and meeting key demands on DOO, pay and job security, the leadership have now reneged on that position and say they not accept any reforms. They know that no employer who has lost 20% of its revenue could accept those terms. ‘The vital changes will not go away because the RMT refuses to engage with them. We remain open to having further talks, but urge the leadership to put the deal they negotiated with us to a democratic vote and allow their members – our people – a say their own future.’ The transport secretary, Mark Harper, also weighed in on the situation, calling the RMT’s rejection of the latest deal a ‘kick in the teeth for passengers across the country.’ MORE : Number of days lost to strikes is at its highest since the Thatcher era MORE : Will there be any more London bus strikes in February 2023? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below