Love Island bombshell Claudia Fogarty is getting to know Tom Clare in the villa  – but fans are certain it’s not the first time their paths have crossed. The 28-year-old made her debut on the ITV juggernaut series presented by Maya Jama on Tuesday, making quite the entrance in a red angel outfit. Given Tom’s reaction to Claudia’s, who is the daughter of I’m A Celeb winner Carl Fogarty, arrival, some have speculated the duo have met before. Looking stunned, Tom, 23, muttered: ‘Oh f**k’ with viewers convinced his reaction suggests he ‘knows her from somewhere.’ Fans may get to find out whether or not they have a romantic past on Wednesdats’s instalment of the reality show, with the fashion boutique own picking Tom for a date. In the morning, the Blackburn-born Islander receives a text inviting her to take two boys of her choice out on dates. Claudia picks Casey O’Gorman and Tom who all head out of the villa to enjoy a date each under a pergola set alongside a stunning sea view. First up is Tom who seems to be enjoying the company, commenting: ‘I think I got the best of both worlds, two very nice views, I can’t complain.’ When asked why she picked Tom, Claudia responds: ‘The northern charm, you’re very similar to me and you’ve got very good eye contact, I love that.’ But will their topics of conversation also cover a mutual past? Meanwhile, back at the villa Samie Elishi notices Tom’s absence and says: ‘I knew I liked him, but I think I like him a little bit more now.’ Next up is Casey’s date with Claudia; as they get talking she tells him: ‘I need to get to know everyone, but coming in last night I feel like I was so drawn to you.’ Claudia then asks Casey: ‘What would your ideal date be?’ Casey replies: ‘If I could picture a perfect date and a perfect girl it would be this.’ Oooh-er. Do you think Claudia Fogarty will turn any of the Islanders’ heads? Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 at 9pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu calls for donations in Turkey appeal after family members are forced to sleep outside MORE : Love Island’s new bombshell Claudia Fogarty has a particularly unusual ‘ick’ 