Tom Hanks was among the famous faces spotted partying at the Clive Davis pre-Grammy Gala ahead of the iconic music awards ceremony in Beverly Hills on Saturday. It had been three years since the legendary bash took place in person and plenty of stars donned glad rags for the glitzy event. The pre-Grammys tradition – which was first held in 1976 – was attended by acting royalty Tom and his wife Rita Wilson, who he met on the set of his sitcom Bosom Buddies. Looking dapper in a suit and tie, the A Man Called Otto star posed for pictures with his black jumpsuit-clad spouse on the red carpet event that warmed up celebrities for the main show on Sunday. Also showing up in support of the night that features performances and buckets of award show glamour, Cardi B and Offset made an appearance together. Arriving arm-in-arm with her musician partner, the I Like It rapper stunned in a patchworked leather and lace floor-length dress and finished off her look with matching opera gloves. Lizzo – who is nominated for best album – showed off her figure in a glittering fitted mini dress that featured an eye-catching metallic blue and silver trim. Supporting the arts, actress Sharon Stone walked the carpet in a fuchsia trouser suit that she paired with a matching frilly jacket. Brazilian singer and Grammy nominee for best new artist Anitta, wore a slinky black lacy number for the occasion. The Grammys are set to be hosted by comedian Trevor Noah for the third time and build up to the ceremony has audiences waiting in anticipation for a star-studded night packed with glittering performances. Taking place at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, the likes of Harry Styles, Lizzo and Jay Z have all been confirmed to play some of their biggest hits on the night. This year, the prestigious award show has recognised music’s best of the best with Beyonce leading the pack following nine nominations. Her comeback album Renaissance was listed as Insider’s best album of 2022 and it appears the celebrated artist is about to be showered with more accolades for her work. The event is set to start at 5pm PT/8pm EST, which will be 1am GMT on February 6 in the UK. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What to expect from Grammys 2023 – from Jay-Z performing alongside Harry Styles and another major mystery star taking to the stage MORE : Beyonce sparkles in metallic minidress on night out celebrating Grammys weekend with husband Jay Z  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 