Did you get what you wanted this January? Are you feeling proud, loved and optimistic? Forget Christmas – for the fan of club football, January 31 is when you really find out whether Santa’s been kind. The amount of money your club’s benevolent billionaire (or selfless state) has found for midfield reinforcements provides the ultimate in bragging rights. See – my daddy loves me best. And he’s the cleverest. Never mind that so few of the biggest-spending transfers have had a substantive impact on their new teams. Take a look, if you’re interested – Philippe Coutinho is the most amusing. And while Neymar and Kylian Mbappe are both top, top (top) players, they were brought to PSG as baubles. Champions-League-winning baubles, ideally. But this was no flexing of tactical nous. You suspect Moneyball guru Billy Beane would be unwelcome at the Parc des Princes. And this is the point. Star players signing for football clubs are largely a waste of money, if winning games of football is your aim. Forgive me: I have evidence. A few years back, two economists called David Sally and Chris Anderson wanted to find out how to build the greatest possible football team. The key question was whether the quality of your best player or of your worst player was more important. So they conducted a statistical analysis of major clubs in Europe and found if they were to improve their worst player they would score more and win more. Brilliant, problem solved. This January window suggests not enough clubs are reading Sally and Anderson’s research. Eye-catching £100million signings are the aspiration. So winning no prizes for cleverness are Chelsea who, despite spending five times more than any other Premier League club and signing the definitely brilliant Mykhailo Mudryk, still have a whiff of the shambolic. Some might consider it a warning sign when your own manager starts pleading for caution midway through the window. And Hakim Ziyech will certainly have views about his failed move to PSG. Even a decent-looking transfer like Pedro Porro to Tottenham rests on largely PR vibes. As Daniel Levy’s popularity continues to fall, he must be seen to overtly ‘back’ Antonio Conte to keep the fanbase happy. Because what’s lost in all of this talk about whether 22-year-old Enzo Fernandez – bought for £10m by Benfica six months ago – is ‘worth’ the British-record £106.8m Chelsea paid for him, is that these commodities are people. And – perhaps worse – that we, the consumers of relentless updates and rolling televisual excitement, are also human. Now, I was once a Sky Sports News presenter, shiny purveyor of breathless plane tracking and burofax intricacies. And, frankly, deadline day was amazing. Hordes of amped-up reporters, diligent producers and charming guests all converging on a telly event that did feel like being at the centre of something big. So I hope you won’t find me hypocritical if I point out what I’ve learned since, which is that all of this is unhealthy. The obsessive phone-refreshing, one-upmanship and financial willycoptering would be pointless enough if the circus hadn’t also been proven to have little to no positive impact on the future of your team. Or of the people within it. It feels unreal, like a game, and it can be actively fun to speculate and to hope for signings. But the hours you’re squandering on Anthony Gordon angst add up. And you’ve only got 672,000 of those available, in an averagely long life. A little more than one for every pound Fernandez will earn for two weeks’ work. Annoying, isn’t it? But one of these things really is important. @kvlmason MORE : Enzo Fernandez wants to take Chelsea to ‘the next level’ after record-breaking transfer MORE : Jakub Kiwior’s agent names three clubs that wanted to beat Arsenal to January transfer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.