More and more men are battling eating disorders in silence – facing ‘prolonged suffering’ as they struggle to access help. UK hospital admissions for eating disorders have increased by 84% in the last five years reaching a total of 24,268 admissions. In the last five years alone, there has been a stark rise of 128% in boys and men with eating disorders. Experts say many are still failing to seek professional help due to feelings of shame in not conforming to toxic stereotypes of someone with an eating disorder. Charlie Jenkins, 23, suffered in silence as he battled anorexia, barely eating and requiring hospitalisation to medically stabilise his physical health. His family realised something was wrong when he refused to eat meals with them and saw his energy levels plummet. Charlie reached out for help in July but had battled to receive a referral for further treatment. He’s one of more than one million people in the UK who have an an eating disorder, with 25% of those being male. The 23-year-old had to drop out of studying his Master’s degree in Anthropology, Environment and Development MSc at UCL to focus on his recovery. He said: ‘I knew I had a problem because I kept losing weight, having already been underweight for several years. I refused to eat with anyone and took several hours to finish meals. ‘My symptoms were fatigue and low energy, as well as difficulty concentrating on anything but food, all of which made life very difficult. ‘My illness interfered with my life goals and weakened my relationship with my family. It made me feel like a failure because of this, but also gave me some affirmation when I finally got the body I had wanted for most of my life. ‘By that point, however, I could barely do any work or even feed myself. My illness took away much more than it gave me, in other words.’ Charlie is speaking out and sharing his harrowing story to highlight ‘Eating Disorders Awareness Week 2023’, which runs February 27 – March 5. Experts fear the number of people struggling with conditions such as anorexia could continue unless urgent action is taken. The increase has been fuelled by a multitude of factors such as the pandemic, the wealth of image-obsessed reality TV shows and social media which encourages a ‘quest for body perfection’. This year, the awareness week focuses on raising awareness about boys and men who are suffering with eating disorders, many in secret – something that is not widely recognised even among healthcare professionals and is rarely talked about. Thankfully, Charlie’s story has a happy ending after the 23-year-old sought intervention from London-based Orri. The team at the company provides recovery-focused specialist treatment service for eating disorders – and have been shocked at the rise of referrals. Psychotherapist Kerrie Jones, founder & CEO at Orri, said: ‘Men are left out in the narrative with eating disorders and subsequently suffer in silence. ‘Historically, eating disorders have been perceived as illnesses that affect women. ‘In not conforming to the stereotype of someone with an eating disorder, men face a double burden. Many men with eating disorders can feel too ashamed to visit their GP due to myths and stereotypes surrounding the illness. ‘And even if they do, when diagnosing them their GPs may not consider anorexia or bulimia. Their BMI might be normal, which can be misleading when trying to diagnose an eating disorder.’ Despite being perceived as illnesses affecting women, eating disorders do not discriminate and anyone, of any age, gender, race or background can develop one at some point in their life, Kerrie continuned. She’s also seen how conditions affect the LGBTQ+ community, with 34% diagnosed with eating disorder in their lifetime. There’s also been a huge rise in the number of Black minorities presenting at Orri. Kerrie hopes action can be taken to improve the entire country’s attitudes to food and ‘fad’ diets. For the younger generation who ‘live’ on their phone rather than ‘go’ on their hone, educate them soon ad help them grow with more balanced perspective. Charlie has shared his journey to help those who may be struggling to find answers. He’s still in recovery, the process can take years, but is doing ‘much better’ and can eat meals with others. Charlie now has a healthy BMI and has strengthened his relationship with his family – and is even making plans to return to university. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘My number one advie would be reach out for help sooner rather than later. ‘I initially went through my GP and this was my third time I’d asked to be referred to an NHS eating disorder service. ‘My first two attempts came with nothing, the referrals went nowhere. It’s a long wait which is harder when you’re exhausted, but you can get through it.’ As part of ‘EDAW 2023’, Orri is calling on families and friends to ‘Remember your BROS’ which highlights the importance of mindful conversation, education, action, and the opportunity that comes from challenging the narrative around how people can be impacted by an eating disorder: ‘The most important thing is to reach out – you don’t have to figure this out on your own,’ explained Kerrie. ‘There are many services that can help someone understand their problem and explore avenues for support. The eating disorders charity, Beat, have a brilliant helpline open every day of the year. Your GP can help with a referral for an assessment for support, and there are many private therapists or services like Orri who can talk through your options. ‘We are also encouraging people to observe others’ behaviours closely and with kindness, look beyond the typical symptoms to the underlying emotional context, and take action so that people aren’t left alone in their difficulty.’ ‘The underestimation of how many men are struggling is likely due to the fact that there’s no one way to have an eating disorder,’ Kerrie added. ‘The more nuanced symptoms of an eating disorder may go overlooked, especially if these symptoms reflect ‘values’ of modern life that are celebrated and idolised. ‘For instance, over-exercising or eating healthily (eg: ‘clean eating’) may be understood as someone simply trying to be healthy, when in fact they are pushing their body to the extreme or putting their relationships at risk in order to maintain a regimented lifestyle. ‘A restrictive relationship to food can be rebranded as ‘cutting’ and ‘bulking’, going on a ‘detox’ or ‘cleanse’. ‘If these come at the consequence of someone’s mental and physical health, these are warning signs of a bigger problem.’ For further information about specialist eating disorder treatment service Orri, please visit: www.orri-uk.com Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.