Cruz Beckham was seen leaving London’s The Firehouse in the early hours of the morning as he celebrated his coming of age with his girlfriend Tana Holding. The third boy of David and Victoria Beckham took advantage of turning 18 and enjoyed his first night out on the town as a fully legal adult on Monday. Cruz donned a casual outfit as he and his partner Tana left the celebrity hotspot at 2.45am after spending the evening with a circle of A-lister guests. The 18-year-old wore a blue hoodie underneath a leather baseball bomber jacket and sported a backwards cap on his head. He paired the jacket with a pair of black baggy trousers and squeaky clean black and white trainers. Tana complimented his look with an all-black ensemble that featured a satin top, oversized blazer and suit trousers. She clutched a blue fluffy shoulder bag and topped the outfit off with a pair of trainers to match her famous beau. The young couple were first spotted together last April in London. With many details about the blonde beauty still unknown, it is thought that she lives in the capital city and has previously worked as a model. Last July, the lovebirds joined Cruz’s star-studded family on an ostentatious European getaway, during which they stopped down in Neranoâ, Italy. The Beckham offspring was previously known to have dated Bliss Chapman, who he was in a relationship with for 18 months before they supposedly decided to go their separate ways in March of last year. Cruz’s birthday celebrations came after he debuted his new £32,900 Rolex watch that was given to him as a gift during his big day on Monday. While downing his first legal pint with his ex-footballer father David and his older brother Romeo, 20, at a London pub, the aspiring singer showed off a solid gold Rolex. Dad David and his wife Victoria took to Instagram to upload a number of photo galleries in honour of their little boy’s birthday. His popstar mum captioned her tribute: ‘Happy Birthday Cruzie!! We all love you so much and are so proud of the incredible young man you have become. ‘You are our everything. Happy 18th superstar [sic]’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cruz Beckham enjoys first legal drink as parents David and Victoria shower him with love on 18th birthday MORE : Victoria and David Beckham whisk kids Harper and Cruz off on skiing trip 