More London Underground workers are joining strikes on Budget Day. Members of the RMT union will take industrial action on March 15 in a row over pensions, job losses and contractual agreement, it’s been announced. They join thousands of other unhappy workers across the UK who will walk out as Chancellor Jeremy Hunt sets out his financial vision for the country. Tube drivers represented by the Aslef union had already announced industrial action for the same day. Junior doctors, teachers and more than 100,000 civil servants are also among those striking. RMT said today in a statement that London Underground Ltd (LUL) has started to impose 600 station staff job losses. The company, owned by TfL, has refused to rule out attacks on pensions or ripping up agreements on conditions of work, it’s claimed. TfL has denied proposing changes to anyone’s pension and has called on RMT and Aslef to ‘call off this damaging strike’. RMT today accused TfL bosses of ‘refusing to stand up to ministers’ and ‘trying to make our members pay’. ‘Our members will never accept job losses, attacks on their pensions or changes to working conditions in order to pay for a funding cut which is the government’s political decision’, General secretary Mick Lynch said. ‘Tube workers provide an essential service to the capital, making sure the city can keep moving and work long hours in demanding roles. ‘In return they deserve decent pensions, job security and good working conditions and RMT will fight and tooth nail to make sure that’s what they get.’ Nick Dent, Director of Customer Operations at TfL, has responded saying: ‘We have not proposed changes to anyone’s pensions. ‘We have been working with our trade unions to see how we can make London Underground a fairer and more sustainable place. ‘We want to make London Underground a better place to work so we urge ASLEF and the RMT to call off this damaging strike and continue working with us.’ Speaking ahead of the RMT announcement, Transport for London commissioner Mr Lord urged all unions to stop industrial action, saying ‘nobody would win’. Transport secretary, Mark Harper has named the RMT’s rejection of the latest proposed deal a ‘kick in the teeth for passengers across the country.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.