Billy Sharp blasted ‘disrespectful’ Wrexham after Sheffield United sealed a 3-1 victory in their FA Cup fourth-round replay on Tuesday evening. Wrexham’s FA Cup run has come to an end as Sharp and Sander Berge scored in injury time to secure the win for the Championship side, who play Tottenham in the fifth round. The Welsh club’s profile has been raised due to the co-ownership of Hollywood actors Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney, but Sharp was unhappy with the team’s conduct in the build up to the tie against Sheffield United. ‘It was a great cup tie over the two games. They played excellent,’ Sharp told ITV4 after the game. ‘I think they’ve been disrespectful, though, a few things before the game, thinking they were already through. I am glad we beat them. ‘They are doing well in their league, we are doing well in ours but I wasn’t happy with a few of their players tonight. But that’s it now, we’ve got one over on them, good luck to them for promotion. ‘Hopefully we can put that one to bed now because a few of their players I weren’t happy with, a little bit frustrating at the end there, I should probably have put the game to bed before I did but it’s one of those things, I want to win and get through to the next round.’ When asked what he wasn’t happy with, Sharp replied: ‘The way they’ve been as a club before the game, eyeing up Spurs – they’ve not even beaten us. ‘We’re an honest set of lads, we want to go as far as we can in this competition, if we get beat in the next round so be it, we’ll give it a right go. ‘I think they thought we would just roll over when they got back in it and I think the referee was helping them all night as well, I don’t think he gave me one foul all night tonight, but it’s one of those things, probably lost my head a little bit but I’ve got a smile on my face because we’re through to the next round and the boys deserve it.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 