Married at First Sight Australia’s Martha Kalifatidis has admitted that she was unhappy when she found out the gender of her unborn child. Appearing on the sixth season of the reality TV series in 2019, make-up artist Martha, 34, was matched with teacher Michael Brunelli, 31. Announcing they were having their first child in September last year, earlier this week the pair publicly announced the sex of their baby. However, Martha then candidly shared that she was ‘devastated’ to learn she was having a boy. ‘Guys I was 100% sure I was having a girl, like I had only opened girl clothing tabs on my phone, I was so convinced,’ she said when being interviewed on KISS FM’s radio show Will & Woody. ‘There was no chance in my mind it was going to be a boy, I had planned my whole life for this girl. “I’ll be so honest with you guys. At the beginning, I was devastated like I was so upset.’ She added: ‘It took me a few days to like come to terms with it.’ With their baby due in March, the couple shared a video earlier this week where they wrote: ‘Oh boy, do we have news’. In the clip, Martha showed off her baby bump before the video cut to a sonogram where the couple asked the sonologist ‘not to tell’ them the gender. They explained they instead chose to learn the gender of their first child by having a jeweller make a diamond ring with either blue or pink gems in it. They also shared several videos of family and friends making their guess about the gender. However, when opening the box that contained the ring and Michael yelled out they were having a boy, the couple embraced and celebrated the news. Former MAFS bride Jules Robinson, who appeared on the same season as the couple and has since got married and had a child with her match Cameron Merchant, commented ‘congratulations’ on the post. Married at First Sight is streaming on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Married At First Sight couple discover they’re actually related on wedding day in a plot twist no one saw coming MORE : Married At First Sight has most explosive wedding yet after bride discovers husband’s secret 