The Brit Awards took over London on Saturday night and saw stars from all over return to the 02 arena in the hopes of bagging a big prize. Full of performances and outrageous attire, the night was held together once again by frontman Mo Gilligan and the red carpet was manned by broadcasters Roman Kemp, Maya Jama and Clara Amfo. Entering its second year of non-gendered categories, the awards faced controversy surrounding their nominations for artist of the year which featured only males. Harry Styles, Fred Again, George Ezra, Central Cee and Stormzy were to battle it our for top spot on the night and – to no real surprise following his wins at last week’s Grammys – Harry came out victorious, clutching all four gongs he was nominated for. He was also one of the first acts to take the stage and delighted a roaring crowd with a performance of his hit single As It Was. While accepting one of his many awards on the night, the former One Direction star gave an adorable shout-out to his ex-band members and offered fans a massive throwback to the Directioner days. Moving on from Mr Styles, viewers also witnessed Mo make a naming faux-pas when he introduced Lewis Capaldi ahead of his performance as Sam. The popstar was due to give an acoustic showing of his Forget Me chart-topper and mellowed out a crowd who remained baffled at the name slip. Mo later apologised for the mistake and blamed the strong alcoholic drinks on offer at the seemingly boozy ceremony for his slip-up. Aside from Lewis, Wet Leg sang their hearts out following an astonishing double Grammy win the week before. Belting out Chaise Longue, the Isle of Wight duo also shyly accepted two Brit wins on the evening for best new artist and group of the year. Elsewhere, Sam Smith and Kim Petras offered another rendition of their hit Unholy which ended in a raunchy kiss and Stormzy serenaded the London arena with his performance of Hide and Seek. Tom Grennan joined Ellie Goulding in presenting the award for best new artist and caused a stir online with his comments about the singer’s breasts. Unclear whether it was a planned skit or a poor choice of a joke, the hitmaker peered at his co-presenter’s chest and made a remark about her outfit that featured a detailed mould of a female’s bust. Fans on Twitter deemed the move ‘inappropriate’ and called the chart-topper out for his behaviour. Beyonce also took home a gong for best international artist and dropped in to send a message to fans and audience members from across the water. Other top moments from the evening included a show-stopping performance from nominee Cat Burns, an uncharacteristically quiet acceptance speech from the usually outrageous Matty Healy and a bizarre – yet brilliant – red carpet black latex puffed-out suit moment from Sam Smith. The Brit Awardsis available to stream on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brit Awards descends into chaos with ‘technical difficulties,’ forcing show to repeat Adele performance from 2022 MORE : Maya Jama accidentally lets slip ‘secret’ of when she’ll next be back on Love Island while at the Brit Awards 