The woman Prince Harry lost his virginity to as a teenager has joked he has ‘traded down’ by marrying Meghan Markle. Last month, the Duke of Sussex detailed his ‘quick ride’ with an older woman in a field behind a pub in his warts-and-all memoir, Spare. He never mentioned Sasha Walpole, who is two years older than him, by name when describing the ‘inglorious episode’. But the now mother-of-two came forward as the woman the Prince reportedly lost virginity to in a MailOnline article last week. Speaking on Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTV tonight, the digger driver said Harry is ‘not the boy that I remember’ since 2001. ‘It’s been a bit of a whirlwind week, and hopefully, it’s a means to an end and I can get back, and back to normality go back to work, drive my digger… hide back under my rock,’ she told Piers, a long-term critic of Harry and Meghan. Though what happened between Sasha and Harry didn’t involve Meghan, Piers asked Sasha about her thoughts on the Duchess of Sussex. Sasha said: ‘I sit on the fence, I don’t know the lady. I wish him all the best. I wish him the happiest.’ ‘He is not the boy that I remember, that’s for sure. But again, I am not in his shoes. I have no idea what’s going on in his head. ‘I haven’t seen him for 21 years, but you know, you make your own happiness.’ Piers asked Sasha whether Harry has ‘traded up or down’ by marrying Meghan. ‘Definitely down,’ Sasha replied. Piers claimed Harry would have been ‘happier’ with Sasha, to which she replied: ‘Perhaps I should take him a tray of shots and just talk it over.’ Sasha said she wishes the Prince had given her a ‘heads up’ before writing in his bestselling autobiography about their one-time sexual encounter. He wrote that, as a 17-year-old Eton student, he lost his virginity to an ‘older woman’ in a field behind a ‘very busy pub’. It was, looking back Harry said, ‘a humiliating episode with an older woman who liked macho horses and who treated me like a young stallion’. ‘He could have given me a heads up, you know – “I’m going to put it in the book”,’ Sasha said. ‘Even if he didn’t ask if it was okay, at least give me an option of what to do about it.’ Harry and Meghan, who stepped down from royal life in 2020, have been on a campaign to tell their story in recent years. Through their interview with Oprah Winfrey and their Netflix docuseries, the couple opened up about the isolation they faced within Windsor Castle and the struggles of dealing with the tabloids. Spare was the latest chapter of this, where Harry detailed the rift between him and his family, including his brother, Prince William. Asked about the two princes’ relationship, Sasha said: ‘I do feel that with any family, any conflict is sad because life is too short.’ On what she would say to William and Harry if she saw them again, she said: ‘Life’s too short. Just sort out your differences and just chat. ‘But I probably will never be in a pub with the two of them again!’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.