Love Island’s Kai Fagan won the favour of fans during Monday night’s episode after they deemed his date with Casa Amor contestant Sanam Harrinanan an example of a true connection. The show saw the islander – who was formerly paired up with Olivia Hawkins – spend a sunny afternoon in a kayak with Sanam after the new couple were sent on their first date. Kai’s romantic moment came after he refused to apologise to ring girl and ex-flame Olivia when confronted by her in the villa. Both individuals returned to the main house with new partners following the Casa Amor test, however, it seemed the petite brunette wasn’t ready to let go of Kai just yet. Pulling him for a chat, she let her strong feelings be known and demanded the PE teacher apologise for a lack of clarity. She began: ‘I wanted to pull you for a chat because when I went to Casa things were good, things were really good and I just want to know what made you have these feelings. ‘Thinking I’m not genuine, that I’m fake, I just want to know where that’s come from. ‘That’s not the person I thought I knew, they’re very strong things to say. I do expect an apology for those comments.’ Kai responded by refusing to bow down and said: ‘I’m not apologising for anything… that’s how I felt at the time.’ Following the heated exchange, Kai was offered the chance to see whether there was a real connection between himself and newbie Sanam outside the villa’s watchful eyes. The duo were sent to paddle around in kayaks and shared a sweet moment that didn’t go unnoticed by eagle-eyed fans. Taking to Twitter, they shared their verdicts on the couple’s ability to survive the competition. One fan penned: ‘Lol olivia always getting triggered by being called fake, shows it’s something she’s always been accused of. Kai has never been more likeable than he has with shutting her down [sic].’ Another commented: ‘I’ve decided that Kai and Sanam are my new favs. She’s actually brought out his personality! [sic]’. ‘Sick of the rest of the couples now, just show me Kai and Sanam, because that date was wholesome!’ was a further fan reaction posted on social media. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island All Star series ‘in the works’ with iconic islanders ‘set to return’ MORE : Love Island fans living for Maya Jama’s black latex jumpsuit – here’s where to shop the look 