King Charles has praised the ‘remarkable courage’ of Ukrainians on the one-year anniversary of the war. On February 24, Putin launched his invasion of Donbas and termed it a ‘special military operation’. In a statement today, the King said: ‘It has now been a year that the people of Ukraine have suffered unimaginably from an unprovoked full-scale attack on their nation. ‘They have shown truly remarkable courage and resilience in the face of such human tragedy. ‘The world has watched in horror at all the unnecessary suffering inflicted upon Ukrainians, many of whom I have had the great pleasure of meeting here in the U.K. and, indeed, across the world, from Romania to Canada. ‘Earlier this month I met President Zelensky at Buckingham Palace to express my personal support for the people of Ukraine. ‘It is heartening that the United Kingdom, along with its allies, is doing everything possible to help at this most difficult time. ‘Therefore, I can only hope the outpouring of solidarity from across the globe may bring not only practical aid, but also strength from the knowledge that, together, we stand united.’ It was signed ‘Charles R’ at the bottom. The ‘R’ signifies ‘Rex’, the Latin title for King, which Charles immediately inherited when his mother died. On Twitter, the Prince and Princess of Wales retweeted the statement and added the Ukrainian flag emoji. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with King Charles for the first time in February. The pair shook hands at Buckingham Palace and the King held an audience with the leader for the first time since the outbreak of war. As dawn broke today, on the anniversary of the war, Mr Zelensky tweeted that Ukrainians had proven themselves to be ‘invincible’ in what he called ‘a year of pain, sorrow, faith and unity’. ‘We know that 2023 will be the year of our victory!’ he wrote. In a defiant video address, Mr Zelensky also recalled the terror unleashed a year ago by the Russian assault, triggering Europe’s biggest and deadliest war since the Second World War. He said February 24, 2022, the date of the Russian invasion, was ‘the longest day of our lives.’ Zelensky said: ‘We survived the first day of the full-scale war. We didn’t know what tomorrow would bring, but we clearly understood that for each tomorrow, you need to fight. And we fought,’ he said. Ukrainians planned memorials, candle vigils and other remembrances for their tens of thousands of dead – a toll growing all the time as fighting rages on. There were concerns that Russia might unleash another barrage of missiles against Ukraine to mark a year since Putin’s invasion. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.