London’s historic Mayfair Curzon cinema is set to shut its doors to allow for ambitious redevelopment plans costing up to £15million. The cinema will be closing in 2024 when its lease expires, it has been confirmed. It’s currently managed by 38 Cursor Lease Ltd who are planning an ambitious refurb – subject to planning permission. This would see the landlords manage a new cinema and returning it to its original one-screen set-up. Dam Zaum, who is managing director landlord-developers 38 Curzon Lease Ltd, promised they are passionate about keeping ‘cinema at the heart’ of the attraction. He told Time Out: ‘We will bring the Mayfair Cinema back to life, restoring its beautiful original features and giving it the very latest technology. ‘I see the Mayfair Cinema being reinstated to its former glory and reinventing the art of cinema-going. ‘This iconic piece of architecture and integral part of London’s cinematic history is yearning for revival.’ The proposed plans include a new bar and restaurant as well as wider range of ticket prices. The group also oversaw the development of Bank’s The Ned hotel and Camden’s Koko. But some fans of the iconic film hub were disheartened by the news and took to social media to react. One wrote: ‘Such upsetting news. @CurzonCinemas@CurzonMayfair please don’t give up the fight.’ ‘Another icon reduced to dust,’ commented another. Others shared worries that the redevelopment plans will turn it into ‘unaffordable’ attraction. ‘So they are gonna turn it into an unaffordable members cinema which will probably cost the price of a month’s worth of Cineworld, Odeon or Curzon membership to see 1 film,’ one person commented. Someone else replied: ‘Terrible. The landlords have got out of a sticky situation by saying they will keep it as a cinema after refurbishment but as a special experience. Which means it’s gonna be about £30 for a ticket. @CurzonCinemas Another film fan pleaded: ‘@CurzonMayfair don’t give up the fight!’ The Curzon group are still hopeful they have a chance to keep hold of the building, saying in a statement: ‘We are resolved to engage constructively with the landlord to find an amicable solution over the lease of the venue. ‘Curzon Mayfair is one of London’s most loved cinemas and has been an integral part of the local community since it first opened its doors in 1934. ‘The agreement of a new long-term lease will give us the certainty to make a substantial investment in the building as part of a major refurbishment programme. ‘We have the support of the local community, with more than 10,000 people signing our petition and backing from prominent figures across the film industry.’ Just two weeks ago, the cinema welcomed Stephen Spielberg for the premiere of his new film The Fabelmans. ‘We believe only Curzon, with its unique place within the film industry, can continue the distinctive cinema programme and thriving events provision which constitutes the rich history of Curzon Mayfair,’ they added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.