Olive oil. It’s thick, it’s greasy. You hear horror stories of gym-goers attempting to bulk up by adding olive oil in their protein shakes due to the high calorie count. Sounds a bit unpleasant and gross, right? Well, Starbucks doesn’t think so. In fact, it wants you to keep an open mind as it brings out it’s latest range which is due to come to the UK later this year. Launching in Italy today, the birthplace of Starbucks, is the olive oil coffee range. You read us right, there will be olive oil in the coffee. The coffee range will also debut in Southern California this spring, before reaching the UK at an undisclosed date. So what do these beverages, known as the Oleato range, include? There’s the Oleato Caffe Latte, the Oleato Iced Cortado, the Oleato Golden Foam Cold Brew, the Oleato Deconstructed and the Oleato Golden Foam Espresso Martini. But are these coffees really that out there? After all, we already have olive oil and sea salt ice cream – and of course, olive oil cake. Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz, who had the lightbulb idea for the new range, said: ‘Now, there’s going to be people who say, “Olive oil in coffee?” But the proof is in the cup. ‘In over 40 years, I can’t remember a moment in time where I’ve been more excited, more enthused that demonstrates the pride, the quality, the passion, the heritage and the craft of what Starbucks can do.’ The Oleato Caffe Latte is made from Starbucks Reserve Espresso and creamy oatmilk infused with Partanna extra virgin olive oil, creating a velvety latte. Now that actually sounds quite delicious if you ask us. The Oleato Golden Foam Cold Brew is lightly sweetened with vanilla syrup and finished with Partanna extra virgin olive oil infused cold foam. We’re unsure if we’ll be getting the espresso martini blend in the UK (sigh), but you can dream. We can’t get our hands on the Starbucks range just yet, so Lifestyle Editor Rachel Moss tried to make her own at home, by adding a teaspoon of olive oil to her usual 11am cup. ‘It looks… interesting,’ she says. ‘No matter how much I stir, the oily bubbles on the surface of my coffee will not disappear. Surprisingly, the flavour is altered very little, but the mouthfeel is definitely fatty, dare I say, slimy. Let’s hope the Starbucks range is far better than my DIY version.’ Is olive oil coffee a new concept? No. And neither is adding fat to our brews. After all a lot of us add cream, syrup and even butter to our coffee. But adding olive oil to your brew certainly isn’t a popular practice. Yet. The new Starbucks range could come to the UK later this year, so why not give it a go? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Kim Truong reveals what it’s like being the nail artist to the Kardashians and Hollywood stars MORE : The results of the four-day working week trial are in and it’s good news for your future MORE : We tried Merit beauty, the cult American brand that’s just landed in the UK – here’s what we honestly think