Carey Mulligan’s baby bump had its first major outing at the 2023 Baftas. It was reported in January that the actress, 37, is expecting another child child with husband Marcus Mumford. The An Education actor, 37, and the Little Lion Man singer, 35, currently share daughter Evelyn, seven, and son Wilfred, five, and are thought to be expecting another bundle of joy to their family. Carey’s rep confirmed to People, the US publication reported, that she was expecting a tot after stepping out at the AFI Awards at the Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles on Friday. Now, she’s been seen with a bump on the Baftas red carpet, looking stunning in an all-black ensemble. The She Said actress beamed as she posed for cameras in her floor-length gown, with long sleeves to keep her warm and a chic square neckline. She accessorised with a very fancy silver chain featuring emerald stones, which complemented the matching rock on her finger. As for hair, Carey kept it natural, wearing her blonde locks in a wavy bob. She opted for a neutral make-up palette as well, allowing all the focus to be on her designer fabrics and the hint of bump just about showing through. The Promising Young Woman star was flying solo on the Baftas carpet, as she and the I Will Wait performer tend to keep details about their relationship private. They do sometimes cuddle up at starry events, though. In fact, in 2021, the pop star hilariously gatecrashed Carey’s episode of US sketch show Saturday Night Live during her opening monologue. After she made gags, including about her likeness to fellow actor Michelle Williams, Marcus popped up with an acoustic guitar, joking he left their children in the care of ‘the Sons’. He proceeded to volunteer to be the week’s musical guest, a slot already occupied by rapper Kid Cudi. ‘If they end up needing anyone, I’m very happy to do it,’ he offered. Carey married the Mumford and Sons rocker in a secret wedding in a converted barn on a Gloucestershire farm in 2012, with stars including Sienna Miller and Colin Firth said to be among the guests. Meanwhile, this year’s Baftas ceremony has moved to the Royal Festival Hall from its previous location of the Royal Albert Hall, which had hosted the show since 2017. Netflix’s anti-war epic All Quiet On The Western Front leads the pack with 14 nominations. The Banshees Of Inisherin, starring Colin Farrell, and Everything Everywhere All At Once, featuring Michelle Yeoh, follow close behind with 10 nominations each. MORE : Anya Taylor-Joy rocks up to Baftas wearing magical caped look and people are in total awe MORE : Vera Wang, 73, hailed ‘immortal’ by the internet as she stuns in crop top and silk dress on Baftas red carpet 