Regé-Jean Page has been a frontrunner to replace Daniel Craig has James Bond for some time alongside the likes of Tom Hardy and Idris Elba. But when asked about the coveted gig in a new interview, the Bridgerton star made it clear he’s been steering clear of all the hearsay. In fact, the 34-year-old actor insisted the idea of playing 007 hasn’t really ‘occupied his thoughts’. Addressing the rumours, Page said: ‘It’s a conversation people are having, and it’s terribly flattering that they’re having it. I leave them to it.’ As for whether he’d accept the role if it was offered to him, Page said in a matter-of-fact manner: ‘I have no idea. It’s not a thing that is fully occupying my thoughts.’ He added to Vanity Fair: ‘I’ve got enough on my plate at the moment. I worry about the work I have, not other people’s jobs.’ Craig bowed out of the franchise in 2021 after five outings as 007, with his stint in the role stretching back all the way to 2006. Speaking in October, Bond producer Barbara Broccoli said she was looking to replace Craig before the year was out, but that doesn’t appear to have happened. Broccoli also categorically denied that Bond will ever be played by a woman. Producers have also said they will be looking for someone willing to take a 10-12 year commitment – a big ask for any actor. Elsewhere in his new interview, published this week, Page revealed the simple and pretty unglamorous reason behind his Bridgerton exit. Fans were left devastated when it was announced that the supremely sexy character Simon Basset wouldn’t return to Netflix’s Regency-era romance series – which also stars Phoebe Dynevor and Jonathan Bailey. Although fans were hoping The Gray Man actor would make a surprise cameo, Page expressed there are currently no plans for a character return. Addressing why he didn’t appear alongside his beloved Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe) in season two, he said: ‘I signed up to do a job and I did the job and then I did some other jobs. That’s it. That’s the story.’ ‘I wish it was more glamorous than that,’ he added. Well, there you have it folks. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jodie Foster heads to the Arctic in first look at HBO’s True Detective season 4 MORE : Love Island’s Faye Winter confirms split from Teddy Soares after two years together 