Keke Palmer has welcomed her first child with boyfriend Darius Jackson. The Nope star shared the happy news on Monday, revealing that she’d named her little boy Leodis Andrellton Jackson. Keke, 29, posted a series of snaps of herself in hospital and even a heart-melting photo of her adorable newborn. ‘Hey Son!!!!’ Keke wrote. ‘Born during Black History Month, with a name to match.’ In a lengthy caption, the star explained that she and Darius had been parents for 48 hours, writing: ‘1. Only 48hrs of being parents!’ The mum-of-one went on: ‘2. Darius always made me playlists when we first started dating, Someone by El Debarge was a favourite. We became each other’s someone and made a someone, look at God! ‘3. The baby love Rolling Ray, cause purrr. 4. I’m not hiding the world from my son, I’m hiding my son from the world. Hahaha 5. I’m just playing, my baby face is on this slide.’ Keke added: ‘6. And this slide. Born during Black History Month, with a name to match! LEODIS ANDRELLTON JACKSON, welcome to the world baby Leo.’ The actress revealed her pregnancy news in the most iconic way possible, unveiling her growing bump during her SNL monologue in December. ‘There’s some rumours going around,’ she said during her opening monologue. ‘People have been in my comments saying, “Keke’s having a baby, Keke’s pregnant,” and I want to set the record straight.’ Ripping open the jacket to reveal her baby bump, she delightedly declared: ‘I am! ‘I’ve got to say, it’s bad when people on the internet spread rumours about you, y’all, but it’s even worse when they’re correct! ‘But honestly, this has been the biggest blessing and I am so excited guys, I’m going to be a mum!’ Keke and Darius are thought to have met in May 2021 and went Instagram official in August of that same year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Tony Clay reveals significant changes for Callum Highway’s character in new story MORE : Games Inbox: Too many Pokémon games, GTA 6 in the news, and Ridge Racer on Switch  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 