A man who was driving through Nicola Bulley’s village the day before she disappeared says he saw two men wearing hoods and acting ‘odd’, it has been reported. The mum-of-two was last seen in St Michael’s on Wyre on the morning of January 27, with her phone and dog discovered a short time later. The anonymous witness said he was driving through the tiny Lancashire village as he travelled to work at around 7.45am on January 26 when he spotted the pair in the graveyard of a local church. He told The Sun on Sunday: ‘I saw two men wearing dark clothing and hoods or hats and ­carrying fishing rods. ‘They could have been just two normal fishermen, and if I had seen their faces I probably wouldn’t have thought anything of it. ‘But I remembered that they seemed to want to hide their faces, which struck me as odd. ‘It wasn’t particularly cold that day – it was quite mild, so their behaviour, to me, seemed strange.’ He also said he caught a ‘glimpse’ of one of the men again the following day, at around the same time – less than an hour and a half before Nicola was last seen. The man said he went to police with the information on the Monday after she was reported missing, then called twice more the following Friday and the Monday after that. Police only got back to him two days after his third call, he said. He told the newspaper: ‘It’s frustrating. It would have been much better if I had been spoken to straight away as it was fresher in my mind.’ In recent days, friends and family of Nicola have left several messages of hope and support with yellow ribbons at a bridge near St Michael’s on Wyre. Among them was her partner Paul Ansell, who has been at the centre of the high-profile campaign drawing public attention to the disappearance. He and other people close to Nicola have voiced doubt over the police’s belief that she fell into the River Wyre while walking her dog Willow. Speaking to Channel 5’s Dan Walker last week, Paul said he is ‘100 per cent sure’ that’s not what happened, adding: ‘People don’t just vanish into thin air, it’s absolutely impossible.’ Nicola’s neighbour Charlotte Drake agreed when she spoke to Metro.co.uk, saying: ‘As neighbours and friends, we’ve all said from 11am on day one when the police showed up… “She’s not in that river.” ‘My gut feeling remains the same. I honestly believe Nikki is not in the water.’ In their latest Facebook update, Lancashire Police said they still believe she fell in the river and emphasised there is ‘absolutely nothing’ to suggest anything untoward has happened to her. The post continued: ‘Unfortunately, we continue to see groundless and hurtful abuse of innocent people, including witnesses and local businesses, which is totally unacceptable. ‘We also continue to see a huge amount of commentary from so-called experts, ill-informed speculation and conspiracy theories which is damaging to the investigation, the community of St Michael’s and, worst of all, to Nicola’s family. ‘It must stop.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.