Megan Fox has commented on cheating rumours circulating about her relationship with Machine Gun Kelly. The 36-year-old brunette rushed to defend the musician’s female guitarist Sophie Lloyd after she became wrapped up in the infamous couple’s drama. Making her return to Instagram having previously deactivated her account, the Transformers actress penned a lengthy message underneath the 27-year-old’s album artwork post after it was speculated the blonde musician had something to do with the pair’s split. Megan wrote: ‘How me making a joke in order to absolve this girl of a hurtful accusation somehow turned into confirmation of it – I will never understand. ‘Why are people so… so dumb. Sophie you are insanely talented. ‘Welcome to Hollywood. Your first unwarranted PR disaster. You have been baptized by the flames of fame. ‘It only gets worse from here unfortunately. Just ignore it as much as you can (heart emoji). middle finger up [sic]’. Sophie responded to the star’s note and said: ‘The internet is so wild! Sending so much love @meganfox [sic]’. Her words came after Megan urged no cheating was involved in her relationship following rumours her fiance Machine Gun Kelly, 32, had been unfaithful during their time together. Setting the record straight on her social media account on Sunday, the beauty explained: ‘There has been no third party interference in this relationship of any kind. ‘That includes, but is not limited to…actual humans, DMs, AI bots, or succubus demons. ‘While I do hate to rob you of running random baseless news stories that would have been much more accurately written by ChatGPT, you need to let this story die and leave all of these innocent people alone now.’ Her strong words were in response to a claim made by Page Six that Megan had discovered direct messages and text messages on her partner’s phone which prompted her to believe he was having an affair. Split speculation began surrounding the couple last weekend after Mwgan posted a cryptic message online. The message about ‘dishonesty’ was followed by the star deleting all traces of the famous rocker from her Instagram account. Metro.co.uk contacted Megan, Sophie and MGK for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Megan Fox denies ‘third party interference’ following ‘split’ from Machine Gun Kelly as she begs for privacy MORE : Machine Gun Kelly’s guitarist condemns claims she hooked up with star after being namedropped by Megan Fox  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 