Kingsley Coman returned to haunt his former club again as Bayern Munich beat Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Just as he did in the 2020 final, Coman’s goal was enough for the Bundesliga champions to defeat the Ligue 1 champions in their round of 16 first leg at the Parc de Princes. For the most part, it was a relatively easy game for Bayern against a PSG side that started both Lionel Messi and Neymar but not Kylian Mbappe who was only fit enough for the bench. Warren Zaire-Emery took the French World Cup star’s place, becoming the youngest player ever to start a UCL knockout game, aged just 16 years and 343 days old. The first-half was completely controlled by Bayern but they failed to find a breakthrough, with Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting and Joshua Kimmich coming closest. PSG upped their game after the break but ultimately it was Coman who broke the deadlock on the 53rd minute, beautifully volleying in Alphonso Davies’ cross past Gianluigi Donnarumma who ought to have done a lot better to save it. Mbappe was subbed on soon after but the visitors continued to have the better chances, with Donnarumma twice denying Choupo-Moting and then Benjamin Pavard in a matter of just a few minutes. As the match entered the final phase, PSG finally began to create chances with Mbappe twice finding the back of the net, only for the offside flag to twice deny  him an equaliser. Messi and Vitinha also came close as Bayern’s previously imperious defence finally began to crumble, but goalkeeper Yann Sommer did just enough to keep their clean sheet intact. Things got even more nervy for the visitors in injury-time when Pavard was sent off for a second bookable offence but the home side were unable to take advantage in the dying minutes. The second-leg at the Allianz Arena will take place on March 8th. MORE : Chelsea boss Graham Potter hits back at Rio Ferdinand and Joel Cole criticism that he doesn’t get angry enough MORE : Manchester United star Jadon Sancho warned his return to form could ‘slip away very quickly’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 