The woman caught performing a sex act with rugby star Joe Westerman in an alleyway behind Greggs has reportedly been sacked from her job. 33-year-old Castleford Tigers forward Westerman was caught engaging in a raunchy act with a friend’s partner in Pontefract, West Yorkshire at the weekend, which was widely circulated online. His wife Lauren has since spoken of how she was ‘sickened’ by the footage and dumped her husband – and said she thinks the woman he cheated on her with will ‘never live it down’. ‘She’s lost her job and there are memes of her sweeping the internet,’ Ms Westerman said of the woman, who has not been publicly identified. ‘Her children are going to see that.’ Speaking to The Sun, the furious mother-of-two also revealed the grovelling text messages her husband sent her in the days following the scandal, and vowed she would never take him back. ‘I’ve relived that footage over and over again,’ she told the publication. ‘It’s something I’ll never be able to get out of my mind no matter how hard I try. ‘There are absolutely no excuses for what he’s done, not just to me but to our children and wider family.’ Lauren said she would ‘never be able to get it out of my mind’ after telling friends her marriage is ‘one trillion per cent finished,’ and insists Joe knows ‘there’s no coming back’ from his sex scandal. Joe told his wife footage of the event was going viral on social media the next day. But Lauren claims he only fessed up because he knew there was no way he could avoid getting caught. Despite the life-altering consequences of the video, Lauren says she’s glad the video ended up surfacing, as the thought of kissing her now-estranged husband after learning of his activities now makes her feel sick. Lauren spent Valentine’s Day alone with their three children, and said she felt ‘so sorry’ for them after they were cruelly sent the video on Snapchat by other children at their school. Westerman has been fined by his club and ordered him to carry out community service educating young people about the effects of alcohol. ‘I have realised that I need to work on my decision-making around alcohol,’ he said in a statement. A source claimed Westerman will not play in his club’s first Super League clash of the new season against Hull. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.