The two young daughters of missing Nicola Bulley burst into tears when they were told ‘Mummy’s lost.’ The 45-year-old vanished while walking her springer spaniel, Willow, on Friday morning. She was last seen on a towpath by the River Wyre in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. Nicola’s phone was found on a nearby bench and Willow discovered near a river. At the weekend her partner Paul Ansell, 44, had to explain to their children Harriet, nine, and Sophia, six, about the situation. Her mum Dorothy told the Sun: ‘He just said, “Mummy’s lost”.’ Paul’s dad David added: ‘They cried their eyes out..’ In a statement, Nicola’s family said yesterday: ‘We have been overwhelmed by the support from our community and would like to thank everyone for their ongoing efforts to help us find Nicola. ‘The girls are desperate to have their mummy back home safe with them and your ongoing efforts have provided comfort to them whilst we await news on Nicola. ‘We ask for anyone who thinks they may have any information that may help the police find Nicola to please come forward and help them with their inquiries.’ Detectives searching for the missing mum tracked down a ‘potentially key witness’ yesterday. On Tuesday, Lancashire Police said they were keen to find a man believed to have been in the area at the time Nicola was last seen. Nicola had been out walking after dropping Harriet and Sophia at school. In an update that afternoon, the force said: ‘Earlier today we asked for help locating a man seen in the area at the time Nicola Bulley, 45, went missing. ‘He has since been located and is currently being spoken to. Our thanks to those who shared our appeal.’ Police have said they are keeping an ‘open mind’ about what happened but do not believe Nicola was attacked. A search of the area involving police specialist resources, the Coastguard and Bowland Mountain Rescue is continuing. The 45-year-old is described as white, 5ft 3in, with light brown, shoulder-length hair. At the time of her disappearance she was wearing a long black gilet jacket with a hood, black jeans and olive green ankle wellington boots. Superintendent Sally Riley said: ‘We remain extremely concerned for Nicola and we continue to do everything we can to try and find her and to provide some answers for her family, who are obviously beside themselves with worry. ‘I must stress at this time that this remains a missing person inquiry and at this time there is nothing to suggest any third-party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance. ‘We appreciate there is also a great deal of concern in the local community, and we appreciate people want to help. However, parts of the riverbank are treacherous, and we would ask that nobody puts themselves in danger and that the police and partner agencies’ efforts to find Nicola are not compromised. ‘If anybody has any questions or concerns, they are welcome to speak to officers in the area.’ Anyone who has seen Ms Bulley, or has information about where she might be, is asked to call 101, quoting log 565 of January 30, or call 999 if they have an immediate sighting. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.