Gary Neville has warned Manchester United not to appeal Casemiro’s red card over fears the FA could then extend his suspension, ruling him out of the EFL Cup final. Erik ten Hag has confirmed United are considering appealing the red card Casemiro received during Saturday’s Premier League victory over Crystal Palace. The Brazilian midfielder was sent off after referee Andre Marriner was advised to go to the VAR monitor following a melee which was sparked by a clash between Antony and Crystal Palace’s Jeffrey Schlupp. Footage showed Casemiro with his hands around the neck of Palace midfielder Will Hughes, although the level of contact between the players was unclear. As things stand, Casemiro will serve a three-match suspension, ruling him out of back-to-back Premier League matches against Leeds United and one against Leicester City. United may be tempted to appeal in an attempt to get the decision overturned but Neville believes that would be ‘too big a risk’ as the FA could then extend his ban to four games. After facing Leeds twice and Leicester in the league, Manchester United’s next domestic game is the EFL Cup final against Newcastle United on February 26. The FA can add an extra game to a player’s suspension if they consider an appeal from a club to be ‘frivolous’, although an appeal can be rejected without the punishment of an extra game if it is considered to be a justified case. ‘I thought it was a harsh red card but Erik ten Hag summed it up perfectly when he said Casemiro took a risk,’ Neville said on his Sky Sports podcast. ‘When you put two hands on someone like that you’ve got an issue. ‘He’s fantastic at winning the ball back, he takes chances and loves a tackle and he usually gets away with it. But he’s been done a couple of times now. ‘When you freeze it, it doesn’t look great because it looks like he’s strangling him. He’ll never get off, in fact it would be too big a risk to appeal as the FA could increase it. ‘Man United won’t appeal it. They’ve got two games against Leeds and one against Leicester, I think they will think they can get through those three games without him. ‘Ten Hag will be disappointed though because it’s been a bit stop-start with Casemiro and he’s been their most important player. He’s held them together in midfield and Eriksen is out as well.  ‘They will be without him for three games. I don’t actually think he’s got him around the neck but it does look like that so they won’t appeal it.’ Casemiro has been one of Manchester United’s most important players following his £70m move from Real Madrid last summer. Despite his dismissal against Crystal Palace, United held on to beat the Eagles 2-1 and move to within two points of Manchester City, who lost to Tottenham later in the weekend. MORE : ‘Disrespectful’ Manchester United star Antony blamed for Casemiro’s red card MORE : Manchester City charged by Premier League for breaking financial rules For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 