You’ve Been Framed, the classic TV show that many of us grew up laughing at as children hosted by Harry Hill, has been axed. The programme’s tenure on ITV has come to an end, 33 years after first premiering in 1990. It’s been confirmed by the broadcaster that there will be no new series in 2023, and there are no plans for it to return next year either. The series saw members of the public send in funny home videos, originally based on the Japanese show Fun TV with Kato-chan and Ken-chan. The humorous home videos would range in subject, but some of the most memorable often showed people suffering comical slips and falls. It’s been said that You’ve Been Framed being ‘shelved’ is a ‘sad sign of the times’, given the popularity of social media as a source for hilarious clips. A source told The Sun: ‘It’s a different world to Jeremy Beadle’s heyday. Why would viewers tune in to a show featuring funny videos when they could see the same sort of thing on the internet? ‘Silly clips are hugely popular on social media and the right video can go viral. There’s a thrill in achieving that – even though you don’t earn the £250 fee which You’ve Been Framed paid for contributions.’ While the programme evolved over the years, it’s said that contributors still earned the same £250 payment for submitting videos. When You’ve Been Framed first launched 33 years ago, it was hosted by Jeremy, who held the role for seven years. The position was taken over by Lisa Riley from 1998 to 2002, while Jonathan Wilkes presented the programme for one year. Comedian Harry then took over in 2004, remaining on the show until the latest season aired in 2002. In 2019, he spoke out about his long tenure on the series, explaining that he isn’t on the team that vets the videos that are sent in. He outlined that there’s a ‘long list’ of submissions, some of which are ‘fakes’, and others are ‘sex videos’. ‘I’ve been doing that show for 15 years now. Do you think that’s enough? Maybe I should call it a day,’ he quipped, according to The Daily Star. Of the 701 episodes of You’ve Been Framed that have aired, Harry’s voiced almost half of them, starring in 341 episodes. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers fume as ITVX faults force them to miss out on Casa Amor drama: ‘Get it sorted!’ MORE : Brit Awards viewers in hysterics as ITV ‘fails to mute’ Daisy May Cooper’s bawdy ‘cocaine’ joke about the Sugababes 