You’re the prime minister. You’re hosting a much-respected wartime leader and 2022 Time Person of the Year for the first time. He’s arriving at around 10.20am. What do you serve him for breakfast? The answer, according to an official photograph released by Downing Street, is what do you not serve him for breakfast? The image shows Rishi Sunak sitting down with President Volodymyr Zelensky at a table, featuring an eclectic smorgasbord of sweet and savoury treats. We asked the PM’s office what was on the menu, but they sadly wouldn’t tell us. But on closer inspection of the official picture, it’s possible to deduce what got the world leaders through the morning. Going from left to right, there appears to be a large mason jar of… walnuts? Raisins? Coco Pops? Muesli or granola would be the obvious choice, but it’s difficult to tell as it’s out of focus. We move on to a rectangular plate of impossibly tiny bagels or doughnuts, almost bite-sized. We can’t see what they’re filled with, but they look like something from a 1970s dinner party cookbook. From there, we reach one of the few universally accepted breakfast foods on the table – some continental pastries. There are definitely a few pain au chocolats, and it looks like the rest of the plate is taken up by either Danish pastries or cinnamon rolls. This is where we return to the granola. In front of the PM and the president are two delightful stemmed pudding glasses filled with yogurt, blueberries and – we think – granola. A lighter shade than whatever is in the mason jar. Looks tasty, but it hasn’t been touched. And this is where things take a turn for the worse. Back in the centre of the table, there are a couple of wraps. They’re not breakfast wraps, as you might expect. No, these ones are packed full of lettuce, like the ones you avoid from the meal deal shelf. The rest of the filling can only be guessed at. Now we reach the absolute pinnacle of Number 10 breakfast bizarreness. They may be out of focus, but we’re damned if that isn’t a little bowl of pigs in blankets beside a ramekin of ketchup. Perhaps they are leftovers from the Downing Street Christmas party a couple of months ago, but it’s a very odd addition regardless. On the right of the picture we’ve got a pot of marmalade with nothing to spread it on, and an inexplicably huge teapot. But really, it’s the pigs in blankets we can’t get over. The final nail in this breakfast’s coffin is Sunak and Zelensky’s empty bowls, and Downing Street stating the president was ‘offered’ breakfast, not that he ate any. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.