This Morning fans were in heretics over Dermot O’Leary’s reaction to comments made by the woman with the most piercings in world. Elaine Davidson, from Brazil, appeared on Friday’s edition of the ITV daytime show where she spoke about her addiction to piercing with Dermot, 49, and Alison Hammond, 48. While she currently sports 15,000 studs all over her body, Elaine revealed that her biggest ambition was to surpass 20,000 piercings but was prepared to ‘take her time’ to achieve the goal. Explaining how she first got into piercing, Elaine said she stared adding the bling ‘from the boobie’, claiming that the body adornments weren’t painful at all. Brave Elaine admitted she pierces herself for the front half of her body and enlists a pal in America to help out with her back, as well as in her intimate areas. ‘They don’t like doing genital piercing in the UK,’ she said. A curious Dermot, who told Elaine he was ‘trying to do the maths’, remarked that she had ‘a lot’ of jewelry ‘in your face’ and ‘a lot down below.’ ‘Where else?’ he probed, with Elaine replying: ‘Everywhere.’ ‘In the tummy, in the vagina,’ she continued. ‘Inside. Outside.’ Alison asked: ‘So how many have you got down there then?’ Elaine said she had ‘3,500 inside’, with a shocked Alison, pointing downwards, repeating: ‘Just inside? Oh my goodness.’ The camera then zoomed into Dermot’s face, which was screwed up deep in thought, as he tried to calculate Elaine’s internal piercings. Fans flocked to Twitter to comment on Dermot, who could be seen quietly counting to himself, with one saying they were ‘dying’ at his reaction. ‘Dermot’s facial expression kill me,’ a viewer remarked, while another said: ‘Dermot trying to calculate. Like how big is…. nevermind.’ A fourth commented: ‘Love Dermot trying to work that out!’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : This Morning’s Holly Willoughby and Dermot O’Leary unite to celebrate Alison Hammond’s birthday and it’s all a blurry haze MORE : Nicola Roberts, AJ Odudu, Dermot O’Leary and Emily Atack lead pack at glitzy Vanity Fair EE Rising Star Party 