Evangeline Lilly has shared an update after her friend Jeremy Renner was seriously injured in a snow plough accident. The Lost actress, 43, said that her Marvel co-star was ‘made of something really tough’, and was coping well despite his ‘highly traumatic; near-death experience’. The Hawkeye actor, 52, was crushed by the six-tonne snowploughing machine while trying to save his nephew near his home near the Nevada-California state border in the US. The Avengers star has kept fans updated with his recovery process so far, revealing that he had broken more than 30 bones in the incident. Evangeline, who starred alongside Jeremy in the 2008 Oscar-winning film The Hurt Locker, said she had recently visited the actor, who is using a wheelchair, at his home. ‘He has recovered like a mo-fo,’ she told US outlet Access Hollywood. ‘I walked in his house and got chicken skin, because I was like, “Why are you mobile? Why are you mobile? What’s happening?” ‘I expected to sit at his bedside and hold his hand while he moaned and groaned in pain and wasn’t able to move. He was wheeling himself around, laughing with his friends. It’s a miracle, a straight-up miracle. ‘He’s made of something really tough, that guy. You’ve always been able to see that in him. He is recovering incredibly, and I’m so grateful.’ The Hobbit actress also said that the Mayor of Kingstown performer had shared intimate details of the accident with her, having been conscious throughout. ‘It was really intense. I mean he had a near-death experience that was highly traumatic and he was awake for the whole thing,’ she told the publication. ‘It really has stuck with me. It’s been days and I’m still having moments where some of the stuff he told me that he experienced and retelling me the story of what went on and things he could hear and things he could see.’ She added: ‘He’s got a journey to go through now. That’s what nightmares are made out of, and he lived through it and he’s on the other side now.’ It comes after Renner recently announced his new Disney+ construction show Rennervations, and said he was excited to share the project with fans ‘as soon as I’m back on my feet’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Renner makes promise to fans for ‘as soon as I’m back on my feet’ as he teases new Disney Plus show MORE : Jeremy Renner crushed by snow plough while ‘trying to save nephew’ from being hit  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 