The next New Moon is on February 20, in the sign of Pisces. New Moons are a time for activation, initiation, creation, and go-getting ambition. It’s time to make a start on new adventures, goals, projects, and activity. You are brimming with energy and enthusiasm, so invest it wisely into something that will bring positive rewards. The New Moon in Pisces urges you to lower barriers, be led by your feelings, put down the baggage and blocks, open up, listen to your inner voice, tune in to your true desires. Stop blocking or deflecting or suppressing and just listen to your heart. What does it truly want? This is what you should work on this New Moon and manifest in your life. This is what you really need. Let the tarot give you a nudge as to what heartfelt desire you should activate… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the New Moon in Pisces: Seven of Swords Meaning: You are naturally positive, optimistic, and kind. A generous soul, and sometimes your kindness is mistaken for weakness. You long to be free of the people you’ve collected along the way who you don’t really trust, respect, or consider to be good-hearted and fair. You just want positive people around you, none of the haters or sly ones. Aries, the Seven of Swords asks you to cut ties with the rubbish this New Moon. Activate a new era of positive people only in your realm and hold yourself to it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for the New Moon in Pisces: Queen of Wands Meaning: You’re ready to step up and activate a new adventure for yourself. This could be a new social crowd or friendship group and joining in to what they get up to, it could be about an amazing trip or holiday or journey, it might be a course or skill you long to learn and enrol on, it might be a new exercise or health regime you’re going to adopt. Pursue what inspires you right now. Take ownership for starting things which motivate you. No one is going to do this for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for the New Moon in Pisces: The Hanged Man Meaning: There is an area of your life that has stalled or hit a blockage and you’ve kind of left it alone, worked around it, overcome it mostly… but you wish it could be rekindled or reactivated. The Hanged Man asks you to revisit the scene of this crime this New Moon. Look at the situation from a different angle – another person, a future you, an objective consultant. You are ready to receive an ‘a-ha!’ moment and see how this can be resolved and progressed. Put your thinking cap on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for the New Moon in Pisces: Ten of Coins Meaning: Security is your deepest need and desire – to feel safe, protected stable, certain. This New Moon, you can put measures in place, with the happy-ever-after Ten of Coins, that will help you feel all of those things. It could be an investment, a pension, a career change, a commitment to a loved one, or a home move. It’s something that might take a while to really come to fruition but, knowing it’s there, like a safety net, will make you feel 100% secure. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for the New Moon in Pisces: Four of Swords Meaning: Your greatest desire, this New Moon, is to rest. Deep, relaxing, restorative rest. The Four of Swords shows you’re starting to run on empty, you know the signs, and this fatigue is not going to evaporate on its own. Take a time out. Book a holiday. Retreat from the stress. Take a mental vacation. Say you need to pause the action. Make this New Moon a time to activate, positively, a space for you to rest and recalibrate. And when you’re firing on all cylinders again, get back to it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for the New Moon in Pisces: Eight of Wands Meaning: You are ruled by Mercury and this planet rules commerce, travel and communication which matches the Eight of Wands vibe perfectly. You are ready and willing to open up, broaden your horizons, go out of your comfort zone, meet new people and make new friends, try different activities, explore, travel and invest in a scheme. Life is opening up. You feel ready to refresh and renew everything and it all starts with your connections and new relationships. Be social. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for the New Moon in Pisces: Seven of Coins Meaning: You have been dwelling and ruminating on the possibility of a new turn or pathway in life. You’ve kept this secret, in fact almost suppressed it because you’re worried what people will say, think, or whether you can really pull it off. The Seven of Coins asks you to draw it out of the shadows this New Moon and express this desire. Tell your loved ones your ideas. Journal your thoughts. Research some options. Start to make this a real thing you’re going to work on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for the New Moon in Pisces: Two of Wands Meaning: You’ve got lots of options on the table and you need to stop coveting that ability to hedge your bets and start committing to which of them you’re going to manifest. Don’t spread yourself too thinly. The Two of Wands asks you, this New Moon to connect with your private emotions and desires and see which align best with your options. Let your heart guide you towards what you do truly want to do (and what is just a ‘nice to have’ idea on the side). Focus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for the New Moon in Pisces: Four of Cups Meaning: This New Moon will rekindle your love and passion for what you’ve already got going on, right under your nose. Recently you have felt a little lacklustre about your current situations, out of touch, maybe taking things for granted, feeling a bit bored TBH. That will change as things trigger you to see them anew, to realise how lucky you are, to spot the potential still unrealised in what you’re doing. This is where you will focus your passion and have great success. Make the most of what you’ve got. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for the New Moon in Pisces: Three of Cups Meaning: You are ready for a good time, a rest, a break, a celebration, a season of fun and joy after the long, hard winter. Cap, crack open the champagne, put the music on and let your hair down! The Three of Cups is an urgent memo to kick back and enjoy your life, we’re only here once, and it’s a short ride. Don’t work too hard or worry too much this New Moon, simply party and play and revel with those you love and like. Now that’s an easy ask, surely. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for the New Moon in Pisces: Ten of Swords Meaning: Freedom from toxicity, drudgery, stress, and constraint. You yearn for full independence and violently resist being held down or back, or made to feel low or unhappy. You are a freedom fighter, quite literally. The Ten of Swords sees you making cuts this New Moon. Releasing situations, roles or relationships which have been getting you down. This process makes you feel liberated, powerful, and optimistic about replacing the negative with more positive energy. Power to you, Aquarius. Clean house! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for the New Moon in Pisces: The Moon Meaning: The Moon is a special card for you and reflects your deep intuition, your knowingness, your enigmatic aura, and your specialty for seeing what lies beneath the facades, behind the veil, through the other side. Wowsers, get spiritual this New Moon, Pisces, and get out your tarot, oracle, birth chart, crystals etc.. and see what you can see. Tune in to your own self. Your own voice and wisdom. Look ahead. Look back. Let new insight meet you and lead you to your authentic heart’s desires. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Pisces MORE : What’s in store for the year ahead? Your star sign’s 2023 tarot horoscope for love, work, money and more