Three contestants have made it to the very end of another brutal SAS: Who Dares Wins selection course, and have now reflected on how empowered they’ve been left feeling. After days of shocking injuries, gruelling training and emotions running as high as ever, Chief Instructor Billy Billingham and his team of Directing Staff, Jason ‘Foxy’ Fox, Rudy Reyes and Chris Oliver revealed Grant, Joshua and Hilary all passed this year’s selection course in the intense Vietnamese jungle. The weeks saw them face their darkest fears, open up on difficult pasts and face the dreaded interrogation. But having managed it all, the trio opened up on how ‘superhuman’ they now feel. In an exclusive chat with Metro.co.uk, Hilary revealed how her body needed time to recover after filming, and how she was ‘so drained mentally and physically’, but felt ‘so happy’ at the same time. She said: ‘Even though you’ve been on the highest points of everything and went through so many emotions, I was still very, very happy. I was very excited and very driven to just go 100% with my own life now.’ ‘I’ve come out a changed person,’ the 31-year-old personal trainer added. ‘My mindset is different, my goals are different, how I speak now is different. Before this, I would not be like this, it’s such a different think. ‘Everything felt different, there was more perk in my step, you know, you appreciate life, and I was just very happy, motivated and driven to incorporate everything into my life and just go harder with my own life.’ Grant echoed: ‘It felt superhuman,’ adding that he now feels he can understand how people in the SAS come back and ‘run on adrenaline’. ‘They’re doing the most bats**t crazy stuff. As civilians we were doing bats**t crazy stuff.’ The 37-year-old binman continued, about going back to real life: ‘Two days before that you might have just jumped out of a helicopter, run up a hill, I’ve been with a guy that I met nine days ago navigate us up 300 sets of stairs… how do you compute that and go back to normal life? ‘In some ways I was like, this is such an anticlimax, this is crap, and then the adrenaline wears off, and you regulate mentally. But I’m still kind of recovering.’ ‘I was on a high,’ recruit Josh added, commenting on the adrenaline all the contestants had been feeling. ‘I didn’t want to, when it was all settled down in ten days or two weeks, deal with the opposite of that. So I just took everyday that came.’ ‘I took it in my stride, because going from doing all that crazy stuff to coming back and training three times a day, it makes you question certain things, but luckily I kept the right balance,’ the 24-year-old boxer added. SAS: Who Dares Wins is available to watch on All4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Honey G keen to appear on SAS: Who Dares Wins and show off ‘very sporty’ side MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins’ Rudy Reyes insists UK recruits are ‘tougher’ than those in USA where as violent tasks wouldn’t be ‘allowed’ 