Kanye West has been spotted confronting a photographer again as they took snaps of him outside a police station. The musician, 44, has been staying out of the spotlight of late, following judge public backlash to antisemitic comments made on social media. Having lost lucrative deals with the likes of Adidas and, reportedly losing his billionaire status, the rapper has in recent weeks essentially chosen to keep to himself. However the rapper made headlines in January when he was filmed grabbing and throwing a woman’s phone after she refused to stop filming him. The father-of-four was reported to be the main suspect in a battery investigation following the incident, which took place in a car park outside where his son was playing a basketball game. Now Ye – who is believed to have married Bianca Censori following his divorce from Kim Kardashian – has been snapped approaching another photographer. The Stronger hitmaker was reportedly heading to a police station in West Hollywood on Valentine’s Day when he noticed a photographer taking snaps of him. Photographs show Kanye – dressed in a black leather jacket and means – striding up to the man, who is at this point still taking photos, and appearing to speak brusquely to him. Getting close to the man, Kanye can be seen gesturing as the photographer lowers the camera and looks at him. It is unclear what Kanye said to the photographer, who also snapped photographs of Bianca walking towards the station even as Kanye approached to confront him. There has been no confirmation so far on what Kanye and Bianca’s business was at the police station. The new incident comes after Kanye was caught on video arguing with a woman who refused to stop video recording or taking photographs of him as ‘you’re a celebrity.’ In the video, posted by TMZ, Kanye grabs the woman’s phone, who is sitting in a car in a parking lot, and throws it away before walking towards his own vehicle. It is unclear whether the woman was a professional photographer or a citizen looking to get footage of celebrities, however she was also snapped in the background of photos of ex Kim in the same area. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : South Park takes blistering aim at Kanye West in new episode MORE : Kanye West’s abandoned $2,200,000 Los Angeles home in disrepair as walls crumble and fences collapse   You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 