It was announced on Monday that Black Eyed Peas would be headlining this year’s Brighton Pride, but the organisation was quickly hit with backlash over the news. While some people took issue with the fact the group performed in Saudi Arabia last year – a country with repressive LGBTQ+ laws – others were fuming that event organisers had seemingly turned off comments on social media to prevent attendees from sharing their thoughts about the line-up. Over the last few hours, angry comments have piled up beneath a three-day old Instagram post shared by Brighton Pride that promoted the event’s low-income ticket scheme. One person wrote: ‘The absolute state of you. Deleting comments and now removing posts with any form of negativity? Grow up and show some accountability. Admit you messed up by hiring Black Eyed Peas. I’m embarrassed for you.’ Another added: ‘Lol @brightonprideofficial deleting the post that everyone was critiquing their choice of headliners on. F*****g embarrassing.’ ‘Hahahahaha as if you silenced comments on the announcement pics and then deleted the one with all the comments on,’ penned someone else. Another Instagrammer noted: ‘So we’ve gone from deleting comments to turning off comments to removing a post entirely.’ Shortly after Monday’s news was announced, Brighton Pride attendees took to Twitter to discuss the news that Black Eyed Peas were headlining, and it quickly became clear that not everyone was happy. ‘I am confusion’, one person tweeted, while another had doubts about Black Eyed Peas allyship: ‘So. The Black Eyed Peas, a band that played at the Qatar World Cup, a country which openly discriminates against LGBTQ+ people, are headlining @PrideBrighton. Seriously? What great allies to the community. What a disappointment’, they blasted. Another tweeted: ‘BLACK EYED PEAS WITHOUT FERGIE is headlining Brighton Pride?’ Also confirmed to play at Brighton Pride are Steps, Spice Girl Melanie C and multi-platinum artist Zara Larsson. As well as the headliners, there’ll be plenty of action from a range of other music acts, with organisers confirming there’ll be over 100 LGBTQ+ artists. This year’s Brighton Pride takes place between August 5 and 6 at Preston Park. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Brighton Pride and Black Eyed Peas for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chris Rock ‘finally addressing Will Smith Oscars slap’ in historic Netflix live special MORE : Zendaya ‘to earn $1,000,000 per episode’ for Euphoria’s third season following Emmys double whammy 