Sodium bicarbonate, commonly known as baking soda or bicarbonate of soda, is a real workhorse. It’s used as a leavening agent in food like soda bread, but also in products from fire extinguishers to antacids due to its unique chemical compound. This is also what makes it so effective for cleaning, with an alkaline pH that neutralises smells and a gently abrasive texture for scrubbing. Boasting mild antibacterial and antifungal properties, baking soda also creates Co2 ‘bubbles’ when mixed with an acid, which only adds to its multitasking powers. Since many of us are trying to cut back right now – both for financial reasons and to reduce environmental harm – it’s worth trying baking soda as an alternative to commercial cleaners. Start off by replacing your stain remover with this all-natural all-rounder, then check out the myriad ways you can use bicarb around the home. If you’ve spilled red wine on your carpet, missed your mouth during dinner, or got a grass stain on your favourite jeans, bicarbonate of soda can offer a storecupboard solution. Because of its absorbent nature, it soaks up moisture and odour, while alkalising the acidic ingredients (like coffee, sweat, and condiments) that commonly cause stains. To start off, create a paste with two parts baking soda to one part water. Four tablespoons of bicarb with 60ml water should be plenty to get going with. Warm water works best, giving you that frothy reaction that lifts dirt. You’re looking to create a paste, so add more baking soda if it’s too thin. Whether it’s a carpet or clothes, you then spread the mixture over the stain and leave for up to three hours. Every fabric is different, so the amount you’ll use and the length of application will differ. Check how it’s getting on every half hour, then once the stain has lifted, thoroughly wipe with a clean damp cloth. To avoid discolouration or damage, it’s also a good idea to do a patch test in an inconspicuous area first. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The bridal skincare prep to start now for a summer wedding glow-up MORE : These are the products to buy if you’re obsessed with TikTok smarthomes – yes including the vegetable cleaner