More than 700 drivers are being approached in the hope they can offer clues in the search for Nicola Bulley. Police offered an update on the case today, revealing thousands of pieces of information have been received from the public after she vanished while walking her dog along the River Wyre on January 27. A team of 40 detectives is currently investigating approximately 500 different lines of enquiry. Officers are now speaking to hundreds who travelled through the town of St Michael’s on Wyre around the time the Lancashire mum went missing. At a press conference, Lancashire Police Supt Sally Riley said: ‘We have now identified around 700 vehicles that drove through the village on that morning on the 27th January at around 9.10am, 9.15am. ‘We are in the process of speaking to all of those drivers to try and find out if they have any dashcam footage, what they saw on that day or anything else that may be of value to the police inquiry.’ Lancashire Police say their working hypothesis is still that the 45-year-old fell into the river and her disappearance doesn’t appear suspicious. But Nicola’s family has questioned this theory, saying there is ‘no evidence’ to support it. Her partner Paul Ansell says her children ‘miss her desperately’ and ‘need her back’. He issued a statement on Monday to mark 10 days since she vanished, as new CCTV was also released. Expert diver Peter Faulding has admitted he is ‘baffled’ after searching all day for Nicola in the River Wyre. He says he thinks there could be a third party involved – but police have warned he is not included in ‘all the investigation detail’. Supt Riley said today the scale of the police investigation is ‘normal in a missing person inquiry and does not indicate that there is any suspicious element to this story’. ‘The inquiry team remains fully open-minded to any information that may indicate where Nicola is or what happened to her’, she added. Investigating officers have urged people to avoid ‘distressing’ speculation about what may have happened. ‘This is particularly hurtful to her family, to her children, to her partner Paul, to her parents, her sister and her friends because it is not helpful to them, it is distressing and it is distracting for the police inquiry’, Supt Riley said. ‘Nor is it helpful if people, particularly if they have come from outside of the area, take it upon themselves to take the law into their own hands by trying to, for example, break into empty property. ‘They may mean well, they may want to help. But they can help in thinking back if they were in the area to what information they may have of relevance to the police and holding the family in their thoughts. ‘But we will not tolerate online abuse of anyone, including innocent witnesses, members of the family and friends, of local businesses, or of criminal damage or burglary. We will be taking a strong line on that, as you would expect.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.