David de Gea was thrilled to break Peter Schmeichel’s long-standing record as Manchester United won the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. United beat Newcastle 2-0 at Wembley to win their first trophy since the 2017, courtesy of a header from Casemiro and an own-goal from Sven Botman. The Magpies put on a good show but were unable to get the better of the Red Devils’ rigid defence with De Gea himself making several great saves. And by keeping them out, the Spaniard kept his 181st clean sheet for the club, overtaking the record set by legendary goalkeeper Schmeichel which had stood since 1999. ‘It was the perfect day to do it!’ a jubilant De Gea told Sky Sports post-match. ‘To break the record is something amazing so I’m really proud. Let’s keep going and try to keep more clean sheets. ‘It’s the perfect start for a new era. I think the team is ready for anything. We showed that today, we played a great game – 2-0 against a very good team. ‘You see the fans now, everyone is so happy. It’s a great moment for us so let’s enjoy it and be ready again.’ As United’s longest serving player, De Gea has endured many highs and lows at Old Trafford, but he’ll be glad to end his and United’s trophy drought, with his silverware collection now consisting of the Premier Legaue title, the FA Cup, Europa League and two League Cups. There has been much speculation surrounding the 32-year-old’s future however, with his contract up at the end of the season, but Erik ten Hag comments post-match suggested he wants the keeper to stick around a while longer. ‘I said before the game, Rafa Varane, Casemiro, David de Gea, they know how to win trophies,’ the manager told Sky Sports. ‘You need such lads on the pitch to point the team, to coach them, to organise, not only from a tactical prospect but especially mentally. ‘The winning attitude, they have to bring it in the dressing room, in the team in different situations and they’ve done that.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag ends Manchester United’s trophy drought with Carabao Cup final victory over Newcastle MORE : Gary Neville sends warning to Arsenal and Manchester City after Manchester United’s Carabao Cup win For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 