Hundreds of homes have been evacuated in Great Yarmouth on England’s east coast after an unexploded bomb was found. The believed-to-be military device was found in the River Yare by a construction site worker earlier today, Norfolk County Council said. The council said: ‘The site team found what they believed to be an unexploded device this morning while excavating in the vicinity of bollard quay. ‘They immediately evacuated the area and called the emergency services. Site workers made the discovery while excavating in the area of Bollard Quay.’ The council added that the contractor was working on the third river crossing. More than 100 buildings in the seaside town, known for its winding sandy beach, are still to be evacuated as officers knock on doors to ask residents to leave. The Explosion Ordnance Device team from Colchester, Essex, are on the scene. A spokesman for the team said: ‘We currently have a bomb disposal team deployed and are on assist providing their specialist skills and expertise to assist the police in dealing with this matter.’ Dredging work was taking place at Bollard Quay by the junction with Boundary Road when the device was found, Norfolk Police said. The force said officers were called at 11:36am by the contractor at the development site of the third river crossing. Police have placed a 400-metre cordon along Southtown Road, while the coastguard closed off Southgates Road and Newcastle Road across the river. ‘People in homes and businesses inside the cordon are being advised to leave their properties,’ the force added. A number of roads have been closed off with buses diverted. First Bus said earlier this afternoon that services are being diverted via Beccles Road, the A47 and Pasteur Road. The operator warned that ‘severe delays are expected’ amid the road closures. The third river crossing, which cost £121 million, is set to be completed at the end of the year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.