A former worker at King Charles’ home who says she is the ‘older woman’ who took Prince Harry’s virginity has revealed her embarrassment after she was forced to tell her own father about the alleged romp. Sasha Walpole described the awkward moment she confessed to sleeping with the prince in a field in the summer of 2001 after he detailed the encounter in his bombshell memoir, Spare. Ms Walpole says she confided in mother, Lyn, 65, the following day – but kept it a secret from her father, Tony, 71, for over two decades. The married mum-of-two, 40, says she met Harry while she was working as a groom for his father, then the Prince of Wales, at his Highgrove House country residence in Gloucestershire. She told The Sun newspaper: ‘I am in this situation because Harry has put it out there.’ Ms Walpole claims to have had sex with the prince after celebrating her 19th birthday at a Wiltshire pub. She said it was a drunken one-off after the pair downed 10 shots of tequila, sambuca and Baileys, before heading to a meadow behind the pub car park. ‘The sex was passionate and sparky because we shouldn’t have been doing it. ‘One thing just quickly led to another. We ended up on the floor.’ Ms Walpole decided to go public about the alleged ‘five-minute fumble’ after the royal’s book set off a ‘ticking timebomb’. ‘I don’t understand why he went into such detail,’ she told The Sun. ‘He could have said he lost his virginity and left it at that. ‘He has done this to my privacy because I was going to keep my head down and not talk about it. ‘If it wasn’t in the book none of this would be happening.’ The revelations in Spare sparked a global guessing game over the identity of the ‘older woman’ who de-flowered Prince Harry. He described how she ‘treated me not unlike a young stallion’. ‘Quick ride, after which she smacked my rump and sent me off to graze.’ Ms Walpole confirmed she gave Harry a ‘slap’ on his ‘lovely peachy bum’ – as per the details of the memoir – after they slept together. But she slammed his recollection of events as ‘really cringey’. ‘It flared up because of the way Harry has written it. That is why I am in this situation.’ Ms Walpole said her parents are concerned for her safety and ‘just want me to be OK.’ They both fully support her decision to speak out in the newspaper, she added. There has been no further contact since their alleged encounter, Ms Walpole said, insisting she had no regrets about not getting in touch. ‘I don’t think there was anything to be gained from that. ‘Our lives have gone in different directions but I wish him all the best.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.