Alison Hammond has shut down reports she is set to walk down the aisle, calling it ‘fake news’. Earlier this week it emerged that the This Morning presenter and her partner Ben Hawkins were engaged. Her future father-in-law might have some explaining to do though after he was the one to spill the news, saying that the pair had ‘proposed to one another’. ‘I do know they have both proposed to one another but there are no rings that I know of,’ Colin Hawkins said. However now Alison has explained that she is, in fact, very much not about to start planning a wedding. As This Morning began on Friday, her co-host Dermot O’Leary offered his congratulations on the big week Alison had, first mentioning her hosting the Baftas, heading to the United States for a work trip, and for getting engaged. But as wedding bell sound effects kicked off, Alison stepped in and made sure to clarify. ‘What are you talking about, what’s going on,’ she said, as Dermot joked that he had been the one to leak the news. ‘Cut the music,’ Alison said, as she gestured for the sound effects to stop. ‘It’s fake news babes, I’m not engaged,’ she said. ‘I’m so sorry. I told you that when I’m engaged or getting married, I would be first to tell you and I’d be putting it all over the ‘gram and on TikTok’s,’ she added. ‘You know what I’m like. I’d do a reel, you know what I mean. There would be a ring.’ It seems that Dermot might have got a little too ahead of himself though, joking that he had purchased ‘several hats’ to wear on the big day to escort her down the aisle. While she did say ‘one day it might happen’, it wasn’t on the cards just yet. After dating gardener Ben for two years, the engagement rumours also came out during a week where they were spotted together for the first time. Their romance has been kept mostly private, but last month Alison revealed she would be open to getting engaged again now she had ‘someone special’ in her life. ‘A year-and-a-half I’ve been with him, and no one knew. He absolutely worships me and massages my feet every single day. What more do you want?,’ she told My Weekly Magazine. But her partner’s dad, 72, has made it clear he is a big fan, calling Alison, 48, the ‘nicest woman we’ve ever met’ and spoke of how loved-up the two are when speaking to the Daily Mail. ‘They are really happy but they haven’t got everything sorted just yet but they are both talking about marriage, that is true,’ he explained. ‘What I do know is that when it happens, none of us will know about it because it’ll be done in private. That much they have told me. ‘I love Alison to bits. She’s the nicest woman we’ve ever met. I would love to tell you a load of stories and they are all good, but I can’t because she’s asked us to keep things private.’ The Birmingham star previously split from her fiancée Jamie Savage in 2017 after three years of dating. She also has a 18-year-old son Aiden with her ex, Noureddine Boufaied. In 2020, Alison was also briefly involved with Ben Kusi after they met on Celebs Go Dating. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly reveal why Alison Hammond horror prank for Saturday Night Takeaway ‘almost fell apart’ MORE : Alison Hammond’s relationship timeline as she gets ‘engaged’ to boyfriend Ben Hawkins 