Before there was Normal People’s Connell Waldron and Aftersun’s Calum, there was just Paul – a first-year drama student with stars in his eyes hoping to make it all the way to Hollywood. Fast forward six or so years and Paul Mescal became a household name and is currently gearing up to take his seat at the Dolby Theatre ahead of the Oscars. His rise to stardom was out of this world and once people got a taste of Paul-mania, there was no looking back for the Maynooth native. Dealing with exposure on such a large scale was something he was actually somewhat prepared for, thanks to staff at The Lir National Academy of Dramatic Art in Dublin, Ireland. Paul graduated with a bachelor’s degree in acting in 2017 alongside 16 other talented hopefuls and for some reason, it was the brown-haired boy next door that snagged one job after another over the rest of his cohort that year. Was it fate, raw talent, looks or all three mashed together that catapulted the rising star to the top of Hollywood’s hot list? Director of the prestigious acting school Loughlin Deegan explained his theory on why the world can’t get enough of Paul’s Irish charm. ‘It’s not as simplistic as Paul was remarkably and uniquely talented – that was evidently clear throughout his training – like we only offer places to people who are remarkably talented to begin with,’ Loughlin said. He continued to highlight what it was – if not talent alone – that set the star apart: ‘Paul’s journey through the training was really supported by a remarkable self-confidence, a lack of ego and commitment to hard work and really understanding how difficult actor training is. ‘He wanted to respond and rise to that challenge. I would’ve been doing tutorials with him through second year and third year and enjoyed the way he wanted big notes. ‘He was always saying, “Give me something else I can work on so that I can make more progress as an actor”. We challenged him to be braver and take more risks.’ The acting professional described attributes he felt Paul had that led to global success in his field: ‘I think actors who do really well on the program, they don’t get in their own way. ‘He did that very, very successfully and had a very successful third year as a result. He showcased himself very well and was cast almost immediately Gatsby in the production of the Great Gatsby at The Gate theatre. ‘I think that was just a testament to the fact that the industry responded very positively to him as a very talented, young actor emerging at that point.’ What advice did Loughlin send Paul out into the world with? ‘I said to him in a tutorial, “Just don’t be a d**k”. ‘I think he has very successfully not been a d**k and you get work by being a member of an ensemble, being a member of a company where the focus is on the work and it’s not on ego. ‘Quite frankly, the other element that a young actor needs is luck and a break. It just so happened that Sally Rooney had written a book called Normal People and Lenny Abrahamson was making a TV drama out of it. ‘Paul was the perfect casting for the part – he was from rural Ireland, was a very good GAA player and was the boy next door. ‘He got the break but then the way that he was able to capitalise on the break, I think is a testament to his real success. ‘After the tsunami of press interest, he was able to fall back on that self-confidence and that lack of ego and that grounded-ness and that self-awareness that he has in order to kind of navigate those very, very tricky waters.’ Loughlin went on to explain why the Oscar nominee has remained successful and not fallen into the trap of being a one-hit-wonder. ‘He’s chosen projects so carefully and so well, and again, he’s just prioritised the quality of the work,’ he shared. ‘I think he brought a lot of what he learned on the course about how to research and prepare for character, how to work from the script and from the text and how to honour the work.’ Paul was nominated for best actor in a leading role at this year’s 95th Academy Awards due to take place on March 13. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul Mescal admits ‘temptation’ to address rumoured Phoebe Bridgers split is there MORE : The heady career rise of Paul Mescal as Irish actor gets first Oscar nomination 