Rishi Sunak has insisted he’s down to having Coke just once per week. The Prime Minister has long been upfront about being a self-confessed ‘total Coke addict’, with his go-to being a can of Coca-Cola. He drank so much of the fizzy soft drink that he’s had to have seven fillings, he told two schoolboys in 2019. During a visit to the Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company (HBC) bottling plant in Lisburn, Northern Ireland, today, Sunak joked he was in his ‘happy place’. Standing in front of two towers of Coke cans, Sunak told regional business leaders about his new Brexit deal announced yesterday. He said: ‘It’s great to be here, I’m very much in my happy place. ‘I have somehow resisted having any Coke so far, although the fridges are everywhere. I have resisted thus far, but I might treat myself to one on the way out.’ He added: ‘Putting aside that I love it, and actually the Secretary of State (of Northern Ireland, Chris Heaton-Harris) is also a massive fan of the Coca-Cola company, so we have that in common.’ Sunak said the production facility is an example of a business that is ‘interested in how things move north-south. ‘This plant serves the entire island of Ireland, is investing, responsible for hundreds of jobs,’ the Tory leader said. ‘Chris and I have spent a lot of time talking to lots of businesses like this, and as much as we needed to fix all the issues there were with things going east and west and we’ve done that. ‘We have managed to protect the thing that was important for businesses like this, which is ensuring no hard border north/south, and ensuring that access to not only the Republic but also the EU’s market is also protected. ‘There are many businesses for whom that is important, and our job is to get the balance right.’ Footage of Sunak raving about his deep love of cola surfaced in 2021, where he had to clarify to the two teens that, no, he’s hooked on the drink, not the drug. ‘I’m a Coke addict, a total Coke addict,’ he said in the video, said to be from the summer of 2019. But a wide-eyed Sunak then turns to the camera and stresses: ‘Coca-Cola addict, just for the record. Just to be totally clear. Coca-Cola addict.’ The then Chancellor said that, in the great cola wars, he’ll always reach out for a bottle of Coca-Cola rather than Pepsi. His favourite is ‘special Coke’ from Mexico, he told Richmond School and Sixth Form College pupils George Harris and George Whyatt for their podcast ‘I’m only allowed one a week. So I’m an enormous Coca-Cola fan. I won’t drink Diet Coke. No Coke Zero. Never any Pepsi,’ he said. Though, these days amid the cost-of-living crisis, the richest ever occupant of No 10 might be paying a little more for Coke than he did back in 2019. According to internet archives, the cost of a 500ml Coca-Cola at some major British supermarkets has steadily risen over the last two years. Last year, the bottle would cost someone £1.65 at shops such as Tesco or Waitrose, up around 10p from the year before. Now, a bottle costs £1.75. Britain, meanwhile, struck a landmark deal – again – with the EU to end the years-long dispute over post-Brexit trade rules with Northern Ireland. The rules have been a major sticking point for EU officials, hard-line Brexit MPs and members of the Northern Irish party, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP). Northern Ireland shares a border with Ireland, still an EU member so part of the EU and its single market – so how goods can be shipped between Northern Ireland and Britain without border checks has proved tricky. But for Sunak, the way forward is his agreement, known as the Windsor Framework, which includes a ‘green lane’ with little checks for goods travelling from Britain to Northern Irelands intended to stay there. There’s also an ’emergency brake’ to let the Northern Ireland Assembly stop new EU trade laws and let Parliament set VAT. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.