Epsom College killer George Pattison was ‘in a state of madness’ when he shot dead his wife and daughter, his family have said. Mr Pattison killed his wife Emma Pattison, 45, and their seven-year-old daughter Lettie, with his shotgun at their home at the school last weekend, it is alleged. Pattison’s uncle Frederick Cameron, 83, told The Mail on Sunday that the tragedy had come as a ‘huge shock’ to the Jamaica-born killer’s family. He said: ‘He didn’t strike me as anyone who would do anything of that nature. ‘He must have been in a state of madness… It doesn’t make any sense to me.’ Mr Cameron said he went to the couple’s wedding in 2011 and his memories of that day were shattered when he received a call from his daughter Suzette – Pattison’s cousin – telling him of the killings. He said: ‘From what Suzette said it seems like there were problems [in the marriage]… But that doesn’t mean you shoot people.’ Pattison described himself online as ‘a career accountant desperate to do something better’. But his wine venture failed to take off. The couple reportedly hosted a dinner party hours before Emma made a distressed call to her sister. Relatives rushed to the scene but all three were dead when they arrived. Emma, her daughter Lettie and her husband George, were found dead at their home on the grounds of the Epsom College in Surrey last Sunday. It is believed Mr Pattison killed them before dying by suicide. Last week it was revealed Mrs Pattison made a ‘distressed call’ to her sister, Deborah Kirk, late Saturday evening – prompting her family to drive down to Surrey, according to MailOnline. But they were too late. They arrived to discover the bodies of Emma, her husband and their daughter. School staff reportedly phoned emergency services after hearing gunshots tearing through the early morning silence. Surrey Police confirmed a firearm was found at the scene said to be licensed and registered to Mr Pattison. Earlier this week it was claimed Mrs Pattison was briefly arrested after a domestic row with her husband in 2016. George called police alleging his wife slapped him around the face just before midnight, according to Sky News. Two minutes later, Mr Pattison dialled 999 again to ask officers not to come as it was a ‘trivial matter and he had overreacted’, the news channel reported. Officers visited their home in Caterham, Surrey, regardless and arrested Mrs Pattison on suspicion of common assault. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.