Manchester United and Liverpool have already begun working on a summer deal for Randal Kolo Muani but will have to dig deep after Eintracht Frankfurt increased their asking price for the World Cup finalist. United and Liverpool both endured subdued January transfer windows but are expected to invest heavily in the summer to improve Erik ten Hag and Jurgen Klopp’s respective squads. Both clubs will look to sign new forwards at the end of the season, with Ten Hag still searching for Cristiano Ronaldo’s long-term replacement and Klopp looking to freshen up his misfiring team. The Premier League rivals have expressed interest in signing Kolo Muani, having been impressed by his development at Frankfurt. The 24-year-old has scored 13 goals and made 10 assists this season and impressed for France at the Qatar World Cup. Kolo Muani scored in France’s semi-final win over Morocco and then impressed in the final after coming on as a first-half substitute. Since returning from Qatar, Kolo Muani has scored four goals in four games, helping Frankfurt climb to fifth in the Bundesliga table. His form has caught the attention of several big European clubs and French outlet L’Equipe say both Manchester United and Liverpool intend to sign him in the summer. Kolo Muani is said to be keen on a move to the Premier League but the issue for United and Liverpool is that Eintracht Frankfurt are demanding a huge sum for the talented forward. The German club had initially been wanted around 80m euros for Kolo Muani, but L’Equipe say they are now looking for 100m euros (£89m), which would make him one of the most expensive signings in Premier League history.  Manchester United and Liverpool are experiencing vastly different seasons, with the Red Devils impressing under Ten Hag to climb into the top-four places and reach the EFL Cup final. But Liverpool – who almost won the quadruple last season – have slipped to 10th in the Premier League, 11 points outside the Champions League places. Ex-Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy wants Klopp to oversee a summer ‘rebuild’ at the end of the season and says the club’s priority should be to sign at least one new midfielder. ‘I think it would be stupid of me to not be shocked and surprised at how far they’ve gone backwards in such a short space,’ Murphy told talkSPORT. ‘We’re talking about a team that was not far off winning the quadruple last season. ‘They don’t look at it, they don’t look like they’ve got much legs, or got much hunger. They’re missing players, of course they are, but they had some of those players at the beginning of the season and results were the same. ‘I think there’s a rebuild needed, and by that I mean players out the door and a few more in. ‘Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is out of contract and I wouldn’t be surprised to see Naby Keita go, I’m not sure James Milner is going to stay for another year, if he does he won’t be playing much – that’s three midfielders potentially leaving.  ‘The midfield needs freshening up and I would love Bellingham to happen because he is exactly what Liverpool need. But I don’t think they just need one, I think they probably need two. ‘I’d go for Bellingham and Rice. I’d try and get them both. Why not? Go hard or go home on two big signings, rather than four or five. ‘Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham walking into that midfield with Thiago… that’s exciting.’ MORE : What is Financial Fair Play and what punishments do clubs face for breaking the rules? MORE : Naby Keita expected to leave Liverpool on free transfer at the end of the season For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 