Weston McKennie insists he will ‘miss’ Jesse Marsch but says the Leeds United squad cannot dwell on his sacking as they look to avoid relegation. Marsch, 49, was sacked at the start of the week after less than a year in charge of the club. Under the American – who replaced Marcelo Bielsa in February 2022 – Leeds had slipped to 17th in the Premier League and gone almost three months without a league win. USA midfielder McKennie was signed by Marsch in January but only spent eight days with the manager before he was removed from Elland Road. McKennie made his Leeds debut in Marsch’s final game in charge – a 1-0 defeat to Nottingham Forest – and addressed the managerial change following Leeds’ 2-2 draw with Manchester United on Wednesday night. ‘Obviously every player here has gone through a phase where the manager has been changed and this was a quick turnaround,’ McKennie told Stadium Astro. ‘We will miss him obviously but at the same time we’re focused on the job and getting points. ‘The new staff that came in at such short notice knew the job as well. We came here and took a point from Old Trafford, hopefully we can get all three next time at Elland Road. ‘For me it was probably the quickest manager change I’ve had. But I know I can play under any manager and hopefully we will find something who fits us well.’ Managerless Leeds looked set to stun Manchester United at Old Trafford after taking a 2-0 lead thanks to Wilfried Gnonto’s early strike and Raphael Varane’s own goal shortly after half-time.  But in-form Marcus Rashford halved the deficit on the hour mark before Jadon Sancho scored his first Premier League goal since September to earn the hosts a point. McKennie added: ‘We can’t be too greedy. We wanted the three points but everything counts in this situation so we can’t moan about one.’ Manchester United travel to Elland Road for the reverse fixture on Sunday. Leeds will likely have confirmed Marsch’s replacement by then and are looking at Rayo Vallecano’s Andoni Iraola and Feyenoord’s Arne Slot. MORE : Erik ten Hag refuses to blame Casemiro absence for 'unacceptable' Man Utd performance MORE : Alejandro Garnacho sends message to Manchester United fans after Leeds draw For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 