Two men have been jailed for trying to lure two women and a schoolgirl walking alone into their car, leaving them with ‘psychological scars’. Jordan Godfrey, 30, and Brett Parker, 28, travelled around Swanley, Kent, in a stolen car on November 6, 2018. They approached two lone women in quick succession and one teenager, claiming they were lost and in need of directions. The men ‘offered a lift’ to the first woman as they pulled up beside her at around 8am but she walked away. Only minutes later, Godfrey and Parker targeted a teenage girl, walking along London Road. The pair asked the child to go inside their car to give them directions – when she refused, they tailed her for several minutes. They only drove away after she pretended to make a phone call. At around 8:30am, they blocked a footpath in front of a woman, 24, heading towards the railway station. Father-of-two Parker, who had been taking drugs and drinking earlier that day, swung open the back door and told the woman to get inside the Ford Focus. Parker grabbed her arm and tried to force her inside their car, but she managed to wrestle out of his grip and get away safely. He then wrapped his arm around the neck of one of the victims and dragged her to the ground, witness Vivian Walters claimed. ‘He [Parker] took hold of her arm in a relatively hard grip and said to her “get in the car”,’ she said. ”He nudged her towards the car, but she told him to “f*** off” more than once and yanked her arm back.’ Godfrey and Parker then drove to a nearby car park only to crash into an unmoving vehicle. Parker, the court heard, offered a ‘score’ – £20 – to cover the damages before trying to drive off. But when they saw two women attempting to take photos of the scene, Godfrey screamed ‘give me that f****g phone, give me that phone’. Walters added: ‘He [Godfrey] then used his left forearm and placed it across (one of the witnesses’) throat while pulling her backwards, demanding she hand over the phone – no doubt because any photographs or video on it would link them to the collision in the car park and therefore the attempted kidnap just outside.’ Colleagues of the woman managed to stop the attack by claiming she was pregnant. Eventually, the two men fled and abandoned the car in Maidstone, which was later recovered by police. Forensic tests of the vehicle and the clothing of one of the women’s coats found the DNA of Godfrey and Parker. They faced trial at Maidstone Crown Court after police arrested and charged them. Judge Philip Statman told the defendants as he handed down the sentence: ‘This court has to ensure that young women are able to walk the streets without being bundled into a car. ‘I shouldn’t speculate as to what your motives were in trying to bundle your victim into your car. I saw no genuine remorse during the trial.’ But while Godfrey and Parker have since been sentenced, their victims remain shaken. The 24-year-old victim told the court: ‘I couldn’t even think about walking down that road again. I’ve been having nightmares, dreaming about what happened over and over and what could have happened if he managed to get me in that car. ‘I began thinking, what if there was a gang? I had to discuss with my dad about him taking me to work and picking me up so I didn’t have to walk down that road. ‘This case has taken four years to get to court and I suspect this will continue to affect me throughout my life, all due to one man deciding to try and force me into a car. ‘I have no idea what his intentions were but my mind will always go to the darkest place and I cannot change that.’ Detective Constable Hayley Campbell, of Kent Police, added: ‘The intentions of Godfrey and Parker in trying to encourage and force females into their car remain unclear. ‘However, there can be no doubt that their actions will have caused panic and genuine fear to each and every person who they targeted and approached.’ Detective Campbell said that, simply put, women should be free to live their daily lives without the fear of being harassed or assaulted. ‘The victims, in this case, will sadly bear the psychological scars of these incidents for a very long time,’ she added. Parker, 28, of Blackborne Road, Dagenham, Essex, was found guilty of attempted robbery and attempted kidnap. He was sentenced on Monday to three years and nine months in jail. Godfrey, 30, of Clematis Close, Romford, was convicted of attempted robbery. He was jailed for two years and six months. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.