BBC News were forced off air and staff were suddenly evacuated on Tuesday morning, interrupting a live broadcast. Reports state that a fire alarm went off in the building, as staff were escorted outside and live programming interrupted. BBC North East and Cumbria reporters evacuated before the breakfast programme began. A statement later posted read: ‘Apologies to our Look North viewers. The fire alarm went off just before our last breakfast bulletin which meant we had to evacuate the building. ‘We will be back at 1:30 with the lunchtime Look North.’ The studios, which are located in Newcastle, hosts local news bulletins for North East and Cumbria, while main national news bulletins are broadcast from studios in Manchester. Viewers were left confused over the morning interruption, with one writing: ‘Hope all’s OK. We were wondering what had happened.’ ‘Better safe than sorry,’ another wrote. This isn’t the first time a BBC fire alarm has interrupted live programming. In March, presenters Rachel Burden and Roger Johnson were midway through conducting an interview with The Apprentice winner Harpreet Kaur when they were interrupted. ‘We’ve been disturbed by an alarm which may mean that we have to slow things down for a moment,’ Rachel said, after an alarm went off. ‘I’m so sorry everyone. For the time being, we’re going to have to leave the studios. ‘So we’ll see if we can come back before the end of the show,’ she explained. Over the alarm, a voice could be heard saying: ‘Attention, attention, please evacuate the building via the nearest exit. Please do not use the lifts.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : BBC defends Rachel Johnson appearance on Sunday With Laura Kuenssberg after backlash over ‘impartiality’ MORE : Petition to bring back Autumnwatch reaches almost 100,000 signatures after BBC explains shock axe 