While Game of Thrones fans are pretty much convinced the Jon Snow spin-off series is happening, Kit Harington is still keeping his lips sealed. Last year reports of the series seemed to be confirmed after Emilia Clarke (Daenerys Targaryen) revealed that Kit confided in her about it. But yet to ever say that it’s been given the green-light, he is still being coy about it all. When appearing on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon on Friday, the talk show host tried to tease out any information that he could. Directly asking Kit, 36, if the show was going ahead, little was revealed. ‘Well, I don’t know. Do you want to have it?’ he replied. Jimmy didn’t waste any time responding and said: ‘Yes, I do want it. I think people would love it.’ ‘I’d love to see you as Jon Snow,’ he added. While Kit said he ‘can’t say anything on that’, he did joke that a drop in attention from fans might spur him to sign up. ‘Well I walk down the street and I get recognised a little less nowadays and it kind of hurts my ego you know,’ he said. ‘I’m pretty close to putting on some furs.’ Asking if the approach would be to ignore him to get the series, Jimmy tried to think of ways to make sure it would happen. ‘I have a tally in my head of how few photos I get asked for in a day and when it gets below a certain number, I think I will do a spin-off,’ Kit jokingly replied. Springing into action, Jimmy then urged fans not to ask Kit for a photo if they saw him in the next few days, and that an answer on the series could come ‘by Monday’. Fans watching on were pulling their hair out while waiting to find out more. ‘Jon Snow knows something,’ one person wrote on YouTube. ‘We need a sequel ASAP!!! Gosh I absolutely loved Kit as Jon Snow he will forever be my favorite character ever created,’ another added. In the same interview, Kit also revealed that he and wife Rose Leslie, who played Ygritte, are currently expecting their second child. However, he admitted he was feeling ‘terrified’ about the impending arrival. He said the reality of having two children was starting to kick in and he had to ‘get practical, real quick’. The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon airs on NBC in the US. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Whoopi Goldberg shows off ‘heated’ Game of Thrones inspired toilet to Kit Harington MORE : Kit Harington says social media became ‘most dangerous thing’ after Game Of Thrones fame  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 