Peter Andre might be on the verge of turning 50, but the singer has insisted that his jet black hair is completely natural. On Friday’s Good Morning Britain, the musician caught up with co-hosts Ben Shephard, 48, and Kate Garraway, 55, to chat about his 30th anniversary tour. Having first embarked on his career in entertainment as a 16-year-old in 1989 on the Australian talent show New Faces, fans may be astounded by the reminder that he’s been in the industry for three decades. When asked how he’s feeling about his upcoming milestone birthday on February 27, Peter said that he feels ‘alright’. ‘I’m looking at you, I can’t believe you’re going to be 50. It makes no sense to me!’ Ben remarked, as Kate chimed in to add: ‘What are your tricks? What are your secrets?’ ‘I have a young wife,’ Peter began, referring to his 33-year-old wife Dr Emily MacDonagh. He then continued: ‘I think… I don’t know. My dad’s 89, and half his hair is still black. I get asked all the time, “You dye your hair, you dye your hair, stop dyeing it, stop dyeing it,” and I’m like, “I don’t!”’ Ben appeared astounded by the revelation that Peter’s hair colour is natural rather than dyed, questioning: ‘You’re not dyeing it?’ ‘No I’m not, but there’ll come a time, and it will happen,’ their guest responded, patting the back of his head. The Mysterious Girl musician said it was ‘unreal’ that half of his dad’s hair is still black, with Ben crediting his ‘genes’. Peter proceeded to demonstrate he’s a true cheesy dad at heart, quipping that his father ‘doesn’t wear jeans’. During his interview with Ben and Kate, Peter also clarified the claim that he’d ‘banned’ his children from going on Love Island. He has four children in total, sharing two children with his ex-wife Katie Price – Junior and Princess – and two children with his wife Dr Emily – Amelia and Theodore. Peter explained that he says things ‘in jest all the time’, before outlining that when his children turn 18, they’re ‘going to do what I want’. Nonetheless, he’d rather they present a show like Love Island rather than participate, although he hailed Maya Jama for doing a great job on the 2023 series. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Junior Andre announces festival performance after launching music career – and dad Pete couldn’t be more excited MORE : Peter Andre looks back at 1995 Mysterious Girl music video and likens son Junior to his younger self 