Welcome to How I Do It, the series in which we give you a seven-day sneak peek into the sex life of a stranger. This week, we hear from Hope Flynn, a heterosexual 31-year-old content creator and the founder of online community Feed Me Female. Hope is single, but she’s just started seeing someone new, and she’s not interested in anybody else right now. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘We only started having sex together last week, and I’m unexpectedly really into him. The first time I met him, I actually found him a bit annoying, so this is a surprising one for me. ‘He’s also quite a bit shorter than me, but who doesn’t love a short king?’ This week, she’s jetting off on a long trip to the opposite side of the globe. For the whole time she’s apart from this guy, she’s decided she’s going to swear off both porn and masturbation. They both find the idea fun ‘in a sexy dom master kind of way’, but Hope won’t find this abstinence easy… Typically, I woke up a little hungover from drinking alcohol the entire day on Saturday – I didn’t have a crazy one for me, but I still partied until around 5am this morning. But something was a bit different this time. I didn’t wake up in my own bed, or alone – I stayed over at the home of a guy I very recently started sleeping with. I had no solid plans all day today, and he had cancelled his due to a hangover (which was way worse than mine). So we both decided to stay in bed, committing only to leaving the room to answer the door for our food deliveries. We spent the whole day in and out of having sex – and I mean the whole day (I genuinely lost count of how many times we did it). We had the TV on, but I don’t think we managed to get through an entire film without keeping our hands off of each other. Exploring his body has been fun. I’m a bit of a kinky b***h and I switch between being a sub and a dom – both of which he seems happy with. This guy and I have both been open about how we want to further explore some kinks and fantasies with each other. I showed him my favourite porno to show him exactly what I want. Our sex is rough yet intimate and involved some light strangling. My body still had some marks on it from our encounter a few days prior when he tied me up and spanked me. He seems to like the sex marks he left on my bum, and so do I. We discussed how neither of us has felt like this in a while. I have been single for years so for me to spend all day in bed with a guy is a rarity. I loved being held in his arms, laying on his chest, being stroked all over and caressed. Still at his and still in Sunday’s luvin’ bubble, we woke up and had sex again. We started with oral, and then I got on top – I must say I was a bit exhausted and sore from the night before so it probably wasn’t my best performance. I left his mid-morning as neither of us had meetings until around 12ish – I also had to go home and pack for a five-week trip to Australia I’ve got coming up very soon. The idea of not seeing him for five weeks was starting to play on my mind and I could feel a few of my insecurities starting to bubble up. When I got home I received a text from him, about how he wasn’t expecting this between us and how I have given him his sex drive back. The thought of not seeing each other for a while was playing on my mind a little more, so we decided to squeeze one more dinner and evening together in before I leave for my trip tomorrow. After a chilled dinner out in South Kensington, we went back to mine as I still had a bit of packing to do. Unsurprisingly, we couldn’t wait to get back into bed to cuddle, have sex and just absorb as much of each other as possible before I leave. This evening involved a lot of firsts – the first time he used sex toys on me, the first time we used lube, the first time he whispered a dirty scenario in my ear and the first time we had sex in my bed. I think being in my own space ignited a comfort inside of me that allowed me to really relax and get into our sex more. This time it felt deeper, more passionate and, in my opinion, we discovered our best sex position yet. I woke up and reached for my vibrator like I do most mornings at home – of course, this led to us to having sex AGAIN. Before he left, I asked what he thought about me leaving my travel sex toys at home and abstaining from masturbating and porn for the next five weeks. He seemed to like this idea and so did I. I am a self-proclaimed prolific ‘wanker’, spending around 45 minutes most mornings masturbating as it seems to be taking me forever to reach orgasm lately. After deliberating one last time, I decided once and for all not to pack my toys and to embark on a whole trip spent with NO porn and NO masturbating. I jump in an Uber and head off to Heathrow. I spent the majority of the day travelling. I had a flashback to a time I met a guy on a flight, and we decided to have a date mid-air which ended with him fingering me 11 hours later. I also had a flashback to rubbing olive oil all over my new guy’s hip and thigh area, then using the olive oil as lube, which turned me on. I finally arrive in Perth, checked into my hotel, and went for dinner and drinks at a rooftop bar with my family. I decided to try to have an early night after a very lengthy 22 hours of travelling. I spent the day beach hopping, doing some work on my phone and eating. I received a message from a guy I’ve casually hooked up with before, but I decided to ignore him today. Since getting closer to the new guy, I have no interest in anyone else. Later on in the day, I felt like being cheeky, so I decided to take a topless photo in my hotel bathroom mirror and send it to him… just to make sure he doesn’t forget how great my boobs are. The photo was received well. I woke up super early due to jet lag, so I decided to go for a walk along the harbour. I ended up having a long FaceTime call with the guy, and it was super cute. Every time we talk, I open up a bit more, and I like him a little more. It’s actually making me feel a bit scared. I fear each time I open up that I’m making myself more vulnerable, which in turn could give the guy more of an ability to hurt me in some shape or form (past traumas love to s**t on my parade). After posting a few selfies from the beach, I started to receive a string of DMs from random guys; one begging to be my foot slave, another asking me to talk dirty, and another begging me to start an OnlyFans. I ignored them all. I caught an early flight to Melbourne from Perth, which means the time difference has increased to +11 hours from the UK. I’m probably not going to get a chance to communicate much with friends or with the new guy now, which makes me feel sad, but I’m excited to see how it all pans out. They say distance makes the heart grow fonder, so let’s see. The new guy has been checking to see if I’ve been playing with myself in a sexy dom master kind of way. I like it, and it’s keeping me motivated not to go back on my word, although that in itself has been making my fanny flutter. I feel a wave of horniness, which has led me to Google the benefits of not masturbating in a desperate attempt to stop myself from ‘flicking my bean’. I don’t have much willpower and I have never been able to commit to abstaining from anything in my life. As I’m searching online, I can’t seem to find any hard science to back up why you should abstain from masturbating – however, I know I have a slight porn and masturbation addiction, so I need to do this for me. It’s going to be a very long five weeks… Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m exploring my kinky side after splitting from my vanilla ex’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m polyamorous – monogamy would be lonely for me’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m single at 52 – it’s like my sex life has been born again’