Alex Reid’s fiancee Nikki Manashe has shared a heartbreaking update on her pregnancy complications after being rushed to hospital. Former Celebrity Big Brother star Alex, 47, announced that Nikki had been admitted to hospital after he discovered she was bleeding heavily at home earlier this week. She is currently pregnant with twins, her second and third children with Alex, who were conceived via in vitro fertilisation (IVF). The couple are already parents to one-year-old Anastasia who was born in 2021. On Wednesday, Nikki returned to social media with photos of herself laying in a hospital bed, and explained how doctors have laid out several scenarios of what could happen over the next few days. As she is still bleeding, these include going into early labour and doctors fighting to save her life and those of her twins, but she could also make a healthy recovery and see the pregnancy out to full term. Nikki also revealed that this was the week she was meant to move into a new home with fiance Alex and Anastasia, as well as launch a pregnancy and baby-friendly candle range. ‘Instead I write this from a hospital bed, scared and emotionally broken,’ she wrote. She continued: ‘48 hours ago my waters broke from twin A. I started to bleed because I have a low lying placenta. The bleeding is still happening on and off. ‘After speaking to my consultant here is my scenarios – ‘Scenario one – I get very sick from an infection due to waters breaking and end up having to abort both babies to save my life. Scenario two – I deliver my twins within the next 24-72 hours (this is the most common time to go into labour once your waters break) my babies won’t survive. ‘Scenario three – one baby (twin B) keeps growing and survives and we lose the baby that has lost the fluid. ‘Scenario four – both babies survive past 22 weeks, have a special steroid injection to help develop the twins lungs but they still could be delivered early ending up in a special unit for a good few months. If this happens I have been told to be prepared for a high chance of babies suffering with cerebral palsy, limb disfigurements and breathing problems. ‘The last and only scenario I want which could happen is I stay healthy, the fluid returns, babies stay healthy and we last to full term.’ Nikki added that she’ll be staying in hospital for the foreseeable future. ‘I have to be brave for my daughter and have to keep fighting for these little twins, my mini reidernaters. Please have us in your prayers tonight,’ she concluded. It comes after Alex updated fans last night to reveal that Nikki was finally catching sleep after being up for 24 hours. He also detailed the moment he found her bleeding at home, describing it as a ‘scary’ experience, and heard her scream while surrounded by ‘lots of blood’ before making the decision to rush her to hospital. Alex and Nikki have been open about their IVF journey over the past seven years, using the process to conceive daughter Anastasia, and have also suffered five miscarriages. MORE : Alex Reid’s fiancee Nikki Manashe rushed to hospital due to ‘traumatic’ pregnancy complications with twins MORE : Love Island ‘halts filming’ as extreme weather sparks chaos for cast and crew 