Chelsea were rather embarrassingly held to a 0-0 draw against Fulham on Friday night but would suffer further humiliation on Twitter after the game. Though the Blues trailed the Cottagers in the league table, it was expected that the west London giants would beat their local rivals, especially since they had the home advantage. More so, Graham Potter’s side was packed with his new expensive signings, including the £107million World Cup winner Enzo Fernandez. But while they came close several times, Chelsea were unable to break the deadlock with Fulham’s defence putting in a masterclass performance, with right-back Kenny Tete looking particularly impressive. Tete was named player of the match for his efforts, and Fulham’s social media admin couldn’t help but rub it in the faces of his rivals. Just after kick-off, Chelsea had tweeted an image of Reece James, who was making his first start of the year following a knee injury, with the caption: ‘Built different, one of our own. Reply with a better RB.’ Though replies had been cunningly disabled, Fulham responded on Saturday morning via a quote tweet with a picture of Tete with his player of the match trophy. It was accompanied with the caption: ‘You come at the King, you best not miss.’ Tete’s award was well deserved as he pocketed the likes of Mykhailo Mudryk, Noni Madueke and Raheem Sterling at various points during the game. Between them., the Chelsea trio didn’t manage a shot until injury time, achieved zero crosses, zero successful dribbles and collectively lost 10 of 12 ground and aerial duels to the 27-year-old Dutch international. Fulham have exceeded all expectations so far this season to rise up to sixth in the Premier League table at the time of writing, and are now looking ahead to their FA Cup fourth-round replay at Sunderland on Wednesday. Meanwhile Chelsea are languishing down in ninth and now face a trip to fellow London side West Ham next Saturday. MORE : Graham Potter responds to Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola’s complaints about Chelsea’s spending MORE : Jamie Carragher names Chelsea’s two ‘glaring problems’ after spending £600million on transfers For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 