It’s very easy to come to realisations about your sexuality later in life, especially in this heteronormative world. And if you’re attracted to the opposite sex too, it can take a minute to realise that what you thought were ‘girl/guy crushes’ were actually just plain old crushes all along. Unfortunately, according to new data, bisexual people can find sharing the fact that they’re taking their first foray into the world of queer dating intimidating. Hinge’s ‘Beyond the Talking Stage’ report looks at the communication challenges not-straight daters deal with before, during and after that all-important first date. The survey was conducted in November 2022 with over 14,000 of the app’s LGBTQIA+ users worldwide taking part. This research found that bisexual people are three times more likely to have never had a queer dating experience compared to other LGBTQIA+ daters. These bi daters also encounter FOE when dating, or ‘fear of exploration’. This is thanks to the biphobia they experience both within and outside the LGBTQ+ community. That being said, the app’s research also found that 80% of LGBTQIA+ daters are in fact open to being someone’s first non-straight experience. The key to these first forays is, as with so very many things in the dating world, good communication. Moe Ari Brown, Hinge’s Love and Connections Expert, tells us: ‘FOE essentially stops you from being your authentic self. ‘I want to encourage more LGBTQIA+ daters to push past their FOE and come out as first-timers. The best cure I’ve found for dating FOE is to have an honest conversation about your self-exploration journey upfront. ‘A majority of LGBTQIA+ Hinge daters told us they’re open to being someone’s first queer experience, especially if they discuss it with them first. Being open will help you to build self-acceptance and push past your FOE once and for all.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Heartstopper’s Kit Connor calls out lack of bisexual representation on TV: ‘It’s shockingly low’ MORE : The Navy discharged me for being bisexual – I fought for 26 years to get my medals back MORE : Cocktails swapped for coffees: Singles are dating cost-effectively with the new ‘daylight saving’ trend