Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have yet to decide whether they will travel to London to attend the King’s coronation, according to reports. The Duke of Sussex is said to want a meeting with his dad and Prince William before he and his wife come to a final decision. Sources close to the couple said neither the King nor William have spoken directly to Harry and Meghan about their attendance on May 6, with RSVPs expected before the start of April. If they do make it to the event, they will be included as part of the 2,000-strong congregation, with Harry playing no special role. Reports suggest he would not be seated beside his brother, and the couple would not appear next to the rest of the Royal Family on the balcony at Buckingham Palace. A source told the Mirror: ‘Harry has been very clear and his position hasn’t wavered. ‘He isn’t going to come if he feels the atmosphere will be as toxic as it was during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and funeral. ‘He’s said he wants to reconcile with his family and it’s their call, but so far nothing has changed.’ Buckingham Palace confirmed on Saturday the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had received an official invitation to the coronation. Speculation had been rife on whether they would be asked to attend, following reported anger from Harry’s relatives over the release of his tell-all autobiography Spare last month. But a source told the Daily Mail the Royal Family was ‘fully expecting’ the couple to make it. Another possibility is said to be that Harry travels to the UK by himself, leaving Meghan behind to look after their children. Their oldest child, Archie, will turn four on May 6, the same day as the coronation. Harry could be whisked in and out of the country in the space of two days, so he can be back with his family as quickly as possible. The coronation of King Charles III will be scaled down in comparison to the event for Queen Elizabeth II in 1953. While his mother had 8,000 people in Westminster Abbey to watch her being crowned, the monarch will have just a quarter of that number. And the amount of time spent organising the ceremony has been halved from 16 months to eight. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.