Patsy Palmer was the fourth star bidding an emotional farewell to the ice after facing Darren Harriot in the Dancing On Ice skate-off. Musical Icons week saw the remaining celebrities – including The Vivienne, Mollie Gallagher, and Joey Essex – tackling new routines from the greatest musicians including Beyonce, Elton John, and Billie Eilish. The judges, Oti Mabuse, Ashley Banjo, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean, opted to save comedian Darren and his skating partner Tippy Packard,  after he landed in the bottom two alongside the Bianca Jackson actress, 50. Bursting into tears upon learning of her fate, she told hosts Philip Schofield and Holly Willoughby: ‘I met the best people ever, we’ve been like one big family. Matt is amazing. ‘I’ve proved that I can and exceeded what I can do.’ Reflecting on his partnership with the former EastEnders star, professional partner Matt Evers said: ‘When I first met Pasty on the ice, I was like, “Whoa this is going to be a tough one,” but I am so proud of what she’s accomplished.’ The pair join John Fashanu, who was the first star eliminated with his partner Alexandra Schauman. Then, Liberty X pop star Michelle Heaton was the second skating star voted off, after a shock twist axed the skate-off and immediately ousted the pair with the least votes from the public. Meanwhile, Love Island winner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu was the third star bidding farewell to the ice during last Sunday’s live show. Viewers took to social media to congratulate the star’s journey into the competition before narrowly missing out on next Sunday’s movie special theme. ‘Oh Patsy, this week was your biggest improvement yet for me. You have clearly learnt so much and made so much improvement, and isn’t that what we all aim to do in life? You can be so proud of yourself and I’m proud of you. We will miss you,’ one person wrote. ‘Sad that Patsy and Matt have gone. Patsy really did improve and went out on a high. Patsy should be very proud of what she has achieved. Best of luck to you and Matt for the future,’ another added. Dancing On Ice returns next Sunday at 6:30pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Dan Whiston defends Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s sexy outfits after immense backlash: ‘She looked fantastic and celebrated girl power’ MORE : Lemar reflects on ‘surreal’ and ‘wild’ Fame Academy experience, Dancing On Ice ‘pressure’ and celebrating 20th anniversary of debut 