While you can’t buy love, being skint can really take the passion out of a relationship. The cost of living crisis has impacted people in a number of ways, and there are knock-on effects being felt in our love lives too. In fact, 64% of UK adults are more stressed than usual, 55% are sleeping worse, and 57% have noticed an impact on their mental wellbeing due to financial worries. Sex toy retailer Lovehoney surveyed 1,633 people between the ages of 18 and 64, revealing the ways couples are trying to cut back. Over a third of respondents said they’re having more at-home dates, with two thirds visiting pubs and restaurants less frequently to save cash. Additionally, the majority reported spending less on trips an holidays with their partner. There’s nothing wrong with enjoying nights in and being frugal, but it’s important to break routine sometimes in order to keep the spark alive. If a relationship feels like groundhog day, it’s all too easy to let it go stale – and that’s not the last thing you need when you’re dealing with financial woes. Thankfully, it doesn’t take a swanky meal out or expensive gift to spice things up. Try these tips to ramp up the romance without spending a fortune. If you’re worried about your energy bill, you may be tempted to get your comfies on and cosy up. That’s great for the planet and your bank balance, but may impact your sex life if you don’t take action. In Lovehoney’s survey, 20% of people said they’ve considered sex in lieu of turning the heating on – and it’s not actually a bad idea. Arousal raises your facial and body temperature, so opting to have sex whenever you’re feeling chilly is a great way to make the best of rapidly-rising heating costs. For 48% of sex toy users surveyed, buying or browsing for a new toy has helped them stay connected to themselves or their partner. However, 53% said that simply browsing for one was enjoyable, so you don’t have to purchase anything to reap the benefits. Check out the couple’s section of your favourite sex toy site and scroll through with your partner, talking about what you both enjoy or how you’d use each one. This brings intimacy to the forefront of your minds, and helps create space for both of you to discuss your desires. The saying goes, ‘if you can’t love yourself, how the hell are you going to love somebody else?’ This is true in the sexual sphere too; we need alone time to recharge without the pressure of someone else’s pleasure. Even if you live with a partner, it’s important you both make time for masturbation. Not only does it relieve stress, it helps make sex more of a special event (rather than a means to an end if you’re in need of an orgasm). Lovehoney Sex and Relationship expert, Annabelle Knight, says: ‘Masturbation – and sexual activity in general – releases a number of hormones, including dopamine and seratonin, that make us feel more relaxed, particularly when it results in orgasm. ‘Masturbation and sex can also have a sedating effect on us, as our bodies naturally prepare to recover from the physical effort, which in turn helpsus get to sleep.’ Take some help from the 86% of those surveyed who said they set a budget for ‘treats’ as a couple. When money’s tight, it can be tempting to cut back to essentials only. It seems like a prudent idea, but gets old quickly when you’re never having any fun. The amount you choose depends on your circumstances – whatever it is, ring-fence it in a separate bank account or by putting cash in a jar. After all the saving and scrimping going on right now, knowing there’s money for a meal out, new lingerie, or even a bag of sweets for your sweetheart will provide much-needed motivation. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Torn between gold or silver? Here’s how to find out which colour jewellery suits your skin tone MORE : ‘The Lasagne’ sex position explained – don’t worry, it’s not as messy as it sounds