Rising hate speech spewed by politicians and the press in Europe has led to one of the most ‘violent years for LGBTQ+ people in over a decade’. A new report by the European branch of the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association (ILGA-Europe) released today said this led to ‘life or death consequences’ in 2022. ‘Attacks on LGBTI people with a conscious and deliberate will to kill and injure have increased to unprecedented levels,’ the report, the 12th annual study by the group, said. Look no further than the shooting at a gay bar in Oslo, Norway and Bratislava, Slovakia, of such ‘planned, ferocious attacks’ against queer people, it added. ‘Widespread hate speech from politicians, religious leaders, right-wing organisations and media pundits’ has made hate speech a ‘serious issue’ in Europe. ‘There has not only been a stark rise in violence against LGBTI people,’ the report noted, ‘but in the severity of that violence.’ In the UK, ILGA-Europe accused former Prime Minister Boris Johnson and current Tory leader Rishi Sunak of causing ‘serious damage’ to LGBTQ+ rights. ILGA-Europe pointed to Johnson’s since-reversed move to exclude trans people from a long-sought ban on conversion therapy and his support for barring trans women from elite sports as examples of politicians ‘weaponising trans rights’. When Johnson resigned and the keys to Number 10 were eventually handed to Sunak, ILGA-Europe said the anti-trans rhetoric didn’t leave with him. Sunak has made ‘anti-trans statements, including “trans women are not women”’ and caused alarm when he said equality law should clarify that ‘sex means biological sex rather than gender’. But it isn’t just hate speech on the rise. Anti-LGBTQ+ hate crimes are spiralling, which in 2022 ‘reached dramatic numbers’ in the UK. ‘The Home Office’s annual… statistics report highlighted that homophobic hate crimes increased by 41 per cent and transphobic hate crimes by 56 per cent, in England and Wales,’ the report said. ‘This marks the starkest annual increase since 2012.’ Records are seemingly broken every year for homophobic hate crimes, which have doubled in five years growing from 10,003 in 2016-17 to 26,824 in 2021-22. Violence against trans people spiked 240% in this same period, from 1,292 reports to 4,399 five years later. A spike in brutality against just 0.2% of the population ILGA-Europe credits to ‘anti-trans media reporting’. Anti-LGBTQ+ hate crime is also increasing in France, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Montenegro, the Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Spain, Switzerland, Turkey and Ukraine. But it’s vital people don’t forget that hate crime statistics aren’t just numbers, Robbie de Santos, communications director at Stonewall, told Metro.co.uk. ‘This timely report from ILGA underlines why we need to call out inaction and complacency on rising hate crime,’ he said. ‘Behind each of these numbers are people whose lives have been damaged by hatred and abuse.’ ‘And almost five years since the UK Government first promised to ban conversion practices in 2018, we are still waiting for legislation to be introduced. After years of dither and delay we need action, not words,’ he added. Overall, ILGA-Europe said the year didn’t start off too well for the UK after the Council of Europe compared it to Russia and Poland in January 2022. The continent’s leading human rights organisation that stretches 47 member states said the UK has seen ‘gender critical and anti-trans narratives which reduce the right for equality’, fuelling ‘virulent attacks’ against queer people. And ILGA-Europe agreed. Healthcare for trans youth remains spotty at best and queer young people continue to face high levels of bullying in school. While sobering, the report said anti-trans views held by some politicians aren’t exactly ‘in sync with public attitudes’. Pollster More in Common found the bulk of Brits have a ‘live and let live’ approach to queer people, want schools to be inclusive and agree that trans women are women and trans men are men. This was also seen in Hungary, where Prime Minister Viktor Orbán’s government has ignited anti-LGBTQ+ hatred and banned ‘homosexual propaganda’. Yet surveys suggest Hungarians do not consider this a worthwhile issue. At the report’s launch today at the Speech Club Brussels, ILGA-Europe’s advocacy director Katrin Hugendubel said it is ‘important to stress that this phenomenon of increasing hate and violence is not only in a few “bad” countries’. ‘We cannot pin this phenomenon to a certain region in Europe, along the traditional East-West Divide. It is across the board,’ she said. ‘Specific attention needs to be given to the high number of trans people being killed, especially trans women, which must be seen in the extreme rise in transphobic hate we have seen over the last years in many countries, especially countries working on reforming trans rights.’ Danijel Kalezic, co-director of the Turkish and Western Balkans group Equal Rights Association, added: ‘From the very first moment of our lives, we are given the message that we are wrong, that we shouldn’t be who we are. ‘And that is the beginning of the violence.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.