Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti spilled the beans on Dancing on Ice and admitted he was supposed to compete alongside partner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu in this year’s series of the show. The couple – that met on ITV’s reality dating programme in 2022 – has been spotted supporting each other since their exit from the villa but most recently it’s been all about Ekin as she battled it out on the ice. Despite being voted off the celebrity competition series that teaches famous faces to figure skate, the brunette beauty was featured as part of the line-up that also featured the likes of Joey Essex and Siva Kaneswaran. Having watched on from the sidelines, Davide revealed he was also supposed to be lacing up his ice skates alongside his girlfriend but decided against it as he felt he couldn’t give his all to the training commitments. Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk, he shared: ‘I was supposed to do Dancing on Ice as well. ‘They wanted us to compete together but I said no mostly because I’m the kind of person that when I decide to do something I want to give my 100 per cent and I knew that after coming out of Love Island I couldn’t commit a lot to the training. ‘I think next year I’ll be more free and would like to commit to the show.’ He continued on to explain how he supported Ekin while she competed every week with her professional partner Brendyn Hatfield. ‘I’ve been supporting Ekin-Su since the start of the programme,’ the Italian fan-favourite started. ‘She has been training for the last three, four months since October so I feel like the real support was in the past when she was coming home after training exhausted with painful legs. ‘So I have been with her supporting her day by day.’ The star chatted in the middle of his event with La Gioiosa prosecco event at Covent Garden’s Bunga Bunga and revealed the advice he gave to his reality star partner ahead of her latest endeavour. Davide said: ‘I told her to go and have fun and to realise you’re not saving lives, you’re entertaining people so try to show personality and have fun with it – you’re not going to be an Olympic ice skater so make the most of it’. As for the former Islander himself, he explained there were plenty of other daring reality shows he was dying to try his hand at. ‘There are so many shows I would like to do like SAS: Who Dares Wins or even I’m A Celebrity Get Me Out of Here. ‘That would scare me a little though if I had to eat animals and stuff but I would see it as a challenge and I love challenges!’ Learn more about La Gioiosa prosecco via their website and @lagioiosa_uk. Dancing On Ice continues Sunday at 6:25pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti reveals he plans to marry Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu as they gear up to celebrate Valentine’s Day early MORE : Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu joined by shirtless boyfriend Davide Sanclimenti for steamy snog in disco Dancing On Ice routine 