A$AP Rocky led the pack of celebrities arriving in Milan ahead of the city’s fashion week and showed off a new hairstyle that paid homage to Gucci. The rapper, 34, and partner of singer Rihanna, 35, attended the showcase on Friday that saw a host of A-Lister take their seats to watch the brand’s latest collection strut its stuff. A$AP donned an entirely Gucci ensemble for the occasion that consisted of a smoke-grey suit, tie and oversized pants with a double skirt layering. The star also styled his braids in the shape of a large G and finished off the look with a pair of shiny metal-toe boots. Flying solo, the musician accepted his Gucci invitation without his plus one and went to the show alone. His appearance in Italy came after his megastar girlfriend announced their pregnancy news which was first speculated during her halftime show at the Super Bowl in Arizona. Following the smash hit rendition of her greatest hits, a rep confirmed the rumours were true and the parents would be welcoming a second baby to their family. Rihanna and A$AP are already mum and dad to a little boy, nine months, who they debuted for a cover shoot for a recent edition of Vogue magazine. Also in attendance at the fashionable event was Ozark actress Julia Garner. The blonde beauty, 29, showed off her impeccable sense of style in a black leather mini-dress and a pair of matching sling-back kitten heels that featured a gold detail on the toe. The Hollywood star carried a black handbag while her platinum pixie cut was styled into a classy updo. Halle Bailey stole the show in a light pink midi dress that featured an asymmetric hemline and sheer detail and paired the look with a pair of red leather stilettos. She was accompanied by her boyfriend DDG – real name is Darryl Dwayne Granberry – at the show and wasn’t afraid to prove their status as the couple put on a cosy display. Sitting in the front row, The Little Mermaid actress flashed her pearly whites for cameras and carried a white handbag that tied her outfit together. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ASAP Rocky sued by shooting victim and former best friend ASAP Relli after 2021 gun incident MORE : ASAP Rocky charged with two counts of assault with a firearm after 2021 shooting  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 