A presenter on the US Today show was forced to leave early when it was still on-air after becoming unwell. On Tuesday February 28, Savannah Guthrie, who’s been a co-anchor of the morning programme since 2012, was supposed to appear on it as usual. However, while the broadcast was still on, it turned out that the 51-year-old journalist had tested positive for Covid-19. Speaking about Savannah’s absence, her co-star Sheinelle Jones explained why she was missing from the panel. ‘By the way, it has been an interesting morning for us. As we said, Savannah left early, she wasn’t feeling great, so she took a Covid test,’ the correspondent told viewers at home. ‘It came back positive. So, as soon as we found out, she rushed home to rest up. So Savannah, we love you, wishing you a speedy recovery.’ It was explained that Savannah left the show from 7.30am ET (Eastern Time) after finding out that she’d contracted the virus, after the show began airing half an hour earlier. She previously had Covid in May 2022 – having also tested positive in January 2022 – which resulted in her having to stay home for five days to isolate. At the time, Savannah apparently called into Today to say that she ‘just had a little cold’. The Today show pointed out that the presenter is vaccinated and also received a booster jab. Several viewers wished her better on her recovery, with one tweeting: ‘Aw. Wishing her best regards.’ ‘Get well soon,’ someone else wrote, while another added: ‘Hopefully it’s not a bad case of it.’ Earlier this month, Savannah was delighted to attend New York Fashion Week, sitting front row at a catwalk for the first time. ‘First ever runway show – don’t think it can be topped. Thank you @michaelkors for the honor!!’ she wrote on Instagram. A couple of weeks earlier, she interviewed Indiana Jones and Star Wars legend Harrison Ford, sharing with her followers: ‘Interviewing my all time favorite movie star of all time ever. Normal.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Riley Keough was in ‘tears for a week’ after watching Austin Butler play her grandfather Elvis Presley MORE : The Traitors US stars Arie Luyendyk Jr and Cirie Fields had secret pact to split $250,000 prize between themselves  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 