A 99-year-old great-grandmother who survived Auschwitz has said ‘words cannot explain how much this means to me’ after being made an MBE by the King. Lily Ebert was recognised for her services to Holocaust education at Windsor Castle on Tuesday after being included in the New Year Honours list – the first overseen by Charles since his ascension to the throne. Accompanying Lily was her 19-year-old great-grandson Dev Forman, who spread her message to the younger generation on TikTok. Together, the pair co-authored the bestseller ‘Lily’s Promise: How I Survived Auschwitz and Found the Strength to Live’ – which featured a foreword written by the King. ‘Not so long ago, there were people who wanted to kill me for my religion, and today I received this honour,’ Lily told reporters in a room at the castle which celebrates the life of the Jewish Queen Esther. ‘Words cannot explain how much this means to me. ‘I promised myself that if I survived, then I would tell the whole world what had happened to us in Auschwitz – that there were people killed for no other reason than their beliefs, because we were believed not to be worthy of life.’ She said she has always tried to be a positive force in the world and encourage others to ‘appreciate our differences and learn from each other, and be kind to everyone’. ‘Something terrible like that should never, ever happen again. As long as I am alive I will teach the world to be tolerant,’ she added. Lily also spoke about the importance of educating people through social media, in particular TikTok. ‘I find (educating people through TikTok) very important because the youngsters really want to learn and they should learn,’ she said. ‘I don’t speak only what I learn – I went through it.’ Lily was freed from Auschwitz aged 20 some 78 years ago, and spent a year in Switzerland before moving to Israel in 1946, then under British rule in Palestine. She moved to the UK in 1967 with her husband, Samuel, and began a life of educating the world about the horrors of the Holocaust. Lily is now based in north London and is a mother of three, a grandmother of 10, and became a great-grandmother for the 36th time in 2022. Her great-grandson said it was ‘humbling’ to witness her become an MBE. ‘It is so humbling to be here today, together with four generations of my great-grandmother’s family as she accepted her MBE,’ Dev said. ‘It was very moving to see the tears rolling down her face as she told the King that she never expected to survive the Holocaust, let alone receive an honour from the King of England.’ He added the following they have gained on TikTok is partly to ‘take a torch and pass it to others’. ‘When you listen to a Holocaust survivor, when you listen to a witness, you become a witness, and so every single person that hears our story on TiKTok, they learn the lessons of the past,’ he said. Dev said he was honoured to provide his great-grandmother with a platform, and says they receive thousands of comments from across the world every day – even from countries which have banned learning and teaching about the Holocaust. Lily celebrated her 99th birthday last month, which she marked with a family trip to the seaside – proving, in her own words, ‘the Nazis did not win’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.