Elvis star Austin Butler has revealed that he drank microwaved Haagen-Dazs ice cream to ‘pack on the pounds’ for his Oscar-nominated role, and it sounds… not great. Butler, 31, has been nominated for an Academy Award for his portrayal of the late Hound Dog hitmaker in Baz Luhrmann’s successful 2022 biopic, as well as a Bafta nomination. The American actor, who began his career on the Disney Channel, is up for an Oscar award alongside Paul Mescal, Colin Farrell, Brendan Fraser, and Bill Nighy. And after picking up a Golden Globe for his performance, the former Carrie Diaries star has now let viewers in on how he prepared for the role. ‘I heard that when Ryan Gosling was going to do The Lovely Bones, he had microwaved Haagen-Dazs and would drink it.’ Speaking to Variety, he continued: ‘I would go get two dozen doughnuts and eat them all. I really started to pack on some pounds.’ ‘I really started to pack on some pounds. It’s fun for a week, and then you feel awful about yourself,’ he admitted. Butler also confirmed that the team behind Elvis had planned to film chronologically, but were unable to do so because of Covid. Elsewhere, in an upcoming interview, Butler has paid a loving tribute to the King of Rick & Roll’s late daughter, Lisa Marie Presley, after her death earlier this year. Presley, daughter to Elvis and Priscilla, died suddenly in January aged 54 after going into cardiac arrest at her home in California. The singer-songwriter, who achieved two top 10 albums in the US and scored a Billboard 100 hit in 2005, is survived by her four children. In an upcoming interview with US news show Today, Butler said of her: ‘When I locked eyes on her, it was really a surreal thing.’ ‘I’d been playing her dad for such a long time, and doing my best to make it as true as possible – the relationship, of feeling the love for her through her father.’ He continued: ‘The film resonated for her in that way, now we’re standing in front of each other and we’re looking into each other’s eyes.’ ‘I’ve never felt closer to someone quicker than I felt with her. She was just the most incredible woman I’d ever met, and just so incredibly honest and loving.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Meet the muses behind the world’s greatest love songs from Elvis to Taylor Swift MORE : Comic Lucy Beaumont on why her first home was for her mum – complete with a gun safe and Elvis bust  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 