At least three people have been killed and five injured after a gunman opened fire at a university in Michigan. Police ordered students and staff at Michigan State University to take cover after there were reports of shots fired at around 8.30pm local time (1.30am GMT) last night. Officers rushed to Berkey Hall, an academic building on campus of the university with around 50,000 students. The alert told students and staff to ‘secure-in-place immediately’ and to monitor the university website for more information. It said: ‘Run, Hide, Fight. Run means evacuate away from danger if you can do so safely, hide means to secure-in-place, and fight means to protect yourself if no other option.’ Some students barricaded themselves inside their rooms using their beds to block doorways and to stay safe. Cops described the suspect as a short man with a jean jacket and ball cap, and it was later reported that he had apparently shot himself off campus. His motive is currently unknown, and police said he died of a ‘self-inflicted’ gun wound. It came four hours after shootings were reported, first at Berkey Hall and then nearby at the MSU Union, a popular place to eat or study. At least five victims were taken to Sparrow Hospital, some of which have life-threatening injuries, according to Chris Rozman, the University Police Department’s interim deputy police chief. Aedan Kelley, a junior who lives a half-mile east of campus, said he locked his doors and covered his windows ‘just in case’. Sirens were constant, he said, and a helicopter hovered overhead. ‘It’s all very frightening,’ Mr Kelley said. ‘And then I have all these people texting me wondering if I’m OK, which is overwhelming.’ Authorities announced late on Monday that all campus activities would be cancelled for 48 hours, including athletics and classes. Via Twitter, people were advised not to come to campus on Tuesday. Governor Gretchen Whitmer of Michigan said that she had been briefed on the situation and sent her support to staff and students. She said on Twitter: ‘Let’s wrap our arms around the Spartan community tonight..we will keep everyone updated as we learn more.’  Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.