Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has warned rival clubs to ‘be careful’ after the club were hit with over 100 charges by the Premier League in relation to alleged breaches. City were accused of breaking financial rules by the Premier League, who have issued them with 115 charges that span across a 14-year period. The club were banned from UEFA competitions in 2020 and fined £25m for breaking Financial Fair Play rules but an appeal saw the ban removed and the fine reduced to £10m. The Premier League’s allegations are far more extensive and could see City kicked out of the division in a worst-case scenario. But, speaking in a prickly press conference this afternoon, a defiant Guardiola insisted City are innocent and he doubled-down on his belief that the charges are motivated by influence from the other 19 Premier League clubs in the division. ‘They [the other 19 Premier League clubs] have set a precedent,’ said Guardiola. They have opened a precedent right now, what they have done to us. ‘Be careful, be careful in the future as there’s a lot of clubs that have been accused like we have without being innocent, who knows what will happen in the future? “They believe that we didn’t behave properly, we can accept that, but let us defend when we believe we did it properly.” “It happened with Uefa, it has happened today, and we haven’t learnt from that.” Asked whether the charges were being motivated by moves from other clubs, Guardiola replied: ‘You should go to the chairmans, the CEO’s, Daniel Levy, and ask them.’ The club are maintaining their innocence and are set to fight the charges. But Guardiola feels the club have already been ‘sentenced’ and that there should be retribution when they are found innocent. ‘We are lucky we live in a marvellous country where everyone is innocent until proven guilty,’ said Guardiola. ‘We didn’t have this opportunity, we are already sentenced. ‘What is going to happen I don’t know. Personally I am happy we are here as like Uefa we have the chance to defend (ourselves). ‘We have a good lawyer, not that Uefa had bad lawyers. And I think the Premier League, supported by 19 teams, are going to take good lawyers too to defend their position. ‘I would have loved to wait and see to find out what happens but just in case we are not innocent we will accept what the judge and the Premier League decides. ‘But if the same situation with Uefa happens and we are innocent, what happens to restore or pay back our damage?’ MORE : Manchester City star Rodri admits catching Arsenal in the title race could be ‘impossible’ MORE : Brentford goalkeeper David Raya responds to Manchester United and Chelsea transfer speculation For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 