You star Penn Badgley has voiced who he believes is culpable for TV viewers ‘falling in love’ with serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer, pointing the finger at streaming giant Netflix. Plenty of fans have applauded him for his stance, despite the actor playing a fictional killer himself regarded among the masses as a swoonworthy heartthrob. Last year, true crime series Dahmer – Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story was released on the platform, with American Horror Story star Evan Peters playing the lead role. Dahmer was a murderer and sex offender who killed 17 men and boys between 1978 and 1991, before being beaten to death in prison in 1994. The Netflix show co-created by Ryan Murphy has earned several accolades despite being shrouded in controversy, with some claiming that the show was ‘retraumatising’ for the families of the victims. During a recent interview, Gossip Girl star Penn was asked what his message would be to people who feel attracted towards serial killers, following dramatised tales about real-life figures such as Dahmer and Ted Bundy. Gesturing towards himself, he told Entertainment Tonight: ‘You need to look at that inside.’ The 36-year-old continued: ‘Now to be fair, with our show, you’re meant to fall in love with him. Ted Bundy? That’s on you! Jeffrey Dahmer? That is on Netflix. That is squarely on the shoulders of Netflix. ‘I don’t have answers at this point – I do, but they’re long. It’s weird, man.’ In You, Penn plays the lead role of Joe Goldberg, a serial killer and stalker who develops unhealthy obsessions with the objects of his affections. However, while Joe is fictional, individuals like Dahmer and Bundy were killers who devastated the lives of many in the real world. Following Penn’s remarks about Netflix being the cause of people ‘falling in love’ with Jahmer, several fans have applauded him for calling out the streaming service, despite it also being the home of You. ‘Ooh he said what he said and what about it?’ one person tweeted, while another wrote: ‘He gagged them’ ‘Man always speaking FACTS,’ someone else said, as one TikTok user added: ‘Lmaoooooo Penn shading his bosses at Netflix AS HE SHOULD for putting dahmer out there. Like Joe is MADE UP. Bundy and Dahmer aren’t.’ Some people questioned how anyone could have been attracted to Dahmer, as one said: ‘I still don’t know how people fell in love with Dahmer after the show. I watched it and was horrified.’ Another added that while they’re ‘not attracted to serial killers I’m just attracted to YOU’. You is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Penn Badgley actually asked to stop filming sex scenes for You season 4 MORE : Mother of Jeffrey Dahmer victim slams Evan Peters’ Golden Globes win: ‘This makes sick people thrive on the fame’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 