Aldi has promised to bring lower food prices to even more Londoners. The supermarket has announced it will be opening 60 new stores in the capital. And with the cost of living crisis showing no signs of easing up, it will be music to many ears. The move comes as Aldi seeks to secure more supermarket stores across London as part of a multi-million-pound expansion plan. Aldi – which was recently named the UK’s cheapest supermarket for the second year running by Which? – has pledged to almost double the number of stores within the M25, with the aim of creating around 2,400 new jobs in the area. Currently, Aldi has more than 990 stores and employs around 40,000 people, with the 1000th store set to open later this year. Aldi is also looking for property agents to help identify potential sites for stores and is offering a ‘finder’s fee of either 1.5% of a freehold price or 10% of the first year’s rent for leasehold sites for recommending a previously unknown site.’ It’s on the hunt for locations big enough for the standard 20,000 sq ft stores, which will need around 100 dedicated parking spaces. Aldi would like the site to be ‘on a prominent main road and with good visibility and access.’ In addition, the supermarket is also on the lookout for sites for their smaller ‘Aldi Local’ stores, which are around 5,000 sq ft in size. The supermarket is targeting office blocks, new housing areas, freehold town centres or edge-of-city sites that could be suitable for the intended property development. Ben Shotter, the regional managing director at Aldi, said: ‘We strongly believe that access to affordable, high-quality food is a right, not a privilege. ‘But we’re conscious that there are still many areas, particularly in the capital and within the M25, that don’t have access to an Aldi. ‘As a result, too many people have to make do with big prices at the big supermarkets. ‘We want to give more people a new Aldi store with our award-winning products at unbeatable prices. We are looking for locations across the UK, but particularly in London.’ With its middle aisle Specialbuys, low food costs, and strong customer loyalty, it’s not surprising that in a Which? consumer satisfaction survey, Aldi came out in joint second place. And luckily for Aldi lovers up and down the country, the expansion isn’t just limited to London. As part of their 2023 plans, Aldi is aiming to create more than 6,000 new roles this year, with further stores set to open in towns and cities across the UK, including Norwich and Newcastle. Giles Hurley,  the chief executive officer of Aldi UK, said: ‘Demand for Aldi has never been higher as more and more people realise they can make significant savings on every shop without compromising on quality. ‘It’s more important than ever that we are making it even easier for more people to shop with us – including by opening dozens of new stores.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Aldi is offering free wine in exchange for honest reviews MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : Tesco and Aldi latest supermarkets to limit fruit and veg to customers