Sergio Aguero has made his prediction for Barcelona’s clash against Manchester United as two of the biggest clubs in world football prepare to meet in the Europa League. Erik ten Hag’s side visit the Nou Camp on Thursday evening for the first leg of the Europa League play-off round, with the winner advancing to the knockout stages. Under Ten Hag, Manchester United have climbed to third in the Premier League – five points behind leaders Arsenal – and booked a place in the EFL Cup final. But United are set to face a Barcelona side who have stormed 11 points clear at the top of La Liga, winning 18 of their 21 league games this season. Asked for his prediction for the Europa League encounter, former Argentina striker Aguero told Stake: ‘From what they are showing in La Liga, Barcelona have managed to establish themselves as a solid team and have a very consistent game. ‘They managed to close their defence – they seem to concede very few goals – and they have dynamic players up front. ‘Manchester United have managed to get back towards the top of the Premier League and seem to have left behind the inconsistency of the recent past. ‘It’s certainly a game worth seeing but I think – and hope – that Barcelona are the team that prevails.’ Manchester United look set to be without Antony, Anthony Martial and Scott McTominay for their trip to Barcelona after the trio missed training on Wednesday morning. Lisandro Martinez and January signing Marcel Sabitzer are suspended for the first leg but Casemiro is available despite his domestic suspension. Barcelona boss Xavi has heaped praise on Manchester United and Ten Hag ahead of Thursday’s clash, telling reporters: ‘Ten Hag has changed the face of the team. ‘It’s been hard for them but they’re doing a great job. He is a great coach. Reversing the situation at United was not easy. ‘He makes variants in attack and defence, they work very well. He is an attacking coach and he shows it in almost every game. He is a reference for coaches who like this kind of football.’ Xavi also warned his team about the threat of in-form Marcus Rashford, who has scored 21 goals so far this season.  He added: ‘Rashford is one of the most dangerous forwards in Europe. ‘He’s fast, he’s one-on-one and we’ll have to watch him a lot. He’s one of the best in Europe, without a doubt. We have assessed what they are doing. ‘Rashford, [Alejandro] Garnacho, [Jadon] Sancho and [Wout] Weghorst might be a reference. The transitions are very quick.’ MORE : Xavi insists Frenkie de Jong never wanted to join Man Utd and hails Erik ten Hag MORE : Manchester United warned against move for Arsenal target Declan Rice For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 