Marcus Rashford appears to have handed Manchester United with a boost after he was pictured travelling to London ahead of the Carabao Cup final. The in-form forward sparked fears he would miss the Wembley showdown against Newcastle after he trudged off during the closing stages of Thursday’s seismic win over Barcelona in the Europa League. Rashford, who has scored 27 goals in 42 appearances for club and country this season, hinted he was worried about his fitness with a cryptic tweet which he posted in the aftermath of a famous 2-1 win at Old Trafford. Speaking about his star man’s fitness at his pre-match press conference on Friday, Erik ten Hag said: ‘I don’t know, players now are coming in, we have to do medical investigations. ‘Yesterday we did but it was so soon after the game we have to wait for a 100 per cent diagnosis. We have to wait.’  United will almost certainly be without Anthony Martial and will hope not to have to pin their hopes on January recruit Wout Weghorst, who has just one goal to his name since his January loan move. United will aiming to end a six-year wait for a trophy at the expense of Newcastle and full-back Luke Shaw is confident Ten Hag is set to bring the good times back to Old Trafford. ‘I think there’s a lot more enjoyment now back in around the place – not just on the pitch but off it,’ long-serving United left-back told the PA news agency. ‘The staff around the training ground seem much more happier and in a much better place, and I think it shows on the pitch. ‘I think we’ve still got a lot to improve on, but I think the signs right now are in a really good moment to show that we’re pushing in the right place. ‘Of course still in four competitions and in a massive final that means a lot to us. It feels like we’re in a really good path and there’s a lot of enjoyment. The sort of feel-good factor’s back here and I think that’s all we really need to focus on.’ MORE : What channel is the Carabao Cup final? Manchester United vs Newcastle kick-off time and TV MORE : Luke Shaw hits out at ‘nonsense’ criticism of Manchester United teammate Lisandro Martinez For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 