If you’ve popped to the supermarket lately, you may have noticed a distinct lack of tomatoes on shelves. Or if you do your food shopping online, you may have clocked a fair few ‘out of stock’ notes by packs of the product. Naturally, this leads to a particular question: why the tomato shortage? Here, we explain why there’s a lack of tomatoes at the moment, and why it may last for a while longer. Tomatoes are in short supply right now due to the weather in Spain and Morocco. Some 400,000 tonnes of tomatoes are imported from other countries, according to the British Tomato Growers’ Association (BTGA) – mainly the Netherlands, Spain and Morocco. Spain and Morocco are key tomato exporters for the UK during the winter months. But southern Europe and northern Africa have experienced a cold snap, heavy rainfall and even floods lately, which has impacted the ability for tomatoes to ripen and affected the harvest. Cancelled ferries in Morocco have also played a role in slowing the supply chain, reports the BBC. It might be a little while before the issue is fully resolved, too, with more adverse weather expected. One Morrisons supermarket put up a sign informing customers that ‘the current shortage is likely to improve within a couple of weeks’. The director of food at the British Retail Consortium (BRC), Andrew Opie, called the current weather conditions ‘difficult’. He said: ‘Difficult weather conditions in the south of Europe and northern Africa have disrupted harvest for some fruit and vegetables including tomatoes. ‘However, retailers are adept at managing supply chain issues and are working with farmers to ensure that customers are able to access a wide range of fresh produce.’ Back in December 2022, the National Farmers Union (NFU) warned about a UK tomato shortage. NFU president Minette Batters said: ‘I fear the country is sleepwalking into further food supply crises, with the future of British fruit and vegetable supplies in trouble.’ You might be wondering if the UK grows its own tomatoes – and it does, the BTGA says. Around 100,000 tonnes (or one fifth) of tomatoes eaten here are typically from British growers, the organisation says – despite various challenges over recent years including rising energy costs. MORE : Fruit and veg shortage could last weeks as storms hit Spain and north Africa MORE : Price of Heinz tomato soup at Tesco soars from 95p to £1.70 in just six months MORE : Farmers warn tomato and cucumber shortage is set to hit supermarkets Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below