Liz Truss – remember her? – has resurfaced after months of soul-searching to give her two cents on what went wrong. The shortest-serving prime minister in British history was ultimately outlasted by a lettuce after her £45 billion package of unfunded tax cuts panicked the markets and tanked the pound. But instead of apologising to the millions of homeowners whose mortgage rates are set to rocket in April, Ms Truss has lamented the ‘establishment’ for not giving Trussonomics a ‘realistic chance’. In a 4,000-word piece for the Telegraph, she wrote: ‘I am not claiming to be blameless in what happened, but fundamentally I was not given a realistic chance to enact my policies by a very powerful economic establishment, coupled with a lack of political support. ‘I assumed upon entering Downing Street that my mandate would be respected and accepted. How wrong I was. While I anticipated resistance to my programme from the system, I underestimated the extent of it. ‘Similarly, I underestimated the resistance inside the Conservative parliamentary party to move to a lower-tax, less-regulated economy.’ Ms Truss said her 49 days in office had been personally ‘bruising’, but she still believes her policies would have increased growth and brought down debt. She complained her chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng’s catastrophic mini-budget had been made a ‘scapegoat’, and that while, with the benefit of hindsight, she would have acted differently, she had to battle ‘instinctive views of the Treasury’ and ‘wider orthodox economic ecosystem’. She said her plan for growth – with its combination of tax cuts and deregulation to kickstart the stalled economy – had represented a conscious break with the ‘left-wards’ drift of economic thinking, which was resented by some powerful forces. ‘Frankly, we were also pushing water uphill. Large parts of the media and the wider public sphere had become unfamiliar with key arguments about tax and economic policy and over time sentiment had shifted left-wards,’ she said. She said the furore over her plan to abolish the 45p top rate of income tax – not least from within her own party – was illustrative of the difficulties she faced. ‘Even though the measure was economically sound, I underestimated the political backlash I would face, which focused almost entirely on the “optics”,’ she said. While she regretted not being able to implement her plans, she said she had learned a lot from her experience, which she will expand on in the coming months. ‘I have lost track of how many people have written to me or approached me since leaving Downing Street to say that they believe my diagnosis of the problems causing our country’s economic lethargy was correct and that they shared my enthusiasm for the solutions I was proposing,’ she said. ‘While I regret that I wasn’t able to implement my full programme, I am still optimistic for the future, with the United Kingdom now able to steer its own course as a free nation. ‘By being bold and entrepreneurial and giving people and businesses the freedom they need to succeed, I believe we can turn things around. There is hope for the future.’ In response, senior Tory MP Alicia Kearns paraphrased the late Queen after racism claims by the Duchess of Sussex, insisting: ‘The best and polite way of saying it would be that recollections do vary, however, fundamentally the markets are not left, they are not woke. Unfunded promises are not tenable. Actually, ultimately what ended Liz Truss’s premiership was inability to manage the party.’ Business secretary Grant Shapps insisted his former boss ‘clearly’ took the wrong approach, but the economy is now ‘back to where we should be’. ‘You’ve got to deal with the fundamentals first,’ he told Sky News’ Sophie Ridge. ‘You have got to reduce inflation which is the biggest tax cut anybody can have.’ Tory peer Lord Barwell, who was Theresa May’s chief of staff, was scathing about Ms Truss’s explanation for the failure of her premiership. ‘You were brought down because in a matter of weeks you lost the confidence of the financial markets, the electorate and your own MPs,’ he tweeted. ‘During a profound cost of living crisis, you thought it was a priority to cut tax for the richest people in the country.’ Labour’s shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves said: ‘The Conservatives crashed the economy, sank the pound, put pensions in peril and made working people pay the price through higher mortgages for years to come. ‘After 13 years of low growth, squeezed wages and higher taxes under the Tories, only Labour offers the leadership and ideas to fix our economy and to get it growing.’ Ex-Bank of England policymaker Prof Danny Blanchflower warned: ‘My main conclusion from this is that it is important that Truss is never allowed to hold any sort of job that has to do with economics, or thinking.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.