Sam Smith has done it! The singer has another number one under their belt, thanks to the success of their latest album, Gloria. The Latch hitmaker has said they are ‘truly overwhelmed’ after scoring their third number one album, with the record including hits such as Unholy, featuring Kim Petras. Gloria is the fourth record from the 30-year-old pop vocalist, who is due to perform at the Grammys this weekend, and features collaborations with Koffee, Jessie Reyez and Ed Sheeran. Lead single Unholy, with German trans singer Kim Petras, went to number one in September in countries including the UK, Australia and Canada. Sam, who identifies as non-binary and uses they/them pronouns, said of their victory: ‘Thank you to all my amazing sailors who have made Gloria this week’s number one album. ‘I’m truly overwhelmed and could not have done this without you. I love you all, this is for us.’ They previously said the album ‘feels like a coming of age’ and helped them ‘through some dark times.’ And it’s likely this new accolade will be warmly received, given that the star has been highly criticised this week for their latest music videos. Fans of the star flocked to defend them from disgusted trolls, who accused the I’m Not Here To Make Friends music video of being ‘degrading’ to LGBTQ+ people. With suggestive choreography and skimpy outfits, the video was a real spectacle, leaving some viewers astounded. Some said it was unnecessarily over-sexualised, while supporters have said they are a victim of double standards, due to them being queer and larger in size. However, despite all the online chatter and in true fabulous Sam Smith style, the musician has continued to defy homophobic remarks and body-shaming comments, coming out on top in the end. Sam first went to number one with their 2014 debut In The Lonely Hour and 2017’s The Thrill Of It All. Their third album, Love Goes, peaked at number two in 2020. Sunday will see them take to the stage during the Grammys in Los Angeles for a live performance, and they are also expected to bring their boundary-pushing dress sense to the red carpet. Gloria has attracted mixed reviews, with the NME giving it four stars and hailing it as ‘the most surprising, satisfying and vital work of their career’, while The Times offered only two and argued that Sam too often resorts to ‘cliché’ to tell their story. Elsewhere, on the singles chart, Miley Cyrus holds on to the number one spot for a third consecutive week with Flowers. The US pop singer outsold her closest competition, Raye’s Escapism, by more than two to one. She claimed more than 106,000 chart units this week, including 12million streams, once again making Flowers the most-streamed song in the UK. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyonce fans go into overdrive as Grammys host Trevor Noah teases ‘favourite’ female performance MORE : Amanda Holden gets stuck into Valentine’s spirit as she wows fans in sultry photoshoot wearing slinky red slip 