Janette Manrara was all smiles as she revealed a little glimpse of her blossoming baby bump in a selfie on Thursday. The Strictly Come Dancing star was sitting in the make-up chair in a snazzy leopard print dress wth a freshly-cut bob ahead of an appearance on BBC Morning Live. The 39-year-old looked gorgeous in a berry-toned lipstick too as she uploaded the photograph to Instagram with the caption: ‘Back in the swivel chair ☀️’ Her and her fellow Strictly professional dancer husband, Aljaž Škorjanec, 33, announced their baby news on Sunday on social media. ‘We’re so happy to share our special news!’ Janette wrote alongside a photo of the pair holding her stomach. The couple had learned she was pregnant in December, in a huge and welcome surprise. They had just been about to start IVF treatment after struggling to conceive for two years, before the pregnancy happened on its own. Baby Manrara-Škorjanec is due in the summer, following the pair saying they were letting ‘the universe’ decide their future family plans. Speaking of their exciting news, Janette said: ‘For the past couple of years we hadn’t been using protection but nothing was happening, so we thought IVF was the next best thing for us to do.’ She added to Hello! Magazine: ‘I know that IVF can be really strenuous on a woman’s body and there is no guarantee it will work, so to know that this little miracle just came from a wonderful night we had together is amazing. ‘I think the baby decided to make mum and dad panic a bit before saying, “ok, fine, I’m coming up now”.’ Aljaž, 33, said he was ‘beside myself’ during their 12-week scan as they had ‘mentally and physically’ prepared to go down the IVF route. ‘I have so much respect for any parent that goes through IVF, not just for what it puts them through physically but mentally too,’ he said. The dancers, who tied the knot in 2017, have been stalwarts of Strcitly for many years now, with Janette switching to a presenting role in 2021, replacing Zoe Ball in the line-up for companion show It Takes Two, and Aljaž quitting the main series last year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon hasn’t washed her hair for two weeks and new mums everywhere can relate MORE : Katherine Ryan unimpressed with James Argent, 35, dating 18-year-old Stella Turian 