A buoyant tie between Mercury and Jupiter could benefit you today. Aries may be surprised by a lucky break, and Cancer could get a push to make more money. Gemini could feel compelled to broaden their horizons, especially when it relates to travel, while Virgo may be instilled with an unshakable confidence. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 17, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 This is one of those pleasant days, when a lucky break or unexpected event can leave you upbeat and optimistic. If you’ve felt cautious about embracing an idea, you’ll be less so over the coming days. And if your friends think it can’t be done, you’ll be ready to prove them wrong. In fact, the more they challenge you and insist you’re being unrealistic, the more you’ll relish being right. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Ready to make a decision, but don’t know what to do? Before you make your choice, it’s a good idea to think about what’s important to you and what leaves you fulfilled and happy. And even more so if this is related to a job or career move. If there’s something you’re doing that you just know you’re cut out for, go with it, even if others don’t approve. After all, it’s not their life. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may be ready to have words with someone whose views you don’t support, but they likely won’t budge, so it could be pointless. Your best bet is to switch your attention to plans that can broaden your horizon, and that leave you excited about life. If travel is involved so much the better, Gemini. Pull out all the stops today to focus on opportunities rather than negatives. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 This isn’t a good time to take risks with finances or possessions, but to make the most of what you have. Still, a buoyant Mercury/Jupiter tie could give you a push to make more money. This might involve taking on extra responsibilities at work, looking into a promotion or thinking about a side-hustle based on an untapped talent. It’s time to implement positive change. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Don’t want to encourage a relationship further? You may be keeping a distance from this person, if so. This is not the case with someone else, who you could probably chat with all day long. An uplifting link suggests that the more you get together, the more you’ll enjoy each other’s company, and this doesn’t look set to change anytime soon. You could make a great team. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The Capricorn Moon along with a sobering tie, could coincide with what others may like to call constructive criticism. Still, it’s possible that there is a touch of jealousy involved, and this is their way of showing it. A more expansive aspect puts you in touch with an unshakeable inner confidence and strength. No matter what people say, you know that you’re on the right track. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Lunar ties to Neptune and Uranus, suggest that some of your ideas may be off-the-wall, which you’ll be excited about, but could make others nervous. This theme repeats itself, and you’ll be ready to take a leap of faith that might leave friends or family worried. And yet it’s possible you’ve never felt so alive, and so ready to explore options and ideas that could be your making. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Feel you need to prove yourself? The lingering Sun/Saturn tie, suggests you’ll jump through hoops or bend yourself into a pretzel if it will encourage others to see you in a good light. You don’t need to go this far, Scorpio. You may be experiencing a lack of confidence when there really is no need. Don’t look to your failures, but think of all your victories and successes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The Mercury/Jupiter merger encourages you to find something positive to put your energy into, Archer. If you’ve felt let down, today’s line-up encourages you to take it in your stride. There’s a good chance that an event will occur that puts you in a much better frame of mind. The more you look into it, the happier you’ll feel, as it may coincide with something you’ve wanted for a while. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The thing you’ve worried about might not come to pass Capricorn, which is why it may be a wasted emotion. A positive aspect involving dealmaker Mercury in your financial zone, could coincide with good news that leaves you assured around money, material goods or property issues. Want to be more proactive? Follow your intuition, as it could be a game-changer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Does the effort you need to make seem beyond you, Aquarius? The lingering Sun/Saturn link may have sapped your energy, but today’s upbeat aspect can find you entertaining a more optimistic mood. A chat with someone could chase away those cobwebs, and leave you quite animated and ready for anything. Something they say may put you in the mood to celebrate. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You could reach a point where you’re ready to give in and let fate take its course. The moment you stop turning this matter over and over in your mind, the sooner you could see an improvement. This is often known as getting out of your own way. You’ll make room for things to come together naturally. And the way it all works out could be so much better than you hoped. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 12 to February 18 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Venus in Pisces urges you to be wise in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope