Stacey Solomon has revealed her newborn daughter’s name and it’s a heart-melter. Not only is the moniker simply beautiful, but it also has a sweet connection to Stacey and her husband Joe Swash’s older daughter, Rose. Stacey shared the little girl’s name with the world on Monday, revealing they’d settled on ‘Belle’. Sharing a photo of her newborn, the Loose Women star wrote: ‘Belle. Our little Belle. Our beautiful, delicate baby girl. Who will forever remind us of the bluebells that are about to bloom as you bring the spring with you into the world.’ The doting mum added: ‘And a little special connection to your Rose. To the moon and back Belle. Forever and always.’ The former X Factor star, 32, and her 40-year-old husband announced the adorable news on Saturday night that they had welcomed their third child together. Their brood has grown nicely over the years, as Stacey is now a mother to five, including Zachary, 14, and Leighton, 10, from previous relationships. She and former EastEnders actor Joe then have three-year-old Rex, one-year-old Rose, and, of course, their new arrival. Joe also has a 15-year-old son called Harry, whom he shares with former partner Emma Sophocleous. As for their latest bundle of joy, the couple’s daughter was born at their beloved Pickle Cottage, just like Stacey had a home birth with first girl Rose. When announcing their sweet arrival, doting mum Stacey shared the most beautiful set of photos. One captured their baby girl sleeping and wrapped in a blanket, while both her parents and all her siblings placed a hand on her. Others showed Stacey and Joe cuddling their newborn, looking totally besotted. Stacey announced in her caption: ‘She’s Here. Our beautiful, daughter born at home with all of your brothers and sister ready to snuggle you forever and ever. ‘You literally flew into our world 😂… And none of us can quite believe your thick dark head of hair that we just can’t get over. We can’t believe your here. ‘Welcome to the world beautiful girl, thank you for the last few months in my tummy, we can’t wait to love you forever and ever we are so grateful we get to be your family.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Get ready for an S Club Party! All 7 band members returning for long-awaited UK and Ireland arena tour to celebrate 25th anniversary MORE : Who is in Better, BBC’s new Sunday night drama and what is the show about? 