Michael B Jordan wasn’t best pleased when he came face-to-face on the red carpet with a blast from his school days past. Morning Hustle host Lore’l managed to stop the 36-year-old on the red carpet at a Creed III premiere, a film which the actor is starring in alongside Jonathan Majors, having acted in the franchise for eight years. Having revealed during an episode of her podcast, Undressing Room, that she knew the acting megastar from school, Lore’l thought that it would be a good idea to address the elephant in the room on the red carpet, because why not. Except on the episode – which Michael has clearly since got wind of – the podcaster didn’t just reveal the Black Panther actor was an old acquaintance of hers, but she recalled how her and her friends would make fun of his name ‘because he was no Michael Jordan’. Ouch. In the episode, while chatting about Michael’s cute Valentine’s Day gift to his ex Lori Harvey, Lore’l said that she wasn’t surprised at its extravagance because the star was ‘a nice, corny guy’. The actor rented out an entire aquarium for the special day in 2021, because, y’know, he can. She continued: ‘You know what’s so crazy? I went to school with Michael B Jordan at a point in life. ‘… And to be honest with you, we teased him all the damn time because his name was Michael Jordan. Let’s start there, and he was no Michael Jordan. ‘And he also would come to school with a headshot. We lived in Newark, that’s the hood. We would make fun of him like, “What you gonna do with your stupid headshot!?” And now look at him!’ Look at him – and specifically his perplexed face – indeed, as the broadcaster stopped her old contemporary and said: ‘We go way back, all the way back to Chad Science [Academy] in Newark’. ‘Oh yeah, I was the corny kid, right?’ Jordan responded, nodding to comments made on the podcast – awkward. Lore’l tried to laugh the situation off and playfully said she was ‘misquoted’. But with a slight smile, Michael begged to differ as he insisted, ‘I heard it.’ ‘I said we used to make fun of the name,’ she added, before a swift change of topic: ‘But yeah, he is obviously killing things out here.’ She continued: ‘Well, you’re not corny anymore.’ Nice save… Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michael B. Jordan reveals why he invested in AFC Bournemouth in ‘crazy and amazing’ takeover MORE : Hollywood legend Sir Michael Caine and glam wife Shakira spotted leaving restaurant with, er, Liz Truss  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 