Olympic tennis champion Monica Puig is certain British No.1 Emma Raducanu will win more Grand Slam titles and it’s ‘only a matter of time’. Raducanu remarkably won the 2021 US Open as an 18-year-old to become the first player in the Open Era to win a major title as a qualifier as she also registered Britain’s first Grand Slam women’s singles trophy since 1977 in a fairy-tale victory. Her triumph at Flushing Meadows propelled Raducanu into fame and saw her sign lucrative sponsorship deals – but she has struggled to replicate any form of success on the court since that incredible win – hampered by form and injuries. Raducanu, 20, has not advanced to the third round at a Grand Slam since, crashing out of the Australian Open, Roland Garros and Wimbledon in the second round in 2022 while her US Open title defence ended with a painful first-round defeat. She has also failed to deliver a single WTA Tour title since, at any level. Raducanu has chopped and changed her coaches in the last two years but has settled on Sebastian Sachs and has made visible improvements in the early stages of 2023, producing a strong performance against highly rated world No.6 Coco Gauff at the Australian Open as she narrowly lost in the second round again. Puig, who won Olympic gold at Rio 2016, is backing Raducanu to return to the top of her game and register more Grand Slam trophies as she told Sky Sports: ‘Absolutely [she can win more major titles]. She’s still young. ‘It’s a matter of time. We’re always seeing generational changes with so players like myself and Serena Williams having now stepped away. The new generation that’s going to come and carry the torch for the future generation. ‘Yes, she is going to be in that circle of names that are going to be a force to be reckoned with. She just needs to settle, find her ground and take the pressure and expectation off because she already did something that not many people can do. ‘Remember the reason why you started playing tennis in the first place. It’s because of the love of the sport.’ Raducanu earned a spot inside the world top 10 in 2022 but has fallen down the WTA rankings to world No.80 and Puig has urged her to find a ‘balance’ between sponsorship deals and making further improvements on the tennis court. ‘Those endorsement deals come with obligations and if you don’t meet those obligations the brand is not getting what they need out of you,’ Puig added. ‘The brand does need you to perform on court so you’re exposed, you’re out there, you’re promoting their things. ‘You can make more money off the court than on it, but on the court it’s important to focus and dedicate all your time to your craft because that’s what got you there. At the end of the day, wins equal dollar signs and new contracts. ‘That’s what I ended up seeing in my own career, so I’m speaking more from experience. It’s a fine balance because I’m not saying don’t do it altogether because honestly, it’s impossible at this point. ‘She needs to do these obligations contractually but focus on the tennis and the work and then do that. It’s about putting your life in order, having a schedule, sticking to that schedule and then finding time for other things.’ Raducanu’s next chance to win a second Grand Slam title will come at the French Open, which gets started at the end of May. MORE : Subtle change can take Emma Raducanu back to the top MORE : Tim Henman reveals one key thing Emma Raducanu must do to win her second major title 