Maya Jama reportedly enjoyed partying with none other than Leonardo DiCaprio this weekend. The Love Island host is said to have hit the town ‘two nights running’ with Leo and boogied the night away with the Titanic star at London’s Chiltern Firehouse. The Oscar-winner is thought to have flown into the capital for Baftas weekend and joined a slew of A-listers at afterparties following Sunday’s ceremony. Reports suggest Leonardo, 48, joined the likes of 28-year-old Maya, Joe Sugg and Dianne Buswell at Chiltern Firehouse on Saturday, where he stayed with pals until 3.30am. Maya is then said to have joined Leonardo at a second bash on Sunday night. A source told The Sun: ‘[Maya] had a really late night on Saturday with Leo and his mates at the Firehouse for his pre-Bafta party. ‘Leo flew into London for the Bafta events and was out at Annabel’s, where he saw Maya again. ‘They were two of the last people left standing at the late-night event. They really know how to party.’ News of Leonardo and Maya’s night out follows reports that the former is keen to ditch his ‘ridiculous dating image’ after being wrongly linked to 19-year-old model Eden Polani. The Oscar-winner has made headlines over his dating history, following his high-profile split from Camila Morrone shortly after her 25th birthday. The internet went into meltdown over their break-up, amid suggestions that he has a rule of not dating anyone over the age of 25. ‘He wants to ditch this image once and for all and he is really bothered that this continues to follow him,’ sources shared this month. ‘Leo wants something like he had with Camila, something real,’ they added to DailyMail.com. The Wolf of Wall Street star has always made sure to keep his private life firmly behind closed doors, and is rarely spotted in public with his partners. Meanwhile, Maya split from her ex-fiancé Ben Simmons in August. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Maya and Leonardo’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders star Jessie Wallace, 51, confirms engagement to carpenter boyfriend Justin Gallwey MORE : Britney Spears seen on rare outing as she visits her ‘favourite tree’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 