Jo O’Meara reflected on her time touring with S Club 7 and revealed the startling moment she found a fan sitting on the end of her hotel bed. The singer, 43, opened up about the early days of her career with the chart-topping band ahead of their 25th anniversary reunion tour beginning in October of this year. Sat alongside bandmates Rachel Stevens, Tina Barrett, Jon Lee, Hannah Spearritt, Bradley McIntosh and Paul Cattermole, the famous face spilled tour secrets on Tuesday morning. All seven members turned up to elaborate on their exciting reunion announcement and laughed and joked with each other as they reminisced over their heydays in The Soho Hotel. ‘I have actually walked into a hotel room before and found one [a fan] sitting on the bed,’ Jo offered in response to a question about crazy fan encounters. She continued: ‘I asked them, “how did you get in” and they said, “we just made out we were your cousin”.’ The popstar went on to reveal they had to come up with pseudonyms after fans began to figure out where they were staying while on tour. Jo revealed: ‘We used to have to come up with these names and everyone got really cool ones and I called myself Dave.’ The band soared to fame in the late 90s with number-one singles, global shows and TV series galore. Spending five years together, they released iconic hits such as Don’t Stop Movin’, Bring It All Back and Reach – all contributing to a whopping album sales number of 10million. After a long hiatus, the group delighted fans with the news of an 11-date reunion tour that will be visiting the likes of London’s O2, Dublin and Manchester. Tina Barrett, 46, admitted the prospect of a tour including all seven members was shocking to her. She said: ‘Well it was quite a surprise to me because it’s so hard to get all seven in the same room and obviously everyone’s leading their own lives but I really wanted it to happen and then some of us started talking about it and then Simon was like actually… it’s the 25th reunion so let’s do it. ‘It’s really exciting and we can’t wait. We’re like little excited little bunny rabbits – we really are!’ Pre-sale for tickets opens Wednesday Feb 15, 10am GMT while general sale begins Friday Feb 17, 10am GMT. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : S Club 7 reunion: Tour dates, locations and how to get tickets MORE : S Club 7 livid that Gen Z get lyrics to classic tune Reach wrong on TikTok 