Manchester United produced a pulsating European performance in a thrilling 2-2 draw with Barcelona at Camp Nou in the first leg of their Europa League knockout round play-off. Erik ten Hag’s fearless and adventurous side were unfortunate to go behind in the contest but rallied immediately as quick-fire goals appeared to have set up a famous win, only to be denied late on before surviving something of an onslaught. A United team that featured two former Real Madrid stars – Casemiro and Raphael Varane, both of whom were booed throughout – set up very aggressively and frequently breached a Barca defence that has been impenetrable in La Liga. Marc-Andre ter Stegen has been in imperious form this season, conceding just seven times in 21 league matches, and he had to produce a number of good stops in the first half – notably denying Wout Weghorst when the Dutchman was put through one-v-one. Barca had enjoyed dangerous spells in the match even if the best chance had fallen to United and shortly after the restart they took the lead from a somewhat unexpected scorer. Former Chelsea left-back Marcos Alonso, who had been selected at centre-back to mixed success, arrived unmarked at the back post from a corner and headed the ball past David de Gea. United responded just two minutes later, however, and it was – inevitably – the brilliant Marcus Rashford who bagged his 14th goal in his last 16 appearances. Fred had failed to pick up Alonso on the corner but he made amends with a perfectly weighted through-ball for Rashford, who fired a ferocious finish past Ter Stegen from an impossibly acute angle at his near post. United were now getting more and more chances on the break and flipped the scoreline on its head from a set-piece of their own. A short corner allowed Rashford to weave along the byline before a teasing cross into the box was rather unfortunately bundled into his own net by Jules Kounde. Barcelona’s backline were now finding it impossible to handle the pace and sniping runs of Rashford and he appeared to be shoved over inside the box by Kounde, though the referee waved play on. Xavi made a number of attacking changes to try and force an equaliser though David de Gea was largely untroubled until a 76th-minute cross swung in by Raphinha evaded everybody and snuck in at the far post. Both sides continued to carve out chances in a thrilling contest, with Rashford blazing over from a similar position to that which he had scored from earlier, while Raphinha very nearly headed the ball over a stranded De Gea. As the seconds ticked away, Barcelona started to lay siege to United’s penalty box and the hosts had an effort cleared off the line before De Gea produced a massive save to ensure the Red Devils bring a slight advantage back to Old Trafford next week. MORE : Lionel Messi’s dad rates chances of Barcelona return after snubbing new PSG deal MORE : Erik ten Hag responds to criticism of Wout Weghorst’s performances for Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 