A cat has been left stressed and terrified after being dumped in a sealed bag in a park. Poor Dougie, a grey and white tabby, was heard crying in Dane Park Nature Reserve, in Hull, East Yorkshire, by a dog walker in the early morning last month. The noise alerted her to the bag and she rushed the poor boy to the RSPCA. He’s now in the care of staff at the Doncaster, Rotherham and District animal centre branch in Bawtry, South Yorkshire. A spokesperson for the animal charity said: ‘A young cat was rescued by a caring member of the public who heard distressed cries coming from inside a zipped-up laundry bag abandoned at a park in Hull. ‘The woman was out on an early morning walk with her dog at Dane Park Nature Reserve last on 26 January when she noticed the bag moving and went to investigate. ‘To her shock, she found a frightened male grey and white tabby cat inside, desperately pacing from side to side in a bid to get out. ‘Concerned for his welfare, she picked the bag up and took the cat in her car to the charity’s animal centre.’ The cat, who’s estimated to be around three years old, has been left stressed and nervous after his abandonment ordeal. ‘But,’ the spokesperson said, ‘he’s making progress and staff are confident that given time, Dougie will come round before they find him a loving new home. ‘The RSPCA believes the cost of living crisis is having an impact on the number of abandoned and neglected animals being seen by its officers.’ Now, the charity is urging anyone who may have seen anything related to Dougie’s mistreatment to come forward. RSPCA animal rescue officer Gary Cotton said: ‘We think this lovely, friendly chap was probably deliberately abandoned in the park. ‘And had it not been for his meowing, and the kind actions of the lady who stopped, we might be looking at a different outcome. ‘It must have been a very frightening and bewildering experience for him, and it’s just very sad to see a cat – who was presumably once a much-loved pet – being left in circumstances like this. ‘With the increase in pet ownership and the cost of living crisis putting a strain on people’s finances, we’re seeing an increase in rescued animals coming into our care at a time when rehoming has slowed. ‘A misunderstanding about the true cost of pet ownership is one of the main reasons why we believe that animals end up being abandoned and anyone considering taking on a pet is urged to do their research first and to consider rescuing instead of buying. ‘We’d also urge anyone who is struggling to look after their animals – at what is a very difficult economic time for many people – to seek advice and support.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Kitten goes on 250-mile journey halfway across the country under lorry bonnet MORE : Dog abandoned with newborn puppies on Christmas Eve in search for loving home MORE : Animal sanctuary founder and her dog could be made homeless after being forced to shut