Florence Pugh ditched a romantic plus one and opted instead to treat her brother Toby Sebastian to a night at the London Critics’ Circle Awards on Sunday. The 27-year-old Don’t Worry Darling actress arrived at the event in London’s Mayfair Hotel arm in arm with fellow actor and sibling Toby, 30. A lady in red, Florence stunned in a silky peplum number that featured a matching top hat with a long netted train. The blonde beauty’s brother – who is known for playing Trystane Martell in the HBO series, Game of Thrones – looked dapper in a navy three-piece suit and white shirt. Joined by a host of other industry idols, the sibling duo spent the evening rubbing shoulders with Oscar nominees Cate Blanchett, Michelle Yeoh, Ke Huy Quan, Paul Mescal, and Bill Nighy. Florence won big on the night as she was awarded British/Irish actress of the year for her parts in films Don’t Worry Darling, The Wonder and Puss In Boots: The Last Wish – both of which were released in cinemas last year. Also awarded for her outstanding body of work, Tár star Cate, 53, was named actress of the year during the city’s star-studded event. For the acting veteran, Sunday wasn’t her first time on the receiving end of a gong as she has been offered the accolade twice before – for Elizabeth in 1998 and Blue Jasmine in 2013. On the night, Cate cut an elegant figure in a black blazer that was accented by quirky blue puffed sleeves and donned a pair of matching trousers to complete the look. She sported black heels that accentuated her tall frame and styled her blonde locks into a cropped up-do. Normal People’s Paul Mescal was also in attendance and put on his best suit for the glitzy affair. Opting for a crisp white shirt, black suit and matching tie, the Aftersun actor was nominated for his role in the emotional film and was joined by co-star Frankie Corio and producer Amy Jackson. Frankie won the young British/Irish performer gong for her role as Sophie Paterson in the critically acclaimed flick, while writer-director Charlotte Wells took home the Philip French award for breakthrough British/Irish filmmaker. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Florence Pugh reveals vile trolls told her she ‘deserved to get raped’ for showing her nipples in a dress MORE : Florence Pugh, 27, on backlash to her relationship with Zach Braff, 47: ‘People imagined me with someone younger and in blockbuster films’ 