Love Island’s Olivia Attwood admitted she felt having children at weddings was out of the question ahead of her marriage ceremony to Bradley Dack. The 31-year-old reality star shared her feelings about age limits when it came to guest lists and made it clear tiny tots would be banned from her big day. Comparing the noises of children to the dinosaurs’ calls in Jurrasic Park, the famous face hilariously denounced the idea of having mini plus ones for grandiose celebrations such as weddings. Olivia is due to tie the knot with her footballer beau, 29, this summer after being engaged for over three years. She entered into a passionate rant on the subject of babies during a chat with former Made in Chelsea star Jamie Laing on his Private Parts podcast. The model and influencer began: ‘Kids at a wedding for me is absolutely unacceptable.’ Jamie, 34, who is also planning to wed his fiancée Sophie Habboo this year quipped back: ‘I agree!’ ‘Unacceptable,’ the blonde beauty went on, emphasising: ‘Even if I had my own children, I wouldn’t invite them. ‘I haven’t got a baby yet, so I don’t know that love that they talk about, but when I see the bride with like, this little thing hanging off her dress, its little grubby hands, I’m like “what the f***?” ‘You’re wearing a Vera Wang silk dress, you put your little grubby, chicken-finger hands all over it…no way. ‘Can you imagine when you’re doing the vows and you hear like “Aahhhhh!” Jurassic Park. I’d be like “shut the f*** up.”’ Many fans weighed in on Olivia’s opinion with some virtually nodding in agreement, alongside the podcast’s host. One penned: ‘I don’t want to take my kids to a wedding either… definitely not the place for kids.’ Another wrote: ‘Agree. I didn’t want kids at mine. Someone brought theirs uninvited. They screamed throughout the ceremony. The mum wouldn’t leave the church either.’ However, some didn’t share the sentiment and typed: ‘I’m the opposite, weddings..kids sliding across the dance floor stuffing sausage rolls falling asleep on 2 chairs pushed together..I love kids [sic].’ Having said yes during a holiday to Dubai in 2019, Olivia revealed she will walk down the aisle in June 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Olivia Attwood ‘set to return to I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here’ following  ‘heartbreaking’ exit MORE : Jamie Laing reveals why he quit Made in Chelsea after it became ‘unsustainable’ 