Emily Ratajkowski and her new boyfriend Eric Andre appeared to make their relationship Instagram official with an X-rated snap. The 31-year-old supermodel and 39-year-old funnyman were first spotted together in early Jan and have been pretty inseparable ever since, however, the duo were yet to confirm their relationship status. But Eric seemed to address his rumoured romance with the Gone Girl actress on social media. To celebrate the annual day of love, the comedian posted a picture of himself in the nude with a heart with arrow emoji carefully placed over his manhood. It was also evident that the pair enjoyed a bottle of wine, while clothes were scattered on the rug. In the corner, Emily is seen posing in the mirror selfie in the buff with the caption simply reading: ‘Happy Valentine’s Day.’ Emily has been taking us along for the ride as she got back into dating following her split from husband Sebastian Bear-McClard in September last year. The model and author, who was recently linked to Pete Davidson, believes some guys ‘truly think they want’ an independent partner but ultimately don’t enjoy feeling ’emasculated’ and the relationship then goes downhill. Speaking to guest Olivia Ponton on her High Low with EmRata podcast this week, activist Emily said: ‘They’re like, “You’re special. You’ve done it.” ‘They love it, then [they] slowly get emasculated, and they don’t know what to do with those feelings, and they resent you, and then they start to tear you down. And then you’re just back to square one.’ The 31-year-old – who has 21-month-old son Sylvester with her estranged husband – branded the situation ‘f***** up and unfair’ and can ‘understand dating women’ instead after previously saying she was hoping to meet her ‘lady crush’. She went on: ‘I feel like a lot of men who truly think they want a strong woman actually don’t know how to handle it and they don’t know what it means for their own identity.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emily Ratajkowski pokes fun at Instagram’s new rules and ‘frees the nip’ in barely there bodysuit MORE : Tristan Thompson faces backlash after sharing cute photo of daughter he shares with Khloe Kardashian  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 