Meghan Markle is reportedly ‘overwhelmed’ after South Park took aim at the Duchess of Sussex and her husband Prince Harry in a recent episode. The American animated comedy’s latest installmment, titled The Worldwide Privacy Tour, aired on February 15, and made several jibes at the former working royals. ‘The prince of Canada and his wife try to find privacy and seclusion in a small mountain town,’ the episode description reads. In a preview for the episode, Kyle said: ‘It seriously is driving me crazy. I’m sick of hearing about them but I can’t get away from them!’ One of the characters also dressed in an outfit similar to the Suits star, 41, and is described as a ‘sorority girl, actress, influencer, victim’ by another character. A royal source told The Spectator that their portrayal on the series has ‘upset and overwhelmed’ Meghan over the last few days. They also added that she is ‘annoyed by South Park but refuses to watch it all.’ Media correspondent Neil Sean told Fox News: ‘According to sources close to the ex-royals, it appears that, like so many things with Meghan and Harry, this may have legal ramifications attached. ‘Their legal team are casting an eye over the episode to see what is wrong, and what could be turned into something more sinister.’ American journalist Megyn Kelly recently weighed in on the controversy and insisted that all hopes of a comeback for the married couple have been ‘dashed’. ‘I feel this is a pronouncement that they have jumped the shark, they are not beloved and her hopes of running for president, reported hopes, are all but dashed,’ she said. After rumours swirled that Markle was potentially running for US presidency, Kelly quipped: ‘That’s not happening.’ ‘When South Park turns on you, there’s no recovering,’ she added. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Comedy Central for comment. South Park is available to stream on Paramount Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicola Peltz appears to discuss Harry and Meghan ahead of wedding guest list planning MORE : Megyn Kelly convinced Prince Harry and Meghan Markle won’t ‘recover’ from South Park diss  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.