Niall Horan has announced his third solo album and absolutely no one is calm about it. After teasing fans for far too long, the Slow Hands hitmaker, 29, has finally confirmed the release date for his next record, which is titled The Show. Ahead of the release of lead single Heaven – which drops on February 17 – the One Direction star delighted fans with an extra treat. ‘I couldn’t possibly be more happy to tell you that my new album The Show will be released on June 9th,’ Niall wrote in his announcement. The 10-track album is now available to pre-order in various formats and with new merchandise, meaning you can be fully kitted out for the first listen. ‘This album is a piece of work I’m so proud of and now it’s time to pass it over to you to go and make it your own,’ the Irish songwriter added. Alluding to having plenty more exciting things up his sleeve, the This Town singer wrote to his fans: ‘Thank you so much for being there for me all this time and I can’t wait to share the next couple of years of this new era with you. ‘I’ve missed you all so much. It’s good to be back. Welcome to The Show’. Niall shared the album artwork as well, which has a real retro feel to it with its red and yellow font. As for the image, the singer is photographed from a window, gazing up at the sky, deep in thought, suggesting some fine lyricism is coming our way, people. Naturally, everyone has been losing their minds over the news, with countless fans already declaring it ‘album of the year’, without so much as a track list. One fan tweeted their favourite star: ‘2023 is gonna be your year Niall!! We’ve missed you even more & we are SO ready for ‘The Show’!! Welcome back babyyy!’ ‘I can’t wait to hear it love ! I’m sure the wait will be worth it’, another wrote sweetly. ‘Sooo happy and proud of you babes and welcome baccck!! So excited for this new era’, another echoed. Of course, with a new album comes rumours of a tour, which Niall fans (named Lovers by the man himself) will be buzzing for after his previous shows were cancelled due to the pandemic. In fact, according to Niall’s official website, a tour announcement could happen anytime, as those who pre-order The Show before March 31 will receive access to yet-to-be-announced UK and Ireland shows. Oh, it’s all just so exciting! Niall’s last album was Heartbreak Weather, released in March 2020 and featuring singles such as Nice to Meet Ya, Put a Little Love on Me, and No Judgement. The album debuted at number four in the US, and toped the charts in the UK. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna and boyfriend A$AP Rocky debut baby boy in iconic British Vogue photoshoot days after announcing pregnancy with Super Bowl performance MORE : Regé-Jean Page gives update on James Bond rumours and it’s pretty blunt: ‘I’ve got enough on my plate’  