Madonna has shared some fond memories of her star-studded Grammys weekend, in which she even enjoyed a bit of tongue action with French rapper Jozzy. The star created a video montage of various off-camera moments from the 65th Grammys Awards foolin’ around with various music legends, including Sam Smith and Cardi B. The 64-year-old played Unholy by Sam and Kim Petras as the soundtrack to the video, after the pair won the best pop duo/group award at the ceremony on Sunday night. In the video, Madonna is shown hanging out with various people backstage, laden with glitzy silver jewellery and sporting her now-staple plaited hair do, as she donned a black oversized jacket. Sam and Madonna look to be having a hilarious time, and she seemed to make them laugh by mimicking a, ahem, sexual act. But that was just the, er, tip of the iceberg as the video went on to show Madonna and French rapper Jozzy, 32, lock lips – I mean tongues. The pair looked cosy before they shared what was a pretty graphic tongue kiss, and if that wasn’t enough excitement, Jozzy then commented on the video with two rose emoji. Madonna posted the footage alongside a lengthy caption looking back at her Grammys weekend, in which she introduced Sam and Kim as they performed Unholy to the glamorous crowd. She said: ‘It was an honour for me to Introduce. Kim Petras and Sam Smith at the Grammys. ‘I wanted to give the last award which was Album of the year, but I thought it was more important that I present the first trans- woman performing at the Grammys— a History making moment!! And on top of that she won a Grammy!! ♥️’ [sic] Fans are still wondering whether Madonna recently came out as gay after a playful TikTok video from October showed her partaking in the ‘knickers in bin’ challenge, where if throw your pants towards a bin and miss, well, you’re apparently queer – and let’s just say the star didn’t try very hard. Continuing her lengthy caption, Madonna also kicked back at those who focused more on her appearance than they did her fierce speech – in which she applauded all the ‘troublemakers’ out there ‘forging a new path and taking the heat for all of it’. This came after Sam and Kim faced a backlash from some people who were concerned their new music video for Unholy was overtly sexual. Controversial media personality Piers Morgan was one of those to criticise Madonna’s appearance, as he posted a picture of the Like A Virgin hitmaker at the Grammys and asked: ‘I thought Halloween was in October?’ This came amid a huge Twitter explosion of people saying Madonna’s plastic surgery was starting to become ‘problematic’. ‘Once again I am caught in the glare of ageism and misogyny That permeates the world we live in,’ the Holiday singer wrote. She continued: ‘A world that refuses to celebrate women past the age of 45 And feels the need to punish her If she continues to be strong willed, hard-working and adventurous. ‘I have never apologized for any of the creative choices I have made nor the way that I look or dress and I’m not going to start. ‘I have been degraded by the media since the beginning of my career but I understand that this is all a test and I am happy to do the trailblazing so that all the women behind me can have an easier time in the years to come. ‘In the words of Beyonce “You-won’t break my soul”. ‘I look forward to many more years of subversive behavior -pushing boundaries-Standing up to the patriarchy -and Most of all enjoying my life.’ [sic] In the words of the Queen of Pop herself: ‘Bow down bi*****’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna blasts ‘ageism and misogyny’ after facing cruel jibes about appearance at Grammys MORE : Madonna makes surprise appearance at Grammys and praises ‘troublesome, provocative’ artists amid mega comeback 