A petition to save Autumnwatch has nearly hit 100,000 signatures, after the seasonal programme was cancelled by the BBC. More money will instead be invested into its sister programmes, Springwatch and Winterwatch, although the latter will be back next year for only one week, reduced from two. A statement from the broadcaster last week read: ‘These are challenging times financially and we need to make difficult decisions and focus our resources on content that has the highest impact. ‘Sadly, this means that Autumnwatch will not be continuing. Instead, we are investing more money into Springwatch and Winterwatch, as they are most popular with audiences. ‘We are incredibly proud of the Watches and would like to thank the presenters and production team who will continue on Springwatch when it returns in May for three weeks, and Winterwatch when it returns next year for one week, reduced from two weeks.’ But now, viewers are fighting to save the beloved show, with a Change.org petition having reached 92,492 signatures at the time of writing. Marion Veal, who started the petition, said: ‘Thousands of UK TV licence payers enjoy the “Watches”, Springwatch, Autumwatch and Winterwatch. ‘It’s what we pay our licence fee for. It is an example of what the BBC does best. ‘In an age when the natural world faces its greatest threat, when British species are on the Red List and threatened with extinction, when we are recognising the value of the natural world for our mental health it is beyond belief to learn that Autumnwatch has been cancelled.’ The popular wildlife series followed changes in nature in autumn, tracking animals and plants in real time, with live streams available online for viewers get a closer look at nature. The camera teams, joined by presenters including the likes of Chris Packham, Michaela Strachan and Gillian Burke, spread themselves throughout the UK, recording never-before-filmed animal behaviour and sharing incredible wildlife stories. Commenting on the petition, fan Beverley Cattermole said: ‘It would be a backward step to cancel Autumnwatch and makes no sense: it’s an integral part of the 3 “Watches”.’ Lynsey Nash added: ‘This program is just as good as Spring and Winter watch,’ while viewer Charlotte Mellors highlighted the show’s benefit to viewers, saying: ‘I think it is underestimated how much shows like this help thousands of people with their mental health. The world is a scary, sad and sometimes frankly depressing place & shows like this bring some light in the darkness, as well as educating the public and connecting them with wildlife and nature.’ Springwatch first aired in 2005, with a then one-off special Autumnwatch following, before it became a full series in 2006. Winterwatch then began in 2012. Tim Bonner, chief executive of the Countryside Alliance, said the end of Autumnwatch offered an opportunity for the BBC to ‘rebalance its wildlife programming’. He added: ‘The BBC covers many rural issues well and produces lots of good countryside content, but there have been concerns about Autumnwatch’s unrealistic and anthropomorphic approach for many years. ‘It won’t be missed in the countryside.’ The petition can be found at: https://www.change.org/p/save-autumnwatch Autumnwatch is available on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC cancels popular wildlife show Autumnwatch after 17 years MORE : Jeremy Clarkson snipes at Michaela Strachan for flying from South Africa to UK for BBC’s Autumnwatch 