Vannessa Cross has proved that there is nothing she can’t set her mind to, and she’s done it in style. The 44-year-old came to fame on TLC’s 1000Lb Best Friends, alongside Ashley Sutton, Tina Arnold and Meghan Crumpler. The upcoming episode follows the stars as they let loose after making progress at a wellness retreat, and decide to treat themselves to a well-deserved night out. Ashley and Vannessa hit the town in the hopes of finding “the one”, but instead, the latter finds herself eyeing up a mechanical bull, and uses her new-found confidence to tackle it head on. In an exclusive first look, she can be seen striding up to the bull, before jumping on top of it as Ashley watches on from the audience. ‘I’m looking at the bull like, “Oh my God!” I’m going to get my big ass on a bull or we’re going to fall and it’s going to be a bunch of bulls**t,’ she tells the camera. After joking that she ‘hasn’t seen that much action in a while’, the TLC favorite reflects on the heartwarming reaction of those around her. ‘I’m looking down at everybody and, instead of getting snickers and people looking, and “Oh, my God, look at that fat…” they were all going, “Oh, my God, look at you! Come on girl,”’ she continued. ‘No one judged me, no one put me down, they made me feel amazing. I felt like a normal person for a moment. ‘Since having surgery, I have lost so much weight. It’s given me so much confidence, it’s making me so secure. ‘I killed it at Fit Farm and I just rode a bull! I feel like I can conquer the world, there’s nothing holding me back!’ Well, she’s not wrong. Vannessa also voiced her hopes that Ashley can follow in her footsteps after undergoing her operation. ‘I know Ashley getting surgery will do the same thing for her,’ she added. ‘She’s got to get this surgery so she can build herself up, have the confidence and strength that I have every day.’ Will seeing Vannessa’s confidence spur Ashley on to go under the knife? 1000lbs Best Friends season 2 continues on Wednesdays at 10pm ET/PT on TLC. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Demi Sims and Megan Barton-Hanson look smitten on Valentine’s Day date night after reconciling MORE : Regretful Will Young faces consequences of Casa Amor kiss on Love Island – while Jessie Wynter questions ‘trusting’ him  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 