A concerned viewer of Mucky Mansion has reported Katie Price to the RSPCA after she was filmed using spray paint near a kitten. On the second season of her series, Katie is continuing to renovate her previously uninhabitable property in West Sussex. The 19-room home in the small village of Dial Post is surrounded by 10 acres, however, it was first dubbed Mucky Mansion after it fell into disrepair and became the target of vandalism. While Katie has been determined to turn it into her family home, one of her DIY projects left some viewers fuming after she didn’t seem to consider potential dangers to one of her pets. In one of the recent episodes Katie, 44, was using pink spray paint outdoors while a cat was close by. However, one viewer took to social media to slam her actions. ‘Beyond stupid Katie Price. First you don’t care about your own health, spraying without a mask,’ they began. ‘Then her helpless kitten walks through the paint and she says “get out cat I don’t want hairs in the paint”. ‘RSPCA please give the idiot guidance on animals and how not to poison them!’ As someone else pointed out, Katie has already had ‘six pets die under her care’. The original poster then added that she ‘should have a lifelong ban’. However, a representative for Katie Price told The Sun: ‘I’ll be honest I don’t take much notice in regards to what pets Kate has…as far as I know there isn’t a new cat.’ Criticism over Katie’s care of her animals comes after more than 26,000 people have signed a petition, titled ‘Ban Katie price from buying anymore animals’, to try and stop her owning pets following a spate of six accidental deaths. The description of the three-year-old petition reads: ‘In the last five years more animals have died from lack of care. Horses, dogs, cats, lizards and hedgehogs. This isn’t a single family tragedy.’ ‘It’s a common thing in Katie Price’s home,’ it continued. ‘She jokes about her mucky mansion. But it ain’t a joke that animals are dying from her lack of care.’ The mum of five has a complex history of pet ownership, which has included her Alsatian, Sparkle, being killed by a car after it escaped her property and ran out onto a busy road in 2020, while pet Queenie was run over by a pizza delivery van. One of her horses was also killed in a crash. In 2021 her daughter Princess’s puppy Rolo reportedly suffocated to death after being crushed in an electric armchair in a tragic accident after allegedly being left unsupervised. Her chameleon Marvin died of a ‘broken heart’, while her ex-fiancé Carl Woods gifted her a French Bulldog for their 6-month anniversary which they named Precious. However, they gave the puppy away to a crew member after less than a year of caring for her. She had also given away two of her cats, Hagrid and Dobby, in the past. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Katie Price, as well as RSPCA and Channel 4. Katie Price’s Mucky Mansion is streaming on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Princess Andre gets real with mum Katie Price about plastic surgery and rules out getting own cosmetic procedures MORE : Katie Price faces fright as wasp gets inside protective mask after discovering hidden nest at home on Mucky Mansion 