After meeting by chance at a friend’s birthday party back in 1996, Rebecca and Robert Davis shared a brief kiss before they parted. They didn’t exchange numbers or even names, but Rebecca, who was 14 at the time, remembered the laser tag encounter for years. She even kept the scorecard from the venue, saving it in her wallet as a memento from meeting her ‘soulmate’. ‘Life really can surprise you and come full circle,’ the now-39-year-old said. ‘I rounded a corner at this laser tag party and ran right into Robert. ‘We laughed and moved into a dark dead end to collect ourselves. ‘When the lights flashed for us to leave the game, he gave me a very quick kiss on the lips. ‘I was shocked. And instantly in love. ‘I put the scorecard in my wallet and carried it around.’ Six years later, in October 2000, a 20-year-old Robert was working as a DJ on Rebecca’s favourite radio station, and she recognised his voice. She said: ‘Robert has an amazing voice, and I was a big-time fangirl of his show. ‘Then I won tickets on the radio to see a movie. ‘I was hoping he would be at the screening too, but I got into a minor car accident and I couldn’t go. ‘When I called the show to give up my tickets, we ended up talking for a few hours – off the air, of course.’ At first, Robert didn’t realise he was talking to the same woman he met when they were teens. But he hadn’t forgotten about their encounter. For their second date on New Year’s Eve, Rebecca was at Robert’s house, and she saw something she couldn’t believe. Tucked away in his wallet was his own scorecard from all those years ago. Rebecca said: ‘When the pizza came, Robert asked me to grab cash from his wallet. ‘I noticed some red paper sticking out of the side where you keep pictures or insurance cards. ‘Trying to play it cool, I asked him about it. ‘He was taken aback and kind of shy, then he told me about this girl he met at laser tag years ago and felt like she might be his soulmate and he asked me not to be mad. ‘I explained I have the same story, the same card, but he thought I was mocking him. ‘So on New Year’s Eve, I made him drive me back to my mum’s house an hour away, so I could show him the matching scorecards. ‘I remember standing in my bedroom just smiling and laughing, feeling so confident about the connection.’ Once Robert realised Rebecca was the girl he’d been dreaming of, he knew he had to marry her, and they’ve been together ever since. Rebecca said: ‘After that, he asked me every day for around four years to marry him, but I wanted to wait until I was 21 to get married, so I could drink at my wedding. ‘And that’s what we did.’ The couple tied the knot on Friday, 13 May 2005 and share a son, who is now 13. Rebecca said: ‘My family and friends knew my story and the hope I had for finding this guy again. ‘My mom was the first to know because we found out in her house. ‘She was such a romantic and would tell all her friends. She also liked that he was on the radio for the cool factor. ‘I do think his family was a little more sceptical at first. But after his mom saw the cards, she told me it was the sweetest thing.’ Sadly, Rebecca lost her scorecard in the end, but by then, it had served its adorable purpose and helped her reunite with the man who would be her husband. She said: ‘I was torn up thinking that losing the card was a sign not to get married, but we are very happy. ‘I definitely found my soulmate.’ Rebecca shared their incredible love story on TikTok, where, of course, it went viral with nearly 8million views and a comments section full of people who love their journey. One person wrote: ‘How does it feel to be the main character of our world?’ Another commented: ‘How does it feel TO LIVE MY DREAM?’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : ‘I never forgot about her’ – Childhood sweethearts reunite after 24 years apart and get married MORE : I never planned to remarry after my wife died – when I did I was shamed for it MORE : Most singletons are ‘addicted’ to dating apps and spend 55 minutes a day swiping