Love Is Blind season four is officially on the way, and this time people in Seattle will be looking for a partner inside those infamous pods. The iconic Netflix dating show follows a group of singletons jumping head first into the experiment, going on several dates with possible partners, without ever laying eyes on one another. After a whirlwind few days, they take things several steps further and get engaged, before finally meeting and jetting off on a romantic holiday ahead of their weddings. The first three series have made for incredible TV and introduced us to some of the most epic and controversial characters to grace our screens – who could forget Jessica Batten and her dog? In a new teaser, ahead of the season four release on March 24, fans could be seen getting hyped up over previous episodes. A message then popped up, encouraging viewers to ‘fall in love like never before’. In a voiceover, one contestant could be heard saying: ‘I set this bar crazy high. I just hope it lives up to what we’re hoping it will.’ There were no other details on the cast and a full trailer has not yet been released, but fans were living for the announcement. Quote-tweeting the original post from the official Love Is Blind account, one said: ‘I can’t stop watching these messy situations.’ ‘Oh wow!! Bring it!! Lol altho I’m still healing from the mess of season 3,’ a follower agreed. ‘And I will be seated and stressed out yet again,’ one predicted. As a Twitter user added: ‘No cap y’all Love Is Blind > Love Island I said what I said.’ The first batch of episodes will drop on the platform on March 24, with the last instalments hitting our screens on April 14. The news comes after Netflix bosses confirmed that a UK version of the hugely popular experiment is on the way, offering single fans a chance to get involved. ‘Big news: Love is Blind is coming to the UK,’ a post from the official Twitter account read. Applications for the show end in June, with potential stars warned: ‘Please note, due to the anticipated high volume of applicants the team cannot get back to every applicant.’ Love Is Blind season 4 will be released on Netflix on March 24. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna shows off growing baby bump as she celebrates turning 35 with A$AP Rocky MORE : Alex Reid’s fiancee Nikki Manashe rushed to hospital due to ‘traumatic’ pregnancy complications with twins  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 