Piers Morgan has continued labelling Alan Cumming as ‘attention-seeking’ after the Scottish presenter explained why he had returned his OBE. In a candid post last week, Alan – who was ‘shocked and delighted’ to have been given an OBE for his services to the LGBTQ+ community in the US in 2009 – revealed he had handed back his OBE after recent conversations ‘opened [his] eyes’ to the ‘toxicity’ of the British Empire. He said the death of Queen Elizabeth II, the conversations around the monarchy and ‘the way the British Empire profited at the expense (and death) of indigenous peoples’ had ‘opened my eyes’. Former Good Morning Britain host Piers, who is a vocal defender of the Royal Family and monarchy, made it clear he was not happy about Alan’s decision, labelling him, at the time: ‘An attention-seeking little twerp.’ Responding to the scathing attack, Alan said on SiriusXM Progress radio: ‘I think if you’re p**sing off Piers Morgan, you’re on the right track. ‘I think that lump of ignorance, if I’m p**sing him off, I’m doing the right thing.’ He went on to talk about his ‘complex’ reasoning for his decision several months ago, saying he wanted to make the announcement when he did so he could ‘control the narrative’. ‘For me, it was about the empire, and over the years and especially recently, I have been more educated about some of the stuff that happened with the British empire and indigenous peoples being abused and killed and remembering all that and realising perhaps the good that the award did for me and the LGBT cause in 2009 was less needed now, because we have got, thankfully for now anyway, the rights that we were fighting for. ‘And my misgivings about being associated with the idea of empire, which is about conquering people and plundering them, so it just became untenable for me to keep it’. Responding to the clip, and to Alan saying ‘I think if you’re p**sing off Piers Morgan, you’re on the right track’, Piers commented: ‘Ditto, Mr Cumming. ‘Your explanation of your OBE return is so comically disingenuous.’ He added: ‘You did it for a bit of wokie social media love and (much-needed!) press attention – just admit it.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan to face off with Rishi Sunak as Prime Minister gears up for explosive interview on Uncensored MORE : Piers Morgan praises former ‘TV wife’ Susanna Reid after ‘toe-curling’ interview with Matt Hancock 