It’s only been three weeks but we already have a Love Island couple, well, in love, with Shaq Muhammad and Tanya Manhenga dropping that all-important four-letter word. After surviving the brutal recoupling (bye, Zara) and choosing each other, Shaq and Tanya escaped all the drama for an intimate moment just the two of them. It also happened to be Tanya’s 23rd birthday that day and so, her love interest decided to make it that little bit more special by telling her how he really felt. ‘Everything that’s happened with us and how things have progressed. To be honest, just the way I feel about you is just getting stronger and and stronger every day,’ Shaq told her. Giving viewers all the feels, he added: ‘When I look into your eyes I do see a whole future with you. I know that what we have is very special.’ ‘I love you,’ he then whispered before Tanya reciprocated the feeling, telling her man: ‘I love you too, babe!’ Needless to say, viewers were positively swooning over the adorable moment, with Shaq and Tanya officially becoming the first couple this series to say their ‘I love yous’. ‘Shaq and Tanya I love yous while the rest of the villa is in shambles. REPARATIONS!’ one viewer cheered on Twitter. Highlighting how fast the couple have moevd, one said: ‘Shaq and Tanya will have a wedding before casa amor at this point.’ Another joked: ‘Shaq and Tanya are behaving like they’re on the titanic.’ Sharing their sentiments, one added: ‘I love you?????????? THREE WEEKS?????? Shaq and Tanya please.’ However, loving the way Shaq continues to hold the other boys to account for their behaviour, one viewer weighed in: ‘I don’t even care how fast Shaq has fallen. If he keeps holding these boys accountable he and Tanya can even get engaged next week.’ Shaq, 24, and Tanya, who have been coupled up since day one, have certainly not wasted time in their relationship as they also became the first pairing to have sex this series, with their time in the Hideaway pretty eventful. Not having to share a room with the others, the two clearly took advantage of the alone time and after the lights went out, the cameras showed some serious rustling going on under the sheets. The two were glowing when they returned to the villa the next day and each went to debrief with the rest of the boys and girls. As soon as she got back to the main bedroom, Tanya was asked by Tanyel what had happened overnight, to which she replied: ‘Everything’. ‘And then we got into the bed…and got down and dirty,’ she said as the girls squealed and cheered. Meanwhile Shaq recounted it a bit more romantically and said the mood was set with rose petals and champagne…and lube and massage oil. He added: ‘And then we started exploring and playing with the handcuffs’. ‘I am a five star General.’ He added that ‘everyday is an opportunity to know her on a deeper level’. Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Kai Fagan awkwardly leaves bombshell Samie Elishi ‘disappointed’ after coupling up with her MORE : Love Island star Tom Clare sends ex Zara Lackenby-Brown home after choosing Ellie Spence in brutal recoupling 