Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce struggled to find the right words to say after coming out on top in the battle against his brother Jason and the Philadelphia Eagles at Super Bowl 57. The Chiefs mounted an impressive fight back in Phoenix to beat the Eagles 38-35 and become NFL champions for the second time in four years. Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes starred in the comeback win, becoming the first player since 1999 to win the season MVP, the Super Bowl and the Super Bowl MVP in the same season. For the first time in history, two brothers played against each other in the NFL’s championship game, with Travis Kelce’s Chiefs meeting Jason Kelce’s Eagles in front of 67,827 fans in Phoenix and millions worldwide. The pair shared a heartfelt exchange on the field after Kansas City Chiefs secured the title and Travis was visibly emotional when asked about the chat in his post-game interview. ‘It was a weird feeling,’ he said. ‘There’s nothing you can really say to a loved one in a situation like that. ‘You know, you joke around all the time and say you want to beat your brother on the biggest stage ever but it’s a weird feeling. It was weird. ‘That team had great leadership, great coaches and it came down to small moments in the end. We have all the respect in the world for those Eagles. ‘There’s nothing really I could say to him other than I love him and he played a hell of a season.’ Jason was also asked what he told Travis and replied: ‘F*** you… But congratulations.’ Losing brother Jason was also filmed sharing a long hug with his mum Donna, who was wearing a half-and-half jacket to show her support to both teams. Super Bowl MVP Mahomes, meanwhile, warned Kansas City Chiefs’ rivals that the team had every intention of defending their NFL crown next season. ‘I am not going to say we are a dynasty yet, we are not done,’ said Mahomes. ‘I told you nothing was going to keep me off the field. I want to thank my team-mates – we challenged each other and it took everybody.’ Kansas City Chiefs coach Andy Reid added on Mahomes: ‘He wants to be the greatest player ever and that’s the way he goes about his business. And he does it humbly, there’s no bragging. ‘The great quarterbacks make everybody around him better, including the head coach. So he’s done a heck of a job.’ MORE : Jay Z meets Gordon Ramsay and Adele gets shady as celebs rush to Super Bowl MORE : Rihanna confirms she’s pregnant again after headlining Super Bowl 57 For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.