Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has slammed Chelsea for their woeful performance in the defeat at Tottenham on Sunday. Chelsea were beaten 2-0 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium courtesy of goals from Oliver Skipp and Harry Kane to mount even more pressure on manager Graham Potter. The Blues have won just one of their last 11 games in all competitions, scoring just four goals in that period. Moreover, they are stuck in 10th in the table and are now points-wise closer to the relegation zone than the top four. Against Spurs, Chelsea managed just two shots on target despite having more possession and Hasselbaink issued a rather blunt analysis of their performance. ‘The amount of passes is not really that important. What’s important is have you worked the goalkeeper? Fraser Forster had an easy day,’ the former Blues striker said on Sky Sports. ‘For a Chelsea team, that is not good enough! Now you can spin it and say that Spurs wree amazing at the back, they defend with five and they did really well defensively. ‘They did. But as a big team you always find a moment, a really good chance and that moment never came today.’ While many fans have called for Potter to be sacked for some time now, it seems he still has the support of the Chelsea board who appointed him only last September. But with results being what they are and the chances of qualifying for any European competition looking more and more unlikely, the English manager’s future looks very uncertain. Asked if Potter could be sacked, Hasselbaink responded: ‘That is a really difficult question. I don’t know. ‘When you’re at a big club like Chelsea and you lose two games in a row, that is already considered a crisis. Now these owners have come in, they want to go in a different direction, they want to do this project. ‘They’ve bought Potter in, he’s their man so they will give him as much time as possible. But you also have to expect something back from Potter. ‘And if he doesn’t [do that] then eventually that [backing] will stop. When that is I don’t know but Potter is under pressure and that’s what happens at big clubs.’ MORE : David Moyes joins Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger in reaching Premier League milestone MORE : David Raya speaks out on future amid Man Utd, Chelsea and Spurs links For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 