Nicola Bulley struggled with ‘significant issues’ surrounding alcohol prior to her disappearance, detectives have said. Earlier today, Lancashire Police spoke of how the missing mum was deemed high-risk when she vanished on January 27. The force expanded on the statement this evening. They also revealed that officers had been called to the home of Nicola and her partner Paul on January 10. A statement issued by Lancashire Police read: ‘Sadly, it is clear from speaking to Paul and the family that Nicola had in the past suffered with some significant issues with alcohol which were brought on by her ongoing struggles with the menopause and that these struggles had resurfaced over recent months. ‘This caused some real challenges for Paul and the family. ‘As a result of those issues, a response car staffed by both police and health professionals attended a report of concern for welfare at Nicola’s home address on January 10. ‘No one has been arrested in relation to this incident, but it is being investigated. ‘It is an unusual step for us to take to go into this level of detail about someone’s private life, but we felt it was important to clarify what we meant when we talked about vulnerabilities to avoid any further speculation or misinterpretation. ‘We have explained to Nicola’s family why we have released this further information and we would ask that their privacy is respected at this difficult time.’ Lancashire Police along with a number of other specialist teams spent days dredging the River Wyre in Lancashire, which is close to the last place she was seen after she dropped her two daughters at school. The force reiterated today that there is no evidence to indicate a criminal aspect to the case. Assistant Chief Constable Peter Lawson said: ‘I would emphasise that it remains the case there is no evidence to indicate a criminal aspect or third party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance. ‘However, the officers involved in the investigation are the same experienced specialists and many senior officers who are concerned with the investigation of the most serious and complex crimes.’ At a press conference six days after Nicola went missing police first said its ‘main working hypothesis’ was that the mortgage adviser fell in the river during a ‘10-minute window’ between 9.10am and 9.20am that day. They continued to say her disappearance was not being treated as suspicious. Meanwhile Ms Bulley’s friends and neighbours, including her next-door neighbour and friend Charlotte Drake, have continued to flock to a bridge over the Wyre to lay yellow ribbons with messages which say they still hope she will be found safe and well. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.