An arrest has been made after a 70-year-old woman was found dead in Exeter. Police had rushed to Ludwell Valley Park, in the Wonford area of the city, at 4pm today. A woman, 70, was found dead at the scene. Her next have kin have been informed and is being supported by specialist officers. Cordons were put in place and a ‘major’ police operation led to the arrest of a man in the city centre of Exeter at 9.30pm. Superintendent Tom Holmes, said: ‘Whilst this is a positive update, a major response remains in place and our investigation into this murder continues. ‘Tonight we issued an image of a man we needed to identify. Now that we have a man in custody we no longer need the public to share this appeal; please do not speculate on the identity of the suspect or the circumstances surrounding this matter. ‘A heightened police presence will remain across key areas of Exeter, including the Wonford area where a number of cordons remain in place. We are currently not looking for anyone else in connection to this offence.’ Earlier tonight, a local mum told DevonLive: ‘It’s shocking and quite terrifying. Some people are saying there were 30 armed police with dogs going into the field this afternoon. ‘There are terrible rumours flying around about what’s happened. I hope they are not true.’ Police are appealing for information and would like to speak to anyone who was in the Wonford area this afternoon. You can contact detectives quoting log number 600 18 February. Supt Holmes added: ‘Even though we have a man in custody, this doesn’t mean that we are no longer appealing for information. It is vital that if you have any information relating to this incident, that you contact us immediately. ‘Our thoughts are with the family and the loved ones of the victim, and we will continue to do all we can to support them during this tragic time.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.