For most families, the arrival of a new baby can have them feeling the financial pinch. With an extra mouth to feed, clothe and care for, it can leave many counting their pennies – especially in the current cost of living crisis. But for those who formula feed, the rising costs of the product combined with government policy that prevents price reduction or promotion has left many resorting to extreme measures to make ends meet. For single mother Tanya Matthews, motherhood has often meant she’s forced to skip meals in a bid to formula feed her nine-month-old daughter Claudia. Tanya’s daughter was born at just 34 weeks via emergency c-section. As she recovered from the major surgery, Claudia was rushed straight into resus and placed under UV light to avoid the possibility of jaundice. Tanya, now 34, spent almost 24 hours apart from her baby and after being discharged, spent a further five days going to and from the hospital to visit her. She tried to express milk to feed her but the impact of labour combined with her diabetes meant she was left feeling depleted and exhausted, eventually turning to formula to keep her baby fed and healthy. ‘I was exhausted and felt I had nothing left in me,’ remembers Tanya. However, with the shocking rise in formula costs in the UK – with the price of the cheapest brand rising 22% in 2022 – it’s taken a difficult toll. ‘Formula is around £15 a tin and she can easily go through one a week,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘The prices have gone up. It’s so stressful. It’s such an expense and it’s caused me a lot of anxiety. ‘It’s hard to make ends meet and an extra £15 a week can be over £70 a month. There’s no way I would let my daughter go without so if money is tight, I don’t eat much. I try to stock my cupboards with bags of pasta and tinned tomatoes. ‘Struggling to afford food for my daughter makes me feel so guilty. I’m in counselling because it’s impacted my mental health so much. I try so much to be the best mum I can be but it’s hard to cope when everything is so expensive.’ Alina Popesco, 37, has a four-month-old daughter Leia, and says the cost of formula has caused her to delay paying her other bills. ‘I tried to breastfeed but she just wouldn’t latch properly,’ she explains to Metro.co.uk. ‘It was really tough. I wanted to breastfeed but after a month of trying, I couldn’t do it anymore. My breasts were so swollen and painful and my daughter wasn’t getting enough milk. It’s not how I would have chosen to feed her as I really wanted to breastfeed. But it just didn’t work out that way for me.’ ‘Formula is so expensive,’ adds Alina, who is a single mother. ‘She’s currently drinking every two hours. I don’t have help from my baby’s father. I’m on universal credit but everything is so expensive now. The only thing I can do to afford formula and everything else for my baby is to pay my other bills late.’ Alina also admits that making sure she has enough money for formula means that she’s scrimping on other essentials. ‘I have to put off buying cleaning things for the house, which makes me feel guilty,’ she says. ‘I want my house to be clean and safe for my daughter, and it’s so upsetting when I realise I have to take things out of the basket. ‘I do worry for the future. If prices of things like formula go up, how will people cope? It’s scary and it makes me feel anxious. It breaks my heart to see things like security tags on formula in supermarkets. That’s obviously a response to people stealing it but that’s probably because they’re so desperate and we’re in a cost-of-living crisis. ‘Formula is not a luxury item it’s a necessity. There’s nothing in place for mother’s like me.’ However, it’s not just the soaring costs of formula that families and single mothers have to contend with. UK laws follow World Health Organisation (WHO) guidelines introduced in 1981, that prohibit retailers from featuring first infant formula (formula that babies can drink from birth) in any in-store or online promotions. Parents are also not able to use Boots points, Sainsbury’s Nectar Points of Tesco Clubcard to reduce the costs. All three stores say they are simply following all legislation and guidelines relating to baby formula milk. Although the Healthy Start programme was introduced across the UK in 2006, to provide a nutritional safety-net for low-income mothers and families – at £8.50 a week, the vouchers don’t even cover the cost of even the cheapest formula on the market. One new mother revealed to Metro.co.uk that her infant son’s issues with reflux have cost her over £30 a week on formula. The mum has chosen to remain anonymous after fleeing a violent relationship and relocating to a new part of the UK. ‘My son is just four weeks old. I tried to breastfeed him but he was constantly unsettled and I just wasn’t able to provide enough,’ she explains. ‘With reflux, he was throwing up so much of the milk and needing more and more. I felt I couldn’t keep up. Once we realised he had reflux, we switched him to another formula which is £16 a tin. Currently he goes through two of those a week, so that’s £32. I get Healthy Start vouchers but that doesn’t even cover the cost of one tin. ‘I’ve had to ask family for money with the promise I’ll pay them back when I can but that means I’m just letting a debt rise up. It’s so stressful. I’ve left a violent relationship, which is stressful enough, but now I feel isolated in a new place where I don’t know anyone with a new baby. That combined with the money pressures has really affected my mental health. I’m on medication and I have been struggling to sleep.’ While the strict policy against formula reduction and price promotion was introduced in a bid to promote breastfeeding and hold formula feeding companies to account, Erin Williams, co-founder of the charity Feed UK, believes the strict policies are negatively impacting the wrong people. ‘The law was aimed at tackling the blatant profiteering and coercive marketing of formula to new mums,’ she explains. ‘But as an unintended consequence, families who are struggling financially are hit in the pocket as the companies’ prices and profits continue to rise.’ Last year, Feed UK revealed that desperate mothers were watering down formula in a bid to make it last longer. Meanwhile, other struggling parents were resorting to stealing the product from supermarkets which led to it being security tagged and placed behind tills in locked glass cabinets by many retailers. ‘If you look at some of the other products that are not allowed to be bought using loyalty card points, it’s alcohol, tobacco, scratch cards and lottery tickets,’ Katherine O’Brien, Associate Director of the British Pregnancy Advisory Service tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Those are things we usually associate with not being very good for people or to be consumed in moderation. ‘If we lump formula into that category, it understandably reinforces the negative stigma surrounding formula. It shouldn’t be about pitting formula feeding mums against breastfeeding mums. It should be about supporting all mums.’ Katherine adds: ‘At BPAS, we advocate for choice with reproductive rights, birth rights and infant feeding. It’s such a controversial issue to some that posts about formula feeding will cause more controversy than posts on abortion. Maybe in an ideal world, every mother would be able to breastfeed their child but we don’t live in an ideal world and that isn’t the case for many families.’ In desperate situations, many people turn to food banks for support. However, that has also proved complicated for formula feeding mums, as many are hesitant to stock formula because they adhere to UNICEF guidelines – which believe giving out formula can inadvertently cause harm if they are given the wrong type of formula. However, Katherine says the guidelines don’t add up and mums should be trusted to make the right choice. ‘If a mother with financial means can go into a supermarket and be trusted to choose the right formula for her baby, why can’t a mother without the financial means do so in a food bank?’ she argues. ‘All first infant formula is safe and healthy for babies. This is a misconception that needs to be addressed. You shouldn’t feel shamed for choosing the cheaper option. They are all regulated and all first infant formulas are the same.’ Feed UK’s Erin adds: ‘Our evidence shows that food banks want to stock formula as they’re the people on the ground who are dealing with those in desperate circumstances and can see the need for direct provision. ‘The problem is that although UK law doesn’t prohibit food banks from providing formula or receiving donations, the UNICEF guidelines have caused confusion. We know from our research that some food banks have received a lot of pressure not to stock formula or inform families that they do. One food bank even reported that the local authority threatened to take their premises away if they offered formula to formula-fed babies.’ These sorts of pressures are something that Monique Collins has encountered at Disc food bank in Newquay, where she works. ‘We had a midwife come in and tell us we weren’t allowed to supply it but that’s just not true,’ she explains. ‘As long as it’s sealed and within date, it’s fine. It’s true that the UNICEF guidance confused things. If I see mums and babies in need, I’m going to help them. ‘I’ve started using money from funding and giving it to mums in need to buy formula and bring me back the receipt,’ adds Monique. ‘I do that for about nine mums because the situation is so desperate. We’re in a crisis and it’s so hard to see mum’s struggling to feed their babies. I don’t see how hiking up formula costs and making it so difficult to access is promoting breastfeeding. I just think it’s hurting the most vulnerable.’ In the face of the current cost of living crisis, Katherine believes that it’s time to review whether formula policies in place are doing what they originally set out to do. ‘I’m sure this government policy was introduced with the best of intentions, as well as UNICEF’s guidelines but we’ve got to ask ourselves if it’s doing what it set out to do?’ she says. ‘Because the formula feeding companies are making record profits and the number of women breastfeeding does not seem to have increased. In fact, the majority of babies in the UK are formula fed. ‘We’ve seen a higher rate of formula feeding in the most financially deprived areas. So this policy isn’t deterring people but instead, hitting them financially. If mothers are watering down formula to make it last longer or starving themselves to avoid the high price points, we’re witnessing a health crisis that needs addressing sooner rather than later. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Kimberley.Bond@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague looking after baby Bambi ‘mostly by herself’ reveals Tommy Fury as he prepares for Jake Paul fight MORE : Therese Coffey solves cost of living crisis: ‘get a job, work more hours’ MORE : Salt Bae pledges to serve ‘unlimited’ food to 5,000 people in Turkey after earthquake disaster