A pregnant mum believes her toddler’s various health scares are because her London flat is covered in black mould. Nikki Lazarou has lived in the Haringey property since 2017 but says she has continuously experienced issues with damp and mould. And the mum-of-three says the situation is so bad she avoids spending time at home as much as possible – and is currently sleeping in the living room with her children. She has taken her young son Theo to hospital three times this year with illnesses such as bronchitis – which she believes were because of black mould. She told MyLondon: ‘As a mum all you want to do is protect your kids, but I don’t feel I can in this house, they just keep getting sick. ‘It’s so bad in the kids’ room I won’t allow them to sleep there, my [older] son has asthma and every time he is in there he’s coughing his lungs out.’ Recalling a previous hospital visit with her youngest, she added: ‘He was rushed from the GPs straight to the hospital with bronchitis. ‘He was given oral steroids. When it happened a second time I took him there myself.’ Ms Lazarou, who is pregnant and asthmatic, says her GP even wrote to the borough, asking them to ‘help and review’ the family’s living situation. ‘All of these issues the council are not helping. It’s like what are they waiting for? Are they waiting for my children to die?’ she added. She believes the black mould has originated from a rusty pipe in the building which runs through several properties in her block. She also claims even though she has sent information to her housing manager, ‘nothing has been done’ so far. This is despite her eldest two sons having additional needs including autism and ADHD. In a new statement, Haringey Council promised it has found ‘suitable temporary accommodation’ after being ‘appalled’ by the family’s living conditions. Councillor Dana Carlin said: ‘I am appalled at the conditions this family are living in and would like to offer my sincere apologies to Ms Lazarou and her family. ‘We have inspected the property and have arranged suitable temporary accommodation for the family to move into whilst we undertake the repair to their home. ‘As a council we have put in place significant procedures to deal with damp and mould and have a robust action plan moving forward to identify cases in our homes and deal with them quickly and effectively. ‘Our priority is for our residents to live in safe and well-maintained homes, and we are fully committed to a zero-tolerance approach to damp and mould. We have streamlined our reporting process to ensure all reported damp and mould is correctly signposted to the relevant service and residents can email us directly at dampandmould@haringey.gov.uk.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Haringey Council for further information. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.