Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are truly two of Hollywood’s elite now after making a low-key appearance at Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi’s surprise wedding vow renewal this week. Former Ally McBeal actress Portia celebrated her 50th birthday on Tuesday with a bang, by inviting some of her closest A-list pals to watch her surprise talk show host Ellen with a ceremony to renew their wedding vows after 14 years of marriage. It was clearly the hottest ticket in town as Kris Jenner officiated the ceremony, while the likes of Gwyneth Paltrow, Katy Perry, Jennifer Aniston and Courteney Cox were in attendance. Those with eagle eyes no doubt spotted another pair of famous faces among the crowd, with Harry, 38, and Meghan, 41, casually seen watching the impromptu nuptials in the video posted to Ellen’s social media channels. In one shot, Meghan is seen clapping and smiling along with the other guests, while Harry is seen nearby looking smart in a suit. It’s the first time the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been pictured out together since the release of his controversial autobiography, Spare, earlier this month, which featured a set of fresh bombshells about the Royal Family. Meghan is thought to be friends with Ellen having appeared on the comedian’s now-cancelled chat show in November 2021. The Royal couple now live in Montecito, California with their two children, Archie, two, and Lilibet, one, after quitting their roles as senior members of the Royal Family in 2020. Ellen had no idea she would be renewing her wedding vows with Portia, who donned the same Zac Posen bridal gown she wore to first tie the knot in 2008. After being introduced by The Kardashians star Kris, Portia delivered a heartfelt speech declaring her love for Ellen. The Arrested Development star began: ‘Surprise! You don’t have to say anything at all but when I was thinking about what would make my birthday really special, apart from being with family and friends, it was reminding you that you’re the most important thing in the world to me.’ The actress went on to explain: ‘I feel like we’re on a new journey. ‘We’re settling down finally, planting roots and taking better care of ourselves and each other than ever before. I’m so excited about the future where we get to do whatever the hell we want for the rest of our lives.’ Portia concluded: ‘I’m so honoured to be your wife,’ before sharing a kiss with her partner to cheers. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 