You could be reconsidering how you spend your days, and whether you’re doing the right things, with the Sun moving into a four-week stay in Pisces. For Taurus, you may be keen to forge new connections and to move in circles that are related to your interests. Meanwhile for Cancer, if life has seemed intense lately, you may get some respite as the Sun moves into your exploration and adventure zone. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 18, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 As the focus shifts to a private sector, the coming four weeks bring an opportunity to reflect on your plans and current situation, Aries. Use this chance to tie up loose ends and find closure on those issues that have been dragging on for too long. This can also be a very spiritual time, when reflection and meditation could help you get your bearings and plan for the months ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Your social life looks more buoyant, as the Sun moves in for a four week stay. You’ll be keen to forge new connections and to move in circles that are related to your interests. There’s something good about meeting up with like-minded others, to share tips and enjoy get-togethers or outings. Ready to make a dream come true? The coming days can see you making a start. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may be in the spotlight over coming weeks, and be eager to showcase your skills and talents. Even so, doubts can show up and you might wonder if you are doing the right thing. A side of you is keen to reach for new opportunities, but old patterns can kick in and hold you back. Let your mantra be, “Feel the fear and do it anyway”. Soon, you’ll be on a roll and loving it, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 If life has seemed intense lately, you may get some respite as the Sun moves into your exploration and adventure zone. Although you may still be busy dealing with a situation, this lighter influence can allow new thoughts to percolate into your mind, giving you a fresh take on it. Need inspiration, Cancer? A mentor or life-coach could help you move beyond your limits. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Pay attention to your emotions, as they may give clues as to how you really feel about a difficult issue. This can be your chance to clear the decks, by letting go of anything that has become a hindrance. You do need to be very honest with yourself Leo, especially if you’re under pressure. Even so, the opportunity for a completely fresh start can give you energy and a new lease of life. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 While there’s an emphasis on co-operation, the Sun’s move into your sector of relating encourages taking an intuitive approach to others. Trust your feeling Virgo, especially if you’re uncertain about someone’s motives. Plus, the Moon’s positive link to Jupiter, encourages you to give an opportunity another glance. Even if it’s a challenge, it could be very worthwhile. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Sun’s move into Pisces for a four week stay, lights up your lifestyle zone and brings a chance to take stock of your habits and routines. Could you make better use of your days? And if so, how would you go about it? Take a look at your priorities and go from there. What do you most want to accomplish? Plan for it in some detail Libra, as by doing so success can be yours. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The coming weeks have great potential, as the desire to express yourself and share your talents looks to be important to you. You may rediscover a hobby or reacquaint yourself with an interest, Scorpio. And this can be a time when a love interest may come into your life, and when your relationship could blossom. Your current partnership might also benefit from more romance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 As the Sun glides into Pisces and your home zone for the coming four weeks, there’s a side of you that may be content to rest more, and perhaps take the odd duvet day if you have the chance. The cosmos encourages you to refuel by eating well, getting more sleep and opting for a little pampering. Your intuition will also be very strong, so be sure to pay attention to it, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The coming weeks are great for strengthening connections and forging new relationships. Plus, you may derive a lot of pleasure from finding out more about your local area and any new developments. Keen to acquire skills, catch up with friends or launch an online business? The days ahead look to be perfect. Going to an event? It could turn out to be unusual, but enjoyable. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You may become aware of what is needed to improve your financial situation. You might also be keen to make your cash go further by recycling items or purchasing some goods second hand. The more in control you feel around money, the better for you. The Moon’s link to jovial Jupiter can alert you to an opportunity that might expand your influence in all the right places, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 As the Sun enters your sign energy and confidence will return, and any doubts you’ve had will be left behind. Over the weeks ahead, you’re encouraged to focus on activities and people that feel really good. Following any intuitive nudges can lead you to fresh discoveries too. With your sixth sense super-charged right now, acting on any insights and hunches will pay off, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 12 to February 18 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care