Kylie Minogue was joined by a very special guest as she headlined the official opening party of World Pride 2023 in Australia. The 54-year-old songstress performed a 30-minute set during which she thrilled audiences in a packed out stadium with some of her greatest hits including Can’t Get You Out Of My Head. Ticket holders got more than they bargained for on the night however, as they were treated to not one but two Minogue’s as Kylie double-teamed it with her sister Dannii. She took to the stage at The Domain in Sydney ahead of the festival celebrating the LGBTQ+ community on Friday. Closing out the stellar show with her chart-topping hit All The Lovers, Kylie had one final trick up her sleeve for the audience and welcomed her singer sibling Danni, 51, to the stage. Both pop princesses donned matching sheer lace bodysuits for the occasion, with Dannii dressing in pink and older sister Kylie in royal blue. Fans watching in the arena and remotely on a live stream flocked to social media to share their joy at the iconic moment. One onlooker commented: ‘Feeling grateful to live in the same age that is, Kylie and Dannii Minogue tbh [sic],’ while another penned: ‘This is gorgeous! #KylieMinogue and her beautiful sister Danni singing one of my favourite Kylie songs. How stunning are they? 51 & 54 – age does not define a woman! [sic]’. Alongside a video that showed the sibling duo singing their hearts out during the legendary performance, a fan typed: ‘KYLIE & DANNII = PERFECTION [sic]’. The famous sisters hadn’t appeared on stage together since 2015 when Kylie surprised audiences with Dannii as a guest during her series of Christmas shows at the Royal Albert Hall in London. Between the two, it was in fact Dannii that first made a name for herself in their native Australia with her regular part in the 80s kids show, Young Talent Time. The global event was peppered with star-studded performances that included the likes of British singer Charli XCX and Australian artist Jessica Mauboy. Australian singer Casey Donovan and much-loved Drag Race alumnus Courtney Act hosted the spectacle’s opening ceremony. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kylie Minogue’s ex Paul Solomons speaks out after shock split due to ‘long distance’ MORE : Kylie Minogue ‘splits from British boyfriend after five years together’ due to long distance 