A group of internet pranksters risked starting World War Three after flying a makeshift ‘spy balloon’ over the Chinese embassy in London. Josh Pieters and Archie Manners decided to ‘retaliate’ after reading recent speculation that China was using balloons to spy on the US. In a viral video, the 29-year-olds ‘flew’ the £20 weather balloon with a GoPro attached above the embassy in Marylebone. The camera peers towards its windows that Josh claims to hold ‘deep, dark secrets’ and they even film a man ‘taking a serious business call’ on the roof. Josh says a security guard quizzed them a minute later on their brazen stunt, and a police van arrived with its sirens blaring and four armed guards inside. Their video shows one smirking officer say people inside the embassy may find their stunt ‘offensive’ but Archie insists that was not their intention. The duo popped the balloon, which was attached to a rope, and left without an issue, and Josh has since joked they were pleased they gathered some ‘intelligence’. He believes the rapid response was caused by angry Chinese officials, but joked they ‘wouldn’t mind’ given ‘they like balloons’. The prankster says he and Archie were nervous when inflating the balloon and the armed response left them scared, but they wanted to show ‘if China can spy on the West, we can spy on them’. The stunt was filmed after the US shot an unidentified object from the sky, which many believed was a Chinese spy balloon. Josh, from Kings Cross, central London, said: ‘It’s a bit of tit for tat. We heard a balloon was shot down in the USA, so we thought if China can spy on the West then why can’t the West spy on China. ‘Flying to China would take a while and it’s expensive so we thought what’s an easier way and that’s to fly a balloon over the embassy as that’s technically China. ‘It was hard to see what was going on behind the windows but there’s no doubt some deep, dark secrets were being held behind them. ‘As it rose to the top, we saw a man conducting what looked like a very serious business call on top of the roof. We don’t know what he was talking about but it was clearly pretty high-level stuff.’ A police spokesperson said: ‘Police were called at 14.25 on Wednesday 8 February to reports of a balloon being flown near an embassy in Portland Place, W1. ‘Officers attended and spoke to two men who were apparently flying the balloon and recording it for social media. The balloon was taken down by the two men. No offences were disclosed.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.