Kimberley Walsh and Nicola Roberts were in the audience for the press night of their bandmate and close friend Cheryl’s West End play, 2:22 A Ghost Story, on Wednesday. The Girls Aloud stars looked typically glam when they rocked up to London’s Lyric Theatre, with Kimberley, 41, layering a chic trench over a floral dress and 37-year-old Nicola opting for a sparkly black mini dress. Doting mum Kimberley also shared snaps of 39-year-old Cheryl treading the boards, saying she was ‘so proud’ of her friend’s ‘amazing’ performance. Cheryl was clearly moved by all the support and ‘cried’ during the curtain call. Before taking her seat, the singer was almost knocked over by a Lime bike, something Kimberley didn’t appear best pleased about. After the show, Cheryl changed into a nude-hued dress that featured a striking high-neck before posing for snaps with her pals. Later that evening, Kimberley, Nicola and Cheryl bundled into a car together. Speaking to MailOnline, a source said ‘tears could be seen rolling down Cheryl’s cheeks during the curtain call, in which the cast received a standing ovation’. Cheryl plays Jenny in 2:22 A Ghost Story, a role previously played by Lily Allen and Laura Whitmore. Written by Danny Robins and directed by Matthew Dunster, the show follows Jenny, who believes her new home is haunted, while her husband Sam is not having any of it. The couple argue with their first dinner guests, old friend Lauren and her new partner Ben, as belief and scepticism clash. It’s believed that Cheryl is earning a very nice £1,000 for each show, with The Sun reporting that the massive deal will see her earn £100,000 by the time the run ends in spring. She announced in December that she’d be taking on the role of Jenny, writing on Instagram at the time: ‘Hey!!! .. I am SO excited to be starring in the west end thriller @222aghoststory! ‘I will be playing the role of Jenny from January – April! I went to see the show with a previous cast and LOVED IT ! It is a totally new and exciting experience for me so if you’re looking for a fun night out & some entertainment in your new year tickets are available now….whenever you’re ready.’ The hitmaker will be starring in the play from January to April. 