Love Island fans were left more than impressed at Kai Fagan’s ‘unbothered’ attitude when he walked off during a chat with Olivia Hawkins. For those of you who have missed the drama, Kai and Olivia were getting to know each other after he ended things with Tanyel Revan – but as always, Casa Amor really shook things up. The pair both chose to twist, with teacher Kai coupling up with Sanam Harrinanan, while Olivia chose Maxwell Samuda. But since, returning to the villa, Kai and Olivia haven’t stopped bickering. However, during Tuesday’s challenge, the 24-year-old tried to squash any beef by not directly calling out Olivia as untrustworthy – but that still wasn’t good enough for the ring girl. Pulling him aside on Wednesday’s episode, she began: ‘I was quite shocked you didn’t pick me.’ He replied: ‘I just wanted to squash the beef, that’s it.’ ‘For me it confirms that maybe you are quite fake and for me I’d much rather you’d have just said, “Olivia and these are the reasons why I don’t think she’s genuine”,’ she replied. ‘I can’t be a***d for this conversation,’ Kai replied, adding: ‘I’m trying not to bite because I don’t want confrontation.’ As their conversation continued to go back and forth, Kai just walked off, saying, ‘See you later’ – with fans left cheering him on. ‘Let me do me, why do you keep bringing s**t up to me, just leave me alone, I don’t care about you,’ he fumed to the boys. ‘Ngl it was lovely seeing Kai walk away from that convo, even I was getting tired of Olivia,’ one viewer wrote. Another penned: ‘Go on Kai ! Walk away ! She is trying everything to start beef. If he had picked her in the challenge she would have a problem with that too.’ Someone else cheered: ‘Kai is such an unbothered king.’ Not long later, Olivia was left in tears as she chatted to the other girls, saying she needed to let her emotions out after all the drama with Kai. But her night took another turn when she pulled Maxwell aside and the pair shared a steamy kiss. ‘No more drama!’ she told him – but we’ll have to wait and see whether that rings true. ‘That chapter’s over and this one’s just getting started,’ Olivia insisted to Maxwell. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island ‘halts filming’ as extreme weather sparks chaos for cast and crew MORE : Love Island spoilers: Olivia ‘shocked’ Kai didn’t choose her as most untrustworthy as he tries to ‘squash the beef’ 