Rescue workers have managed to save countless animals trapped under rubble after a string of powerful earthquakes pelted Turkey and Syria. On Monday, a 7.8 magnitude tremble tore through southern Turkey (with its epicentre in Gaziantep) and northwestern Syria. The earthquake, one of the deadliest in decades, has killed more than 20,000 and injured countless more. Hundreds of aftershocks followed. But as hope wanes more than 72 hours after the tremors, rescuers are digging through rubble to find survivors – stranded and trapped animals included. Social media footage showed a crew digging through debris with their hands to save a dog, lodged between concrete, glass and mangled metal, in Iskenderun, Hatay, yesterday. They manage to bend some of the pipes away to free the terrified hound, with one man holding them in his arms as he walks away from the wreckage. Hatay, which borders Syria to the south, has carried Turkey’s highest known death count, one expected to keep rising by the house as search crews comb the area. While a spooked cat, whose black and white fur was covered in grey dust, was recovered today after four days buried under building debris in Adana, Turkey. Not even birds have been able to escape from the disaster. A parrot was scooped up by rescuers earlier today in Hatay, who offered them water from their palm. Haytap, an animal rights group in Turkey, is searching for buried animals while providing them with medical assistance in Hatay. ‘The treatment of the souls brought to the Haytap Sahara Tent continues,’ the group tweeted, sharing several photos of volunteers caring for dogs and pigeons. ‘There are many lives on the leash whose owners have passed away and are missing.’ Network for Animals, an international animal welfare organisation, warned ‘time is running out’ to save the animals. ‘Animals have lost everything – their homes, their families, their food, their safety,’ it said in an appeal. ‘Heartbreakingly, displaced people are struggling to find shelter that will accept their animals.’ The network called on officials and aid groups to send emergency veterinary supplies, pet food and blankets to earthquake-affected areas ‘as they battle freezing weather and fight through rubble that was once a city to get to the animals’. It added that dogs can survive up to a week without food, while cats can last up to two. The People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) added: ‘Every minute poses a struggle for survival for them as many wander through the rubble while contending with untreated injuries and bone-chilling cold.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.