Czech Republic midfielder and La Liga footballer Jakub Jankto has come out as gay. The 27-year-old said he ‘no longer wanted’ to hide after becoming the highest-profile current male footballer to publicly come out. ‘Hi, I’m Jakub Jankto,’ the Getafe midfielder said in a video published on his Twitter page. ‘Like everybody else, I have my strengths, I have my weaknesses; I have a family, I have my friends. ‘I have a job, which I have been doing it as best as I can, for years, with seriousness, professionalism and passion. ‘Like everybody else, I also want to live my life in freedom without fear, without prejudice, without violence, but with love. ‘I am homosexual, and I no longer want to hide myself.’ In 2021, Adelaide United’s Josh Cavallo became the first current top-flight male professional in the world to come out.   A year later, Blackpool’s Jake Daniels came out as the UK’s only openly gay active male professional footballer. Czech side Sparta Prague, who signed Jankto on loan last summer, have expressed their support of the midfielder in a statement. ‘Jakub spoke openly about his sexual orientation with the club some time ago,’ the club said. ‘Everything else concerns his personal life. No further comments. No more questions. You have our support. Live your life, Jacob. Nothing else matters.’ Jankto started his professional career at Udinese and made 69 appearances for the Serie A side before joining fellow Italian club Sampdoria in 2019. Getafe signed the Czech star in the summer of 2021 but agreed to loan Jankto to Sparta Prague at the start of this season. A mainstay in the Czech Republic team over the past six years, Jankto has scored four goals in 45 games for his country. The English Premier League’s official twitter account replied to Janto’s announcement by posting: ‘We’re with you, Jakub. Football is for everyone.’ His parent club, Getafe, added: ‘We only have utmost respect and unconditional support to our footballer Jakub Jankto.’ MORE : Patrice Evra claims West Ham stars wanted gay players kicked out MORE : Man Utd legend Gary Neville makes Arsenal v Man City prediction For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.