Love Island viewers have been placing their bets on when the villa will split in two for the infamous Casa Amor episodes and on Friday night’s episode – their question about its arrival was answered. At the end of an explosive episode that saw Ellie Spence and Jordan Odofin leave the show for good, news of the second villa was released ahead of the closing credits. Notorious for threatening even the strongest of couples, the arrival of the second house brings with it a host of fresh bombshells to test the current islanders. Boys and girls will splinter off into two separate accommodations where they will be introduced to a new cast of males and females all looking to meet a match and win entry into the main villa. The division of the sexes has caused major fall-out in the past and fans – that claimed this season has been lacking the usual dramatic flare – are hoping Casa Amor will shake things up. A social media user commented on Twitter: ‘Finally Casa Amor…. because things need to be shaken up a little [sic]’. Another penned: ‘Ooooiiiii Casa Amor on Sunday – what timing!!! There’s gonna be ARMS!!! [sic]’. ‘Casa Amor is the Super Bowl of reality television and the only thing that’s going to get me through the last week of term [sic],’ was a viewer’s response to the news. While this Twitter account posted: ‘so your telling me casa amor is coming with no solid couples, lana continues to be a mug, shaq is trying to gaslight everyone, liv has tried too start numerous problems AND most importantly we lost these two icons producers sort it out fr [sic]’. The end of Friday night’s episode also saw Shaq Muhammad and Tanya Manhenga come to blows over his handling of an argument with Ron Hall. Shaq summoned his partner for a chat and questioned her over her supposed lack of support during the entire ordeal. Tanya dismissed the claims and admitted she was getting the ‘ick’ as Shaq was beginning to display qualities she disliked in her ex-boyfriend. Love Island returns on Sunday night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers rejoice over ‘karma’ for Jordan Odofin as he and Ellie Spence are dumped – two days after sending Tanyel Revan packing MORE : Love Island viewers predict the end for Tanya Manhenga and Shaq Muhammad as they come to blows when she compares him to her ex 