Dame Emma Thompson has said that attending the Oscars has made her ‘seriously ill’ in the past and joked that she’s developed an ‘allergy to that part of the job’. The 63-year-old actress, known for films including Nanny McPhee and Sense and Sensibility, has previously won two Academy Awards. Speaking about her experience of attending the coveted awards show, Dame Emma said: ‘Both times I had to do the Oscars I got seriously ill. ‘I found the pressure and glare of it too much. ‘It’s astonishing – and then afterwards you want to lie down in a dark room. You think, “Please don’t ask me any questions or make me talk about myself.” ‘I quickly developed a sort of allergy to that part of the job.’ The star, who dazzled at the Baftas on Sunday in an elegant cream suit, also added to the Radio Times that she felt ‘lucky’ with her experience compared to some as she pointed out that ‘it must be awful if you’re James Bond’. Dame Emma scooped the Oscar for best actress in 1992 for her performance in Howards End and was later awarded best adapted screenplay in 1995 for her work on Sense and Sensibility. At this year’s Baftas, she was up for best actress for her performance in Good Luck to You, Leo Grande opposite Daryl McCormack, who was also nominated for best actor and the EE Rising Star award. They ultimately lost to Cate Blanchett, Austin Butler and Emma Mackey in those categories, while the film also missed out in extremely competitive categories for outstanding debut for writer Katy Brand and outstanding British film of the year. Those accolades went to Charlotte Wells for Aftersun and The Banshees of Inisherin, respectively. The actress, who attended the University of Cambridge, also admitted that she initially only joined the university’s prestigious Cambridge Footlights drama group ‘for fun’. During Dame Emma’s time in the club, fellow actors Stephen Fry and Hugh Laurie were also members. ‘Stephen and Hugh were remarkable. Those times were magical,’ she recalled. However, she added that they purely did their performances ‘for fun’, and that they ‘weren’t waiting for people to come and see the show and pick us up’. The actress was made a dame in 2018 for her services to drama. Radio Times is on sale now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul Mescal’s mum raves about ‘amazing’ night out at Baftas amid cancer battle as she thanks son MORE : Elvis star Austin Butler praises movement coach Polly Bennett as his ‘rock’ during filming after Bafta win 