What comes to mind when you think McDonald’s? Cheap, yummy food that hits different after a heavy night out? Well scrap the cheap part (kind of), because McDonald’s is hiking the price of five menu items as of Wednesday 15 February. The fast food chain is blaming the cost of living crisis for the price increase, stating that it needs to increase customer charges due to rising energy bills and outgoing costs. We hate to be the bearers of bad news, but it’s some of our Maccies favourites that are about to get more expensive. McDonald’s Mayo Chicken is having the biggest cost increase from 99p to £1.19. That’s an increase of 20%. Also becoming more expensive is the Bacon Mayo Chicken which will be £1.79 instead of £1.59 – a rise of 12.6%. The Bacon Double Cheeseburger is now £2.69 instead of £2.49 while the Triple Cheeseburger has risen to £2.89 from £2.69. The price of any medium fizzy drink is also rising by 10p from £1.39 to £1.49. Your late night order just got a little more pricey – but this has happened before. McDonald’s shocked customers in July 2022 when it raised the price of its classic single cheeseburger for the first time in 14 years. It was increased from 99p to £1.19. But it’s not all bad news, because the fast food chain is also trialling a new range of Saver Meals in 120 of its South East of England stores. As of today, the 12-week trial will see the Cheeseburger, Mayo Chicken or Double Cheeseburger available with a side and a drink to form the Saver Meal. The Cheeseburger and Mayo Chicken Saver Meals will cost you £3.99, while the Double Cheeseburger will cost you £4.79. Come May 9, McDonald’s said it will consider rolling out the new saver menu nationwide if it proves to be popular. The fast food chain which has more than 1,200 sites across the UK said that ‘like many other businesses’ they are suffering due to the rising food and energy prices. However McDonald’s can only recommend how its franchises price their items, it can order them to introduce the cost increases so prices do vary across different restaurants. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The most common relationship dreams and what they mean MORE : Woman who loves the 1940s lives in a vintage home, cooks wartime food and listens to vinyl MORE : How to tell a loved one you’re concerned for their ‘chonky’ pet’s health