England’s Lionesses had a successful evening at The Best FIFA Awards 2022 ceremony as manager Sarina Wiegman, forward Beth Mead and goalkeeper Mary Earps all won trophies. Wiegman, who guided the Lionesses to success at Euro 2022 last summer as England beat Germany in a trilling final at Wembley, was named Best FIFA Women’s Coach for 2022. The win at Euro 2022 was England’s first major trophy since 1966 and the first-ever trophy for the Women’s side. Mead finished as the joint-top scorer with six goals at Euro 2022 and was crowned Player of the Tournament. The Arsenal forward was nominated for Best FIFA Women’s Player but lost out to Barcelona’s Alexia Putellas. Earps, who plays for Manchester United, was another key part of of England’s success at Euro 2022 and she was named as the goalkeeper in UEFA’s Team of the Tournament. Four Lionesses also made FIFA’s FIFPRO Women’s World XI including Mead, Lucy Bronze, Leah Williamson and Keira Walsh. After winning her award, Wiegman said: ‘From when I could walk I have loved football. ‘It’s just incredible to be right here and to celebrate women’s football. Little girls have their idols and inspirations. So many people across the world have worked so hard to get the game where it is right now. ‘As for last summer, the stadiums were full. Wembley was full and there were so many families in the stadiums celebrating football. Behind me is a big team. Without great players you are nowhere. ‘Last but not least, my family have seen me more on TV than at home. Thank you for supporting me.’ Earps looked stunned after she picked up her FIFA Best Women’s Goalkeeper trophy and said: ‘I feel really honoured to be holding this heavy trophy. ‘Thank you to my loved ones who picked me up off the kitchen floor a few years ago. ‘And to Sarina Wiegman, I have run out of words to say to you. Thank you for believing in me the way you have. This is for anyone who has been in a dark place. There is light at the end of the tunnel.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 