As the seasons start to change, we always get an itch for a fresh start. From our clothes to our makeup, we want to freshen things up after a long winter. And when it comes to our hair, the feelings are no different. Right about now many of us will be looking to change our locks. A new hairstyle is the ultimate confidence boost and puts a pep in your step. For those who like to stay on top of hair trends, this coming season is all about layers. Gone are the days of the blunt cut. Instead, hair has texture and movement, and one of the more popular styles to hit the beauty stage is the C-cut. Favoured by the likes of Sienna Miller, the cut is the more relaxed sister of the famous ‘Rachel’ haircut of the nineties. While Jennifer Aniston’s hair was sharp, this style is soft. So, how does one go about embracing such a style? Live True London’s expert stylist, Tyler Moore, says the cut does exactly what it says on the tin. ‘With the C-cut, the shortest layers start at the chin to frame the face and then gently curves into a ‘c’ shape at the bottom of the hair with gradually longer layers,’ Tyler says. For those who want their hair to look longer without the use of extensions, this cut is a smart move. ‘The C-cut can make hair appear longer because the layers are super soft and flowy, eliminating the harsh choppiness that can make some layered cuts look shorter than they actually are,’ he explains. ‘This also adds more body and fullness. And the great thing about this cut is that it can suit anyone. The layers bring attention to the jawline and frame the face beautifully. ‘A curtain fringe can be added if the client has a wider face.’ Those with fine hair tend to steer clear of layered cuts, but Tyler notes that this style can be worked to match thin hair too. ‘Because of the flowy nature of the layers, the cut doesn’t take away fullness and body from the hair,’ he says. ‘It’s safe for finer hair that tends to fall flat, and can be styled to be super bouncy and voluminous.’ Finally, when it comes to styling the cut on a daily basis, Tyler notes the process is simple. ‘These layers are easy to style thanks to the natural shape,’ he adds. ‘While you might need to pop into the salon for a trim more often to keep the layers fresh, styling this cut is not complicated. ‘We recommend a smooth and bouncy blow dry with a slight curve inwards at the ends to really show off those layers.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I had no idea my unhealthy diet and weight loss could lead to sudden hair loss MORE : Mum has hair and makeup done during labour to look glam for new mum photos MORE : Fun makeup to get you out of a winter beauty rut