Valentine’s Day is fast approaching, so if you’re hoping to book a restaurant it’s time to get booking. Unsure where to go? Don’t worry we have got you covered with a roundup of romantic spots around London and the suburbs. From special menus that are designed for Valentine’s Day, including the ‘Hey Lover’ dessert at Dirty Bones to a set menu with live music on offer at a beachside eatery, there’s plenty to choose from. And if none of these take your fancy, you can always check out the supermarket set-menus for dining in. American-style restaurant and cocktail bar Dirty Bones has launched a couple of new specials for Valentine’s Day. Designed to share, the ‘Hey Lover’ dessert features waffles, ice cream, strawberry pieces, freeze-dried strawberries, and white chocolate pieces and sauce. And you must try the Swipe Right cocktail– smooth and enticing, it’s made with Biscoff syrup, vanilla vodka, banana liqueur, Kahlúa and milk – dreamy. It’s available at locations in central London and Oxford, February 10-17. There’s no set price for dinner, but the lunch list starts from £10. Check out more here Be seduced by the sounds of the waves at Rockwater, in Hove, which is offering couples inclined towards romance a special Valentine’s Day menu and is easily accessible from the city. The beachside restaurant will provide live music, a menu featuring ten sharing plates, stunning roof-terrace views and cosy fireside cocktails. Dishes include brown butter scallops, pickled shimeji salmon and slow-roasted beef short rib, with vegan options also available. The cost is £100 per couple, which includes a glass of fizz on arrival. Check out more here What’s more desirable than an aphrodisiac on V-Day? London’s STK Steakhouses are offering an exclusive Bubble & Pearls special, comprising a glass of Dom Pérignon champagne served with an oyster topped with the finest caviar (£69pp, available February 10-14). Follow with a prime steak – from sirloin to rib-eye – or roasted lobster tail, black cod and mushroom and truffle pasta. Treat yourself to a strawberry cobbler cocktail with vodka, strawberry purée, lemon juice and sugar syrup. Check out more here Spoil yourselves with a delicious three-course set menu at The Ivy, available nationwide. After being greeted with a glass of Veuve Clicquot rosé champagne, choose from the likes of duck liver parfait, lobster linguine, grass-fed fillet of beef, or char-grilled halloumi with farro. Finish off with the decadent raspberry heart mille-feuille, an irresistible combo of white chocolate and puff pastry with a warm raspberry sauce. It’s available February from 10-19, for £75pp. Check out more here Get cosy and romantic without hoards of people around you for Valentines. There are firepits, bundles of blankets and plenty of delicious cocktails and food to warm your bellies – all while you have an undisrupted view of the Thames. At Vicinity the menu consists of our favourite restaurant comfort eats – Padron peppers, steak and chips, yummy veggies and of course a little sweet fix at the end in the form of a brownie or earl grey panacotta. There is no set menu but mains range from £11 to £26. If you want a firepit table there is a minimum spend of £150. Check out more here The rooftop bar at One Hundred Shoreditch offers a little quiet escape from the hustle and bustle of east London’s streets. Sit peacefully, sipping spicy margaritas while looking out over the capital’s skyline – it doesn’t get much more romantic than that, does it? However, you’ll have to time it right as outdoor terrace spots are a first-come first-served basis. The inside is less tranquil and more of an upbeat post-dinner vibe, with a DJ playing and moody lighting throughout (all highlighting the glowing skyline outside). Taking inspiration from Palm Springs, the décor feels playful – so expect pink colours and succulents galore. Both the food and drinks menus have a Mexican twist with lots of agave and lime-heavy cocktails – as well as tostada, taco and ceviche small plates. Prices range from £7 to £17 for food and cocktails average £13. Check out more here Let’s be real – they could serve any sort of food here and we’d still be booking ourselves a table for the view alone. For a more relaxed romantic evening why not try the Darwin Brasserie, or if you fancy something a little more refined book the Fenchurch Restaurant. If you’re in need of drinks rather than food then try the Sky Pod and City Garden bars which offer stunning skyline views. Sweep each other off your feet with an unparalleled view of London. The Darwin Brasserie offers a set menu at £54.50 pp for three courses, or £64.50 with a glass of Hattingley. The Fenchurch offers a Valentines menu at £155 pp. Check out more here If you’re a sucker for a tucked away romantic spot then The Bishop’s Vaults could be the perfect place for you to spend Valentines day. Located behind the infamous Dirty Dicks pub near Liverpool Street and steeped in history and charm, you and your partner can lose yourselves in this undiscovered speakeasy, set across two floors with a ground-floor bar and secret underground vaults. Choose from platters featuring the likes of Godminster cheddar and Cornish Nettle Yarg, all served with sourdough crackers, grapes, figs and chutneys. British charcuterie includes the likes of Dairy cow beef salami, Dorset Coppa and Islington saucisson, all paired with your favourite wines. The most expensive cheese and charcuterie boards come in at £18 each with the wines slightly on the pricey side. Check out more here This very cute gluten-free and vegan pizza place is nestled in Newington green. Plant Club has a lovely urban romantic vibe with candlelit tables and delicious food. Plus it’s very affordable for those couples looking to keep it reasonable. Perfect if you have a gluten allergy or follow a plant-based diet – this could be just the spot for those who struggle for options when it comes to eating out. Pizzas start at £12 with the most expensive main coming in at £17 – this meal is budget friendly. Check out more here MORE : The best (and worst) Valentine’s Day meal deals for 2023, from M&S to Aldi MORE : The best wines for Valentine’s Day – reds and rosés to set the mood