Stella Stevens has died at the age of 84 following a battle with Alzheimer’s disease. The actress was most known for her roles in The Poseidon Adventure and 1963 classic, The Nutty Professor. Her son, Andrew Stevens, confirmed the news of his loss to Deadline. Stevens’ manager and close friend, Maria Calabrese, also told the publication in a statement: ‘It was an honor and a privilege to work with Stella, who was one of the most wonderful and gifted people I have ever worked with. ‘While I truly wish I could have done more for her toward the latter years of her career and shared in her frustration as she so wanted to make the leap from a triple threat American icon to producer – her wish, never realized, was to have three original Western scripts produced. ‘She was an amazing animal lover, horse wrangler, rock and roller, so ahead of her time and so much more than a sex symbol – which her adoring fans admired her for and understood. ‘What a tremendous body of work and loss. She was the OG of strong Hollywood women.’ Fans shared tributes to the late star on social media, reflecting on some of her biggest screen moments. ‘A sad goodbye to veteran actress Stella Stevens, who as passed away at age 84,’ a follower wrote. ‘Had battled Alzheimers for several years, now at peace. Loved her in The Nutty Professor, The Silencers. #RIPStellaStevens.’ ‘Sorry to hear about the passing of Stella Stevens – she was a true comedic talent when she had a decent script,’ another agreed. One penned: ‘RIP Stella Stevens. My first memory of her is as the sexy, courageous, wisecracking Linda in The Poseidon adventure.’ ‘RIP Stella Stevens. She dazzled me in The Nutty Professor,’ a Twitter user shared. As a commenter added: ‘She was such a wonderful, underrated actress – game and touchingly silly in The Nutty Professor, sweet and subtly sad in Minnelli’s Courtship of Eddie’s Father, guarded and hauntingly needy in Cassavetes’ neglected Too Late Blues. RIP Stella Stevens.’ The Mississippi-native nurtured her talent for performing while studying at college, and made her film debut in 1959 in Say One For Me, starring alongside Bing Crosby. She impressed many in the role and went on to win the Golden Globe for most promising newcomer for the flick. In 1960, she went on to pose for Playboy, landing the coveted centerfold position in January of that year. Stevens went on to command attention in Girls! Girls! Girls! beside Elvis Presley, as well as The Courtship of Eddie’s Father and the Silencers. One of her most acclaimed roles came opposite Jerry Lewis in the original version of The Nutty Professor, in which she played smitten student Stella Purdy. She also delighted in The Poseidon Adventure, in 1972 – sharing the screen with Gene Hackman and Shelley Winters, with the film going on to land eight Oscar nominations and winning two. Stevens was also a staple on the small screen, with her TV credits including Magnum PI, Alfred Hitchcock Presents, Santa Barbara and The Commish. Her last TV role came in 2006’s Twenty Good Years, while her final film appearance was as Mary Jane in Megaconda, in 2010. The actress tied the knot with Noble Herman Stephens in 1954, when she was 16 years old – and they welcomed Andrew together the following year. It wasn’t to last and they called time on their marriage in 1957. She is survived by her son. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Creed III star Tessa Thompson reveals cast learnt sign language for deaf actress Mila Davis-Kent MORE : EastEnders confirms never before been done twist in highly-anticipated female led episode that will impact the rest of the year  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 