Valentine’s Day is nearly here, so you’ll want to get your skates on if you’ve got a crush you want to admit. Your best bet is to be honest and tell them what you like about them, but that’s not always easy when you’re nervous. With a little sorcery, however, you can enhance your confidence and even your powers of attraction. You can also find clarity over the strength of your connection, or banish negative energy for a more harmonious relationship. This romance season, get a helping hand with these simple, humble spells and rituals to help boost your love powers. If you are curious about the true nature of the chemistry or energy between you and someone else, then simply burn two new candles next to each other, one designated as you and one as them. You might need to cut them both down so they are not overly long-burning, or you could use tea lights. Observe closely how they burn. The nature of each flame reflects the intention, strength of feeling, and possible outcome of the person’s affections. For instance, if a flame burns steady and true then that reflects a loyal and strong affection. But maybe the other flame burns brighter but much quicker, ebbing out before the other and leaving a mess. Well, then, that person might have burnt out their passions and then exited, leaving behind an emotional chaos. Try it and see what you can interpret. Flame divination is an ancient art and there is lots of information about specific interpretation online if you wish to really explore this field. If you have an object of affection and you know their birthday, then you can use crystal energy to help attract their attention, simply by wearing or carrying around their birth stone. If you’re connected online, then perhaps keep the birthstone in your phone wallet or next to your laptop. This will draw them into your company or (virtual) presence, at which point you can use your own inestimable powers of allure to seal the deal! The birthstones are as follows: Sound is purifying, especially sharp, sudden, typically metallic sound, because its suddenness shakes up the atmosphere. Sound vibrations compel the objects and atmosphere to resonate in harmony with the frequency generated by the sound, which neutralises the space. This is really useful if you keep having arguments in a particular spot or want to stage the scene for a big talk with your other half. You can use anything to sound cleanse: a bell, a sound bowl, coins in a bag, rapping on a table top, drums, flicking an empty wine glass… whatever you have to hand will work. Even clapping. Head to the room you wish to cleanse and open the windows (to release any negative vibes you stir up). Maybe it’s your bedroom, the kitchen or the scene of a recent argument. Make the space pure again. Take your sound cleanser item/s and shake, rattle and roll them, firstly in the centre of the room, and then in each of the four corners. It’s important to listen to the tone of the sounds you create. The duller the noise, the denser and more clogged up that area is, and you may need to shake/rattle/roll several times before the sound becomes higher, clearer and cleaner. Visualisation and intention-setting is a powerful tool in manifesting your ideals in life. The brain can’t really tell the difference between real and intensely imagined experiences, so visualising what you want in technicolor detail can trick your mind into thinking it’s already here, and therefore start emitting the right signals, behaviours, and energies to attract such a thing in real life. Fridays are a really good day to conduct love visualisation because Venus rules over this day and Venus is the goddess of love and romance. She wants you to win! Choose an object that will become your portable love talisman (a crystal, piece of jewellery, lucky charm, keyring etc) and sit comfortably with it. Now close your eyes, breathe slowly and evenly, and with each exhale expel your tensions, stress, and everyday chattering thoughts. Slow down. Cleanse. When you feel relaxed, start to imagine your ‘vision of love’. It might be a specific type of person, or an initial encounter or date, or a shift in your current relationship. Make this daydream as detailed as possible (flesh out the landscape, action, sights, smells, feels, sounds etc. Make it bright, colourful and intense). Then, imagine this vision swirling from your mind’s eye, through your body and down into your arms and out from your hands and fingers into your object. This is now charging it with your wish, your desire, your vision. Carry your talisman with you for seven days and see what happens… when you have a spare moment, hold your talisman and relive your vision, to keep it charged and powerful. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A third of couples are staying home this Valentine’s Day amid cost of living crisis MORE : How your star sign can find love – and who with – this Valentine’s Day