Hannah Bryce swapped designer clothes and sample sales for wellies and waterproofs when she moved to the countryside with boyfriend Chris. Looking for a quieter life, the couple moved from a flat in London to a rented 300-year-old Hampshire cottage in 2020. The move spurred Hannah to start a business called Minnow And Wolf Flowers, producing flowers naturally, without pesticides. We live in an old cottage in east Hampshire. Our nearest village is Selborne, famous for its association with the 18th-century literary naturalist Gilbert White. We’re also about 15 minutes away from a really beautiful village called Chawton where Jane Austen lived and wrote many of her novels, so the area has lots of history and charm. I moved into the cottage with my boyfriend, Chris, and two dogs in 2020. We were living in London but felt it was time for a change and we needed more space. I’d been living in flats for as long as I can remember so the idea of having a house and a garden was heaven. It sounds silly but to have your own front door is a pretty big deal when you have lived in a shared building for so long. The cottage is full of charm. It has a cute little tiled footpath leading up to the front door and a beautiful pink rambling rose by the entrance. The ceilings are incredibly low so you have to watch your head in certain places. The living room has an open fire and the dining room/office has a wood burner which warms the whole cottage. One of our favourite things to do is cut our own logs from fallen trees in the woodland surrounding the house. It’s satisfying and free, which is a huge bonus when energy prices are so high. We also have a small boot room and a pantry which I love. We pay the same amount for the cottage as we did for our London flat. Rent is £1,500 and then £355 for Ecotricity, council tax and water. The cottage is small – just two bedrooms – but it is detached and with the garden so it feels so much bigger. I had always had a passion for gardening and loved tending to my pots in my small London garden but moving to Hampshire I realised I could do so much more. For the first two years, I spent my spare time gardening and taking courses to learn as much as I could about horticulture. I swapped London art galleries for The National Garden Scheme open days, looking around other people’s gardens. This was an incredible source of inspiration for our garden but was also a way to get to know the area. Luckily we have really lovely landlords who have become friends. They love our passion and enthusiasm for gardening and have given us free rein. It was while enjoying a bottle of wine with our landlady last summer that the idea for the flower farm was born. Our landlords live next door and have a lot of land, including a field at the end of the garden. The field has solar panels at one end but the rest was not being used so we fenced-off one acre. We’ve added two polytunnels, a vegetable patch and an area for our hens. I’m also taking a beekeeping course at Gilbert White’s House and plan to get two hives this summer. It’s been a busy few months getting the field ready for our first season as flower farmers. It was completely empty. The walls are painted a pale grey throughout. The two bedrooms have carpets. Downstairs is mostly red tiled floors. We’ve added shelving and a touch of colour to the dining room, and the wood burning stove last year. All the furniture and artwork is ours. I love vintage and antique finds, from old Parmesan boards used for shelving to Fulham pottery for displaying flowers. In an ideal world we would buy an old farmhouse with land and lots of outbuildings so we can expand the flower farm and have space for storing, conditioning and arranging flowers. I love old properties as they have so much character and history. My dreams are big, sadly much bigger than my budget. So renting the cottage is the perfect solution. On a huge scale. Life in Hampshire is very different. In London I was addicted to sample sales, buying designer clothes and shoes and meeting friends for dinner or going to events and openings most evenings. Now I mainly wear wellies and waterproofs. My hands are covered in mud and I rarely go out, unless it’s to the local pub, which is rare. I ride a horse for a friend, walk the dogs in the woods and spend most of my day in the field building the flower farm. By 9pm I’m ready for bed. I feel calm. It’s quiet so I don’t have to worry about neighbours coming home late and waking me up as they slam the front door or hear them doing a workout above the living room as I’m eating dinner. I know when I go to bed I’ll sleep peacefully. Quiet, fresh air, being surrounded by nature, my awareness of the seasons, the stars, growing my own food, seeing the dogs basking in the sun or sitting by the fire and looking content. It’s beautiful. I ride Archie [the horse] around Empshott and Newton Valence. Honestly, it’s some of the most beautiful countryside I’ve ever seen. Especially in the spring when the fields are full of wildflowers. The houses around here are incredible, like something from a Jane Austen novel, and the gardens are to die for. Find out more about Minnow and Wolf Flowers here MORE : Banker makes £7,000 renting out two parking spaces next to his London flat MORE : Average rent in London hits a record £2,480 per month