The Moon is angling towards a Venus and Neptune tie which could impact your day. For Taurus, with Venus your guide planet and nebulous Neptune in the mix, a budding friendship or romance could take more than it gives. Meanwhile for Libra, there is a chance that you may feel guilty for taking a firm approach to someone’s request. If you sense they are just taking advantage, steer clear. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 15, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 You may think you know what you want? But do you, Aries? Your feelings can play tricks on you, especially now when the pearly Moon angles towards a Venus/Neptune tie. You could keep changing your mind or find that even if your desire is strong, you don’t have the belief in yourself to make it happen. You do have imagination, so visualizing vividly is a good start. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 An attraction to someone could take up a lot of time and energy, so first consider if this is something that might have mileage. With Venus your guide planet and nebulous Neptune in the mix, this budding friendship or romance could take more than it gives. This combination of energies also encourages a compassionate approach that can find you overlooking fatal flaws. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Don’t be in too much of a rush to agree to an offer or plan which might not be as great as it seems. While it can appeal on many levels, there may be reasons why it’s best avoided, until you can make an informed decision. Remember that all that glitters is not gold! It might entice you by offering a way to make money or be successful in double quick time. It may also cost you dear. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Ready for change? You may feel you’ve already been through enough on this score over recent weeks. But with the Sun and Saturn in your sector of transformation, this combination of energies is going to make sure you take note. Something may come to a head in a way that you can’t ignore. And yet you’ll be given insights that are so clear, you’ll know just what to do. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may be tempted to rush into a contract or creative project, fuelled by dreams of what could be. And what is on offer might be very enticing indeed, Leo. But will it be good for you? Before you commit, consider discussing this with someone who is completely detached from it. Their perspective could be invaluable in helping you to weigh up the pros and cons in no time at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You could get a small gift or surprise windfall that adds a pleasant touch to your day, and leaves you with the feeling that life is on your side. This might be a good time to entertain and enjoy a get-together of family or friends, as you know how to make others feel special. Someone could ask you for something that seems a step too far, Virgo. If you don’t want to do it, just say no. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A side of you could relish getting out and about, and enjoying a romantic break or the pleasures of dating. Even so, you might experience a conflict regarding boundaries and when to enforce them. As Venus aligns with hazy Neptune, there is a chance that you may feel guilty for taking a firm approach to someone’s request. If you sense they are just taking advantage, steer clear. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A Sun/Saturn presence in your home zone, can be an opportunity to take a step back from life and view it from a fresh perspective. While you’ll likely still be busy, the coming weeks can be a chance to tune into your emotions, providing valuable guidance on how you really feel about key issues. Drawn to someone for friendship or romance? There’s more to them than you’re seeing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 This could be one of the better times for networking, marketing your services or boosting an online business. And if you need advice, the right people could easily be found. Regarding family matters though, it may be difficult to discern what is going on, and a situation might seem to get more complex the more you try to straighten it out. With patience, it might resolve itself, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Ready to live to your full potential? If so, don’t let feelings related to past experiences stand in the way of success. Just as you’re about to venture into the unknown, you may be assailed by memories of difficult experiences. If you need support, then the help of a life coach or teacher might give you the confidence necessary to forge ahead and discover your inner adventurer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 As the Sun continues in your sign, it can inspire you to boldly make the most of your talents and push ahead with your plans. This is a time to enjoy being selfish, and to get involved with those ideas and relationships that bring personal satisfaction. Regarding your finances though, don’t commit to an expensive purchase, as you might not use it as much as you think, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 This is very much a time for tying up loose ends and finding closure on lingering issues, so that you can start a new chapter when the Sun enters your sign later this week. Have new plans and projects in mind? Research your options, but don’t commit to anything just yet. A beguiling Neptune aspect suggests you could fall into a trap, just because something seems so alluring. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 12 to February 18 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023