S Club 7 star Bradley McIntosh showed off a chiselled physique on social media amid the group’s reunion tour announcement. The 41-year-old singer posed for gym snaps and shared his progress with his Instagram followers on Tuesday. Admittedly losing form while he took a break, the S Clubber revealed he would ‘never quit’ the gym and was determined to get back to it. Bradley updated his fans with a shirtless photo and a caption that read: ‘It’s amazing how quick you can lose months worth of hard work! But i never quit!! Back on this! @kingsgymofficial [sic].’ His upload came after the 90s pop sensation revealed the news of their reunion tour to mark their 25th anniversary. Revealing their excitement at getting back on the road, the news included details of an 11-date tour stopping in the likes of London’s O2 Arena, Dublin and Manchester. Bradley rose to fame with the seven-piece group who took the world by storm with their catchy hits and ultimately sold 10million albums. Following his time with S Club 7, Bradley continued his pop star career and formed another band on MTV’s Totally Boyband. Dubbed Upper Street, the new ensemble included members from other similar disbanded groups such as Steps, Another Level and 911. After his new group managed to secure number 35 in the UK charts with their single The One, the famous face tried his hand at penning music – writing tracks for JLS and Sugababes’ Mutya Buena. Outside of the music industry, the star become an entrepreneur and ran Citiboy Entertainment alongside acting as a company director of Yoghurt Media. All seven members of the fan-favourite band agreed to come together to tour once more and said of their upcoming shows: ‘After eight years it feels amazing to announce that we’re reuniting and performing together again. ‘We’re so excited to bring the S Club Party back to our fans across the country to celebrate 25 years of S Club 7. We can’t even believe it’s been so long! ‘Music and friendship have always been at the core of everything that we’ve ever done. We hope everyone can join us for one big party!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : S Club 7 reunion news stirs up iconic video of band being dragged out of Claudia Winkleman interview MORE : S Club 7’s Tina Barrett shatters illusion behind cult classic TV show Miami 7: ‘It wasn’t as glamorous as it looked’ 