Rihanna will take centre stage at this year’s Oscars with the popstar set to perform during the show. Fresh from her epic Super Bowl halftime show set, Rihanna, 35, will be returning to the stage sooner than many expected with the Academy Awards taking place on March 12. It will be the first time Rihanna has ever performed at the Oscars and will also see the singer give her first live performance of Lift Up Me, the ballad she recorded for the Black Panther: Wakanda Forever soundtrack. Lift Me Up, performed and written by the powerhouse team of Rihanna, Ryan Coogler, Tems and Ludwig Goransson, is also nominated for best original song. Black Panther director Ryan recently revealed how he managed to entice Rihanna to return to music for the soundtrack, as she had not released anything new since her 2016 album Anti. Sharing how the tear-jerking lullaby-sounding ballad came about, the filmmaker said at a press conference in October: ‘I can’t take sole credit for that. We got an incredible composer, Ludwig Goransson, who is also a music producer, he’s got a great reputation. He made This Is America with Childish Gambino. ‘The movie was a major factor, big thanks to Jay Brown, Roc Nation and Jay Z who’s a friend and made the connection.’ He continued: ‘Look, Rihanna has given us a whole career, a whole catalogue of music and now she’s given us make-up and clothing and I think the world would understand if she hung up her mic, and I completely understand because I love her music and I feel that she’s given all that [we] could ask for. ‘But the truth is we were looking for a great artist who could tell the story of the film, embrace the themes of the film and present them to the audience in a different packaging.’ Rihanna can’t keep away from the stage these days as she just headlined the NFL’s Super Bowl halftime show in Arizona, her first live show in over six years. She dished out the hits including Umbrella, Work, Rude Boy, Where Have You Been and Diamonds, and – even more importantly – announced she is pregnant with her second child with boyfriend A$AP Rocky. The couple welcomed their first child, a baby boy, in May 2022. The Oscars will air live from the Dolby Theatre in California on March 12. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 