Michael B Jordan apologized to his mother after making his Calvin Klein debut in a sensational new campaign. The Hollywood actor sent fans into meltdown when he unveiled the images this week, showing him posing in just a pair of boxers. The 36-year-old’s followers were living for the photos, taken by photographers Mert & Marcus, however, he had to warn his mom before they dropped. Appearing on the red carpet for the Creed III premiere on Monday in LA, he was questioned about the campaign and his thoughts on the finished product. ‘I was like, my mamma’s gonna have to see this,’ he joked to Entertainment Tonight. ‘Let me call her and be like, “I’m sorry. It’s out here. Got my business all out in the streets – literally”. ‘This was a moment. Just to have everything coming together at one time, it feels great. ‘Being able to share that moment with my other actors who are having a moment of their own as well, it just feels special. ‘It feels like everything is happening at the right time.’ Aside from basically shattering the internet, Michael is having a whale of a time professionally, having both directed and starred in the latest Creed sequel. The flick, also starring Jonathan Majors and Tessa Thompson, marked his directorial debut and his third outing in the role. ‘My directorial debut?! That still sounds crazy to say but there’s no film that has been more personal to me and no film I’ve felt more ready to steer,’ he said on Instagram at the time. ‘Excited to share the first trailer for Creed 3. To my cast & crew, thank you for working so hard to continue the legacy of the franchise.’ Michael already has his eye on his next project behind the camera, revealing that he has a few genres in mind. ‘I’m playing around with a couple of genres that I like that interest me,’ he told Collider. ‘I’m not sure which way I want to go yet, but there’s a few. ‘Phone’s ringed a couple of times, which is shocking, but also very humbling. I guess the work is speaking for itself, so that’s pretty cool.’ Creed 3 will be released in cinemas on March 3. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Riley Keough was in ‘tears for a week’ after watching Austin Butler play her grandfather Elvis Presley MORE : Shakira throws shade at ex Gerard Piqué and his new 23-year-old girlfriend again  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.