Graham Potter has defended Chelsea’s lavish spending spree this season after rival managers Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola criticised the Blues. The Chelsea signed eight players in the January window at a cost of around £296million, ending their flurry on deadline day by breaking the British transfer record with a £107m deal for Enzo Fernandez from Benfica. Combined with their outlay last summer, Todd Boehly has now spent roughly £550m this campaign – the most amount of money spent in a single season by a European club in history. This transfer policy has been widely derided and much has been made about how Chelsea have exploited a loophole to spend so much while still complying with Financial Fair Play rules. On Friday, Klopp and Guardiola both hit out at Chelsea for different reasons, with the Liverpool boss confused as to how they have been able to legally spend so much, jokingly adding: ‘I’ll say nothing without my lawyer!’ The Manchester City manager meanwhile was more scathing, claiming that his club had been unfairly targeted in the past for their big spending. Following Chelsea’s goalless draw with Fulham on Friday night, Potter was asked for his opinion on his rivals’ comments and was questioned over whether he fully understood how his side were complying with FFP. He replied: ‘Yeah I do. And I think you’ve got to look at it all in terms of an investment, in terms of transfer fees and salaries. ‘Because sometimes you can sign a player for less of a transfer fee but their salaries are enormous. ‘So it just depends on how you structure, how you structure the deal, but we’re confident with what we’re doing. ‘I think the [recruitment] guys have done a good job, the club have done a really, really good, and now my job is to improve the team.’ After the disappointment of the draw with local rivals Fulham, Potter will certainly be hoping to improve his vast squad ahead of their next game against West Ham next Saturday. The Blues are currently ninth in the table, nine points off the top four. MORE : Jamie Carragher names Chelsea’s two ‘glaring problems’ after spending £600million on transfers MORE : Crystal Palace boss Patrick Vieira explains why he signed Arsenal star Albert Sambi Lokonga For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 