This is the moment yet another tourist invoked the wrath of locals after climbing the steps of an ancient Mayan temple in Mexico. Footage taken by onlookers shows a Polish traveller being escorted off the Temple of Kukulcan at the Yucatan State archeological site of Chichen Itza. He was quickly surrounded by a crowd at the bottom of the steps and abused. Moments later a bare-chested man in shorts and sandals, seen resting a long stick on his shoulder, approached from behind and whacked him over the back of the head with it. It comes after a female holidaymaker was pelted with water bottles by a furious crowd calling for her sacrifice for trespassing on the 82ft pyramid. Daniel Fretwell was one of many filming the latest incident unfold. ‘I could hear and see maybe 30 or 40 people shouting “no, no come down, don’t do it, no”. People were whistling trying to draw the man’s attention that he was doing wrong,” he said. ‘After we left we saw the man being taken away in an unmarked vehicle. The tour guide told us he will face a heavy fine.’ The man is said to have been fined £212 (5,000 pesos) after being held in custody for around 12 hours. He is understood to have told the authorities he accessed the non-authorised area to take photos and post them on his social media. Local reports described the stick-holder as another tourist, although it was not immediately clear if he was Mexican or a foreigner. The Mexican woman who found herself in hot water in November after the same stunt also received the same fine of just over £200 after being held for several hours. She was named locally at the time as 29-year-old Abigail Villalobos, and nicknamed Lady Chichen Itza. The Temple of Kukulcan is a Mesoamerican step-pyramid that dominates the centre of the Chichen Itza archaeological site. It is more formally designated by archaeologists as Chichen Itza Structure 5B18. All four sides of the temple have approximately 91 steps. Climbing them has been banned since 2008. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.