Ashton Kutcher has addressed his former That ’70s Show costar Danny Masterson’s ongoing rape trial. Masterson, 46, was charged with the rape of three women, including a former girlfriend, in his Hollywood Hills home between 2001 and 2003. He pleaded not guilty and his lawyer said the acts were all consensual. Kutcher – who has worked alongside Masterson on the hit sitcom and Netflix’s The Ranch – shared that he doesn’t have the ‘space to comment’ on the situation. The No Strings Attached actor, 44,  said that he would like Masterson to be ‘found innocent’ of the charges brought against him, while also sharing his support for the victims. ‘I’m not the judge. I’m not the jury. I’m not the DA. I’m not the victim. And I’m not the accused. And so, in that case, I don’t have a space to comment,’ he told Esquire. ‘Someday, his kid is going to read about this,’ he added. Masterson, who shares an eight-year-old daughter with wife Bijou Phillips, was initially accused of sexual assault in 2017, which he denied at the time as ‘outrageous allegations’. Last November, a judge declared a mistrial after jurors said they were ‘hopelessly deadlocked’ at Masterson’s trial. A spokesperson for the Los Angeles District Attorney’s Office said in a statement to Us Weekly: ‘While we are disappointed with the outcome in this trial, we thank the jurors for their service. We also want to give our heartfelt appreciation to the victims for bravely stepping forward and recounting their harrowing experiences. ‘We also are thankful for the hard work of the prosecution team and we will now consider our next steps as it relates to prosecuting this case.’ If convicted, Masterson would face a maximum of 45 years to life in a state prison. Netflix recently released the That ’70s Show spin-off titled That ’90s Show with Kutcher, his wife Mila Kunis and Debra Jo Rupp reprising their roles. Masterson – who played Steven Hyde in the original sitcom – was not invited to star in the reboot. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ashton Kutcher recalls avoiding romance with wife Mila Kunis on That ’70s Show due to couple’s awkward age gap MORE : Ashton Kutcher admits Demi Moore divorce made him feel like a ‘failure’ and taught him to ‘own’ his mistakes  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 