George Pattison, who is believed to have murdered his wife Emma Pattison and daughter Lettie before killing himself, died of a ‘shotgun wound to the head.’ An inquest, at Surrey Coroner’s Court, opened today. Emma, 45, her daughter Lettie and George, 39, were found dead at their home on the Surrey private school’s grounds in Surrey on February 5. Opening the inquest into Mr Pattison’s death on Tuesday, coroner Simon Wickens said: ‘I would like to offer my deepest sympathies to George’s wider family at this difficult time.’ Mr Pattison’s post-mortem examination was done by Dr Ashley Fegan-Earle at East Surrey Hospital three days after the shooting, coroner’s officer Kelly Truss told Surrey Coroner’s Court. The cause of death was given as a ‘shotgun wound to the head’, she said. Following their deaths, Mrs Pattison and Lettie’s loved ones said: ‘To see the esteem in which Emma is held by all who knew her is an enormous comfort. ‘She was everything one could hope for in a daughter, sister, mother, wife, friend, teacher and so much more. We are an extremely close family and family was at the centre of Emma and Lettie’s universe. ‘The Epsom College community had become part of that universe for them both. ‘Seven-year-old Lettie was Emma’s pride and joy: an adorable, vibrant little girl with a compelling curiosity, a heart-melting smile and an intellect beyond her years. ‘The two of them were inseparable and we take comfort in that they will remain so. ‘Emma had a warm, welcoming smile and sparkling, blue eyes, full of optimism. Over the last 11 days we’ve noticed the sky has been bright blue, with at times a warm glow of pink.’ The family’s statement also thanked well-wishers for their messages of support. A firearm legally registered to Mr Pattison, 39, was found at the scene, Surrey Police said. Live ammunition is not kept at the school rifle range, it has been reported. Mr Wickens fixed a date for a pre-inquest review hearing on June 27. School staff reportedly phoned emergency services after hearing gunshots tearing through the early morning silence on February 5. Following the family’s deaths, a neighbour described Emma and Lottie both as a warm presence. ‘You used to hear her playing in the garden, she was always asking them questions and just seemed like a happy, inquisitive little girl,’ they told the Telegraph. Another local woman said Lettie was particularly fond of her dog: ‘She was just a typical, well brought-up, lovely little girl. It’s just tragic.’ Officers confirmed the family’s pet Labrador, Bella, survived the ordeal and is being looked after by relatives. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.