Russia’s Wagner group has disputed footage appearing to show the killing of a Crimean mercenary with a sledgehammer for defecting. A video of the brutal execution, captioned ‘Video from the court for treason’, was published on the Grey Zone Telegram channel, which is linked to the organisation. It shows a man with his head taped to a number of blocks beside a concrete wall, as a figure lurks behind him holding the weapon, but it has not yet been verified. The man can be heard identifying himself as Crimea-born Dmitry Yakushchenko, 44. But a new video, released by Wagner’s founder Yevgeny Prigozhin, the soldier says, ‘I was forgiven’. It shows Yakushchenko after his prisoner swap from Ukraine claiming he had been ‘forgiven’ by Wagner for his ‘mistakes’. He says: ‘At Wagner, everyone has the right to correct their mistakes. When I was captured [by Ukraine], I said a lot of bull****. And I’m still ashamed of it. ‘But it was the only way I could survive. When I came out of captivity, I brought a lot of valuable information that saved a lot of men’s lives. So I was forgiven, for which I am very grateful.’ It is still unclear when the second video was captured. There is also no definitive proof that Yakushchenko is alive. Prigozhin himself gave a rambling answer when asked about the execution. ‘Don’t take everything so sadly. The kids are having fun,’ he said. Reports in Russia suggest Yakushchenko was serving a 19-year sentence for murder and robbery when he was recruited to join Vladimir Putin’s army, as part of a scheme that would offer him a pardon if he survived for six months. In the first section of the video of his alleged execution, he appears to be interviewed by Ukrainians, explaining how he escaped after being put on the frontline. He says: ‘My fourth day started, I took my machine gun, some magazines, [and] a couple of grenades…. ‘I crawled somewhere and lay down until the shooting stopped, drones were flying.’ He kept moving his position and he ‘turned out to be on the Ukrainian side’. Yakushchenko told his interrogators he hoped Crimea would one day return to Ukraine, and urged more Russians to defect. Between that part of the video being filmed and the next, Yakushchenko was handed back over to Russia as part of a prisoner exchange. Now being held by the Wagner Group, he faces the camera and says: ‘I was in the streets of the city of Dnipro where I got hit on the head and lost consciousness. ‘I woke up in this room and was told I would be tried.’ The figure behind him then swings the sledgehammer towards his head, but the apparent violence is blurred out. A loud noise can be heard and Yakushchenko collapses to the floor, before the sledgehammer is swung at him twice more. A caption then appears on the video which says: ‘The court session is declared closed.’ The brutal execution mirrors that of Yevgenny Nuzhin, another mercenary for the Wagner Group who was also accused of desertion. Yevgeny Prigozhin, the boss of the paramilitary organisation and a close confidant of Putin, later claimed to have sent a sledgehammer smeared with fake blood to the European Parliament. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.