Welcome to Metro.co.uk‘s The Big Questions, where we ask, well, the big questions (and the smaller ones too), and this week, we’re diving deep with Al Murray. You don’t need us to tell you who the 54-year-old is, after all, he’s one of Britain’s most treasured comedians. Perhaps best known for his side-splitting turn as The Pub Landlord – everyone’s favourite little Englander – Al’s been a staple on the UK comedy scene for decades and the award-winning funnyman’s showing no sign of slowing down. Not only has he been hard at work writing Spitting Image’s return alongside Matt Forde and Sean Foley, but he’s recorded over 500 episodes of We Have Ways of Making You Talk, the history podcast he hosts with historian James Holland, *and* he’s headlining the Royal Albert Hall in May. But that’s not all, the star has also teamed up with Sega to mark the launch of the critically-acclaimed game Company of Heroes 3 and even helped deliver the game via pigeon post to fans. As he gears up for a chockablock few months, Al let Metro.co.uk have a pick of his brain. What’s the most stressful thing on your to-do list this week? Taking my car back. I got a new car last year and I hate it. There’s something really weird about taking a car back and going, ‘I hate this car’. I just hate it. That goddamn car. It’s too big, it’s got a load of automated systems on it that just drive me completely mad. I can’t park it because it’s so big; I can’t tell where the edges are. But when you go into a garage and say things like that, you sound really wet. I didn’t go in and say, ‘I want a new [car]’. I didn’t wanna replace it, I just said, ‘You can have it back, here are the keys, here’s the paperwork, keep it’. I hate the bloody thing. Let’s talk about Spitting Image. The puppets are going on tour and you’ve written their return. The show’s had backlash over the years, can you comment on that? I wouldn’t be working on that show if I cared about the backlash. I just don’t care. You can’t care, because otherwise, you’ll end up going, ‘Oh no, we can’t make any of this’. I’m pretty much cut out like that anyway with the comedy I do. So taking that attitude somewhere else hasn’t been that big a deal. What would ten-year-old Al think of 54-year-old Al? I just don’t think he’d believe it. I don’t think he’d believe where I ended up. When I was 20 and I thought, ‘Maybe I want to try being a comedian’ I had no idea how I was going to go about it. I had no idea how you did it, I didn’t even know you could be one. There were comedians on the telly, but you thought, ‘Well, those jobs have gone, I can’t get that job because they’ve already got it’. So I think the ten-year-old me would be pretty amazed. If you weren’t a comedian, what would you be doing? I think I’d be a history teacher at a minor public school where I didn’t need a teaching qualification. You’re partnering up with Sega on the World War II strategy game Company of Heroes 3. What excites you about that? What’s truly cool about this Sega game is seeing historical events reimagined in the form of a strategy video game. I don’t play a lot of video games, mainly because then I don’t do anything else, but I do play ones that hook me like this. James Holland [who Al co-hosts We Have Ways Of Making You Talk with] is writing a book about the campaigns in this video game, so it’s really interesting to see this stuff reimagined for people who might not know about it. Video games [about] WWII, some people get nervous about war being represented in this way, but I think if it draws you in and stimulates you and makes you understand how this stuff works, it’s pretty cool. Seeing as you’re a bonafide history buff, do you have any thoughts on calls to rebalance curriculums in classrooms as far as the topic of Empire and its legacy goes? If you apply it to WWII, the only reason the UK was on the winning side was because it was the central node of the British Empire. So if you want to go, ‘Hurray! We won the Second World War and beat the nazis’, you need to know how we were able to do that. It obliges you to know the history of the Empire and how it all worked. What’s interesting when you delve into that is [learning about] the UK’s relationship with all the different parts of the Empire. [It] was different because of the way the history turned out in those different places. The politics and experiences of Australia are not like that of South Africa, which are not like New Zealand, which are not like Canada, which are not like Jamaica – it’s all different, so you need to know about that. I find resistance to figuring this out kind of perplexing because it is our history. There are no two ways about it. You can fairly say that contemporary people now are not responsible for what happened in Jamaica in the 1830s during the Baptist War or Australia in the late 18th century. But you still need to know it, to see what it surmounts to. Something like WWII people think is clear cut and simple, people think, ‘I love the Spitfire, designed by a British engineer’. Yes, but that company was only able to do that because it had imperial resources. Do you have a favourite one-liner? The Tim Vine line: I went on one of those once in a lifetime holidays, I tell you what, never again. What’s the biggest misconception people have about you? I’ve been doing The Pub Landlord for nearly 30 years. It does amaze me that some people think that’s me.