Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti admitted he would consider marrying girlfriend and fellow reality star Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. The 27-year-old revealed the couple – who met on the dating show in 2022 – were heading in the direction of big life decisions as they planned to celebrate Valentine’s Day with a romantic getaway. Following Ekin-Su’s departure from Dancing on Ice, the Italian fan-favourite explained he was shifting around his plans for the celebratory day of love so that he could whisk his partner, 28, off to the sunshine. The brunette beauty was booted out of the ice-skating competition on Sunday night after battling it out against EastEnders’ Patsy Palmer in the skate-off. During a La Gioiosa prosecco event at Covent Garden’s Bunga Bunga, Davide opened up about the status of his relationship and his glittering plans for the future. He exclusively told Metro.co.uk: ‘I did the show because I wanted to find a genuine person. ‘I wanted to find love and now I feel like I’ve got everything I’ve been asking for. I find myself really good with Ekin. ‘We’ve got really good intentions for the future, we’re probably going to get married so I feel like I’ve got everything I wanted.’ The star went on to share his plans for Valentine’s Day now that Ekin-Su won’t be tied up in ice-skating training. ‘My Valentine’s Day plans have changed a bit in the last few days because of Ekin going out from Dancing on Ice,’ he began. Davide continued: ‘I had something planned for the 14th night, a special dinner and a little surprise that I can’t reveal but I feel like I’m going to make this dinner a bit in advance now because we are planning to go on holiday on Tuesday. ‘That’s why our plans have changed because she came off the show, we couldn’t go on holiday before but now we are deciding to go, maybe to the Maldives.’ The famous face then spoke candidly about his lack of worries when it came to the next batch of villa residents exiting the popular reality show. ‘I never thought about being less relevant when the next Love Island contestants leave the villa. ‘I like to think about myself and not compare myself to anyone and I feel that people appreciated me and my personality on my season. ‘I’m still going to be Davide, I still have my experience and I’ll remember it for the good time that it was – I don’t like to think in terms of my popularity.’ Davide left fans with a tip about how to please their partners this Valentine’s Day: ‘What I usually say, maybe go for a rosé La Gioiosa prosecco so you make sure your partner will love it. ‘Even if they’re not a big drinker, everyone appreciates a good rosé!’ Learn more about La Gioiosa prosecco via their website and @lagioiosa_uk. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu joined by shirtless boyfriend Davide Sanclimenti for steamy snog in disco Dancing On Ice routine MORE : Davide Sanclimenti almost drops Ekin-Su Culculogu while practising risky Dancing On Ice lift 