Tamer Hassan has revealed his family have been found safe after going missing during the devastating earthquakes in Turkey and Syria. The British-Turkish actor’s family were missing after a 7.8-magnitude quake hit the country this week. He recently told Sky News that he had family members in the area who had not been found, and he was ‘not hopeful.’ However he has now confirmed that his family ‘have been pulled from the rubble and they are safe.’ Again speaking to Sky News, the film star said: ‘We learned in the early hours of the morning that they’d been found. ‘We are very happy for that. We’re very relieved.’ He continued: ‘We haven’t had too much information but we know they’ve been pulled from the rubble and they’re safe at the moment, which we’re very thankful for.’ Tamer went on to thank everyone for their ‘well-wishes and prayers,’ adding he is ‘so, so relieved.’ He admitted that it was ‘bittersweet’ because of ‘the amount of people’ still trapped underneath the rubble. ‘We still have family, friends, people we know, still out there under the rubble, still missing, which is bittersweet but we’re very relieved, thank you.’ ‘But they’ve been found. We’re happy.’ The death toll from the two devastating earthquakes, which hit within hours of each other, has risen to over 20,000 people between Turkey and Syria, with rescuers still working through the night to find survivors. Football Factory star Tamer, the father of Love Island’s Belle Hassan, revealed this week he would be flying out to join the search effort, choking up as he explained his personal worries. ‘We have family missing. Due to the cold weather, we’re not hopeful. We’re quite worried,’ he said in an interview on Thursday, before pleading for donations to help the rescue effort. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tamer Hassan’s family ‘pulled from the rubble’ and are ‘safe’ after going missing in Turkish earthquake MORE : Baby born under rubble of Turkey-Syria quake given Arabic name for ‘miracle’ 