Marcus Rashford is a doubt for Manchester United’s Carabao Cup final against Newcastle United on Sunday. Rashford suffered a knock in the second-half of United’s 2-1 victory over Barcelona on Thursday with Erik ten Hag’s side sealing a 4-3 aggregate victory to book their place in the last 16 of the Europa League. Late in the second-half, the 25-year-old was on the receiving end of a tough but fair challenge from Ronald Araujo, thwarting a counter attack but leaving the United star needing treatment. Rashford was replaced after 88 minutes by Scott McTominay, removing his left boot as he left the pitch. Late on Thursday night, the forward shared an image of him coming off with an injured emoji, sparking fears over his availability for the trip to Wembley this weekend. Addressing the press on Friday afternoon, ten Hag explained the club face a nervous wait to learn if their star man will be available. ‘I don’t know, players now are coming in, we have to do medical investigations,’ ten Hag said. ‘Yesterday we did but it was so soon after the game we have to wait for a 100 per cent diagnosis. We have to wait.’ Rashford has been the most prolific forward in Europe since club football returned after the World Cup, scoring 16 times in a sensational run of form. Should the England international be unavailable, ten Hag will face a major headache up front having also confirmed Anthony Martial will not be involved on Sunday. Martial has struggled with a hip problem in recent weeks having only returned after a seven game absence off the bench against Nottingham Forest earlier this month. United were boosted by the return of Antony on Thursday night with the Brazil international coming off the bench to score the goal that sent his side through to the last 16 of the Europa League. They face more Spanish opposition in the next stage of the competition having been paired with Real Betis in Friday’s draw. MORE : Marcus Rashford sparks injury fear with Instagram post ahead of Carabao Cup final against Newcastle MORE : Andy Cole insists Casemiro and Marcus Rashford wouldn’t get in Manchester United’s 1999 Treble-winning side For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 