The King’s Coronation is just two months away, so you might be starting to plan how you’ll be celebrating. For such a grand occasion, you’d be right to assume that coronation chicken might feature as a big part of the day – previously taking centre stage at Queen Elizabeth II’s event. But, according to the official website, it doesn’t make an appearance in suggested recipes to honor King Charles. Instead two other foods get a coronation twist: the first is a roast rack of lamb with an Asian-style marinade from chef Ken Hom, while the second is a griddled aubergine from Nadiya Hussain – which tastes great on the BBQ, too. Dessert by Adam Handling deviates from tradition too, with a fresh and zingy strawberry and ginger trifle. There’s certainly plenty of food for thought if you’re planning to how celebrate the upcoming royal celebration. But it’s worth pointing out that each one requires a fair amount of ingredients – with the trifle featuring 26 ingredients (including 16 egg yolks). You can find the full recipe for that here. The two savoury options can be found below: See the full recipe here. Ingredients  Method 1. Season each rack of lamb with salt and pepper. Now brown each rack of lamb in a nonstick pan with peanut oil for 5 minutes, turning frequently. Allow the lamb to cool. 2. Mix the marinade ingredients in a small bowl and rub the mixture on the racks with a rubber spatula. Marinate for 1 hour. 3. Preheat the oven to 230c (450 degrees, Gas Mark 8). Place the lamb racks in a roasting pan. Moisten the fresh or dry sage leaves with some water and scatter them over the lamb racks. Reduce the heat to 200c (400 degrees, Gas Mark 6) cover the lamb racks with foil, and roast for 30 minutes. 4. Remove the foil for the last 5 minutes if you want a more browned and crisp look. Remove the lamb to a cutting board and allow the racks to rest for 20 minutes. 5. Skim off the fat from the roasting pan, add the chicken stock, and deglaze over a burner, scraping to remove the flavourful bits. Add the sesame oil, sesame paste, and butter to the sauce and mix thoroughly. 6. Carve the lamb racks, arrange them on a serving platter, and serve with the sauce. See the full recipe here. Ingredients To serve  Method 1. Start by putting the oil in a bowl with the minced garlic, onion, paprika and salt. Mix really well and set aside with a pastry brush. 2. Pop the aubergines onto a tray (they can overlap, that is fine). Take the oil mixture and brush the aubergine slices generously with the oil on both sides till you have finished all the mixture. Set aside. 3. Put one large or two small (if you have them) griddle pan(s) onto a medium heat (these are great on the barbecue, too, FYI). 4. Griddle in batches on both sides. They take approx. 2 minutes on each side. You will know they are ready when the flesh looks saturated, less spongy and softer. Pop onto a plate, overlapping, ready to serve. 5. Make the dressing by combining the yoghurt, curry powder, garlic, salt and mango chutney and giving it all a really good mix. Add a few tablespoons of whole milk to loosen the mixture just a little. 6. Drizzle the dressing all over the top of the aubergine, saving the rest to serve on the side. Sprinkle with fried onions, raisins and coriander to serve. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to make bubble tea at home with a simple, five-step recipe MORE : David Beckham made a honey cake for Harper (and we’ve got the recipe you need) MORE : Recipe ideas and hacks for healthy eating from a tin – and on a budget