You never know what surprises The Masked Singer US has up its sleeve – with bona fide Hollywood legend Dick Van Dyke – who’s approaching 100 years old – becoming one of the latest stars to be unmasked. On Wednesday evening, season 9 of the US version of the show premiered on Fox, with the first three characters Mustang, Gnome and Medusa taking to the stage ahead of two eliminations. In the first round, Gnome performed When You’re Smiling by Billie Holiday, with judge Ken Jeong suspected it could be Robert De Niro under the mask, Nicole Scherzinger and Robin Thicke guessing Dustin Hoffman and Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg suggesting Tony Bennett. When Gnome was eliminated, the panel were amazed when Mary Poppins icon Dick emerged from the costume, with Nicole immediately appearing overwhelmed with emotion at the sight of him, placing her hands over her heart. Ken got up on the table in admiration for the Chitty Chitty Bang Bang actor, before being quickly followed by Jenny and Robin as Nicole burst into tears. As Dick, 97, greeted everyone on stage, wearing a suave grey suit, host Nick Cannon declared: ‘Such an honour – we are in the presence of an icon ladies and gentlemen.’ Pussycat Dolls singer Nicole clapped and fanned her face as tears streamed down her face, as Nick continued: ‘This is the most seasoned and decorated entertainer we’ve ever had on our show ladies and gentlemen. Truly a legend.’ Speaking about his experience, the nonagenarian said: ‘It was real dark in there. Couldn’t see anything. I just loved it that they thought I was Robert De Niro. I didn’t know Robert De Niro could sing!’ Nicole struggled to speak as she expressed how much it meant to be in Dick’s presence, telling him: ‘I love you so much, we love you, the whole world loves you so much. It’s an honour to have you on our show.’ As people in the audience also wiped away tears, the 44-year-old continued: ‘I can’t believe you’re here! I’m trying to play it cool. And you look so gorgeous, you look so handsome.’ Ken, 53, informed Dick that he was ‘one of the reasons why I got into comedy’, adding: ‘You are comedy,’ before stating that it was ‘our greatest reveal ever’. Dick was dubbed ‘the GOAT’ by Jenny, 50, as Nicole put sweetly: ‘You’re our childhood.’ Fans watching at home were similarly bowled over by the Night At The Museum star’s unmasking, as one tweeted: ‘Watched #TheMaskedSinger and having 97 year old Dick Van Dyke sing tonight was as good as it gets. The man is a Legend.’ ‘Seeing Dick Van Dyke on #TheMaskedSinger warmed my entire heart,’ another wrote. Someone else penned: ‘Protect Dick Van Dyke at ALL COSTS. Doesn’t get better than this. How incredibly special to have him, and at 97 years old! Legend.’ Dick wasn’t the only star to be unveiled on the first episode of The Masked Singer US’ ninth season, with country music singer Sara Evans also revealed as Mustang after a second round of singing, while Medusa made it through to the next stage of the competition. The Masked Singer US airs on Fox in the US. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richie Sambora ‘couldn’t really see’ his guitar but still pulled off a stunning performance as Jacket Potato on The Masked Singer MORE : Amber Riley revealed as Jellyfish on The Masked Singer UK as Glee star become latest celebrity eliminated – months after winning US show  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 