Shamima Begum has lost a legal battle over the decision to deprive her of her British citizenship. The 23-year-old had been at the centre of a dispute over whether she should be allowed to return to the UK. Ms Begum and two other east London schoolgirls travelled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State (IS) in 2015. As a result, her British citizenship was revoked on national security grounds after she was found nine months pregnant in a Syrian refugee camp in February 2019. Ms Begum and her team have challenged the Home Office at the Special Immigration Appeals Commission (SIAC) in an appeal process. Mr Justice Jay gave his update this morning. He said: ‘The commission has fully recognised the considerable force in the submissions advanced on behalf of Ms Begum that the Secretary of State’s conclusion, on expert advice, that Ms Begum travelled voluntarily to Syria is as stark as it is unsympathetic. ‘Further, there is some merit in the argument that those advising the Secretary of State see this as a black and white issue, when many would say that there are shades of grey.’ The Home Office have said they are ‘pleased’ the court has ruled against Ms Begum. In a statement, a spokeswoman said: ‘The Government’s priority remains maintaining the safety and security of the UK and we will robustly defend any decision made in doing so.’ Meanwhile, Amnesty International has branded today’s verdict as a ‘very disappointing decision.’ Steve Valdez-Symonds, refugee and migrant rights director, said: ‘The power to banish a citizen like this simply shouldn’t exist in the modern world, not least when we’re talking about a person who was seriously exploited as a child. ‘Shamima Begum had lived all her life in the UK right up to the point she was lured to Syria as an impressionable 15-year-old. ‘Isis (so-called Islamic State) have been responsible for appalling crimes in Syria, Iraq and elsewhere, but that doesn’t change that Shamima Begum is British and was groomed and trafficked to Syria. ‘Just as other nations have done, the UK should be helping any of its citizens stranded in Syria – including by assisting in their safe return to the UK, whether or not that means facing possible criminal investigation or prosecution.’ His comments came after one minister claimed Ms Begum ‘clearly represents a threat’. Veterans’ affairs minister Johnny Mercer told GB News: ‘Of course she clearly represents a threat. But there is a lot of information in that case that is not in the public domain. ‘I don’t think it is worth discussing it in public. ‘I think those decisions are made in the courts and in the Home Office, and I’m sure they’ll come to the right conclusion.’ Sajid Javid, who was home secretary when Shamima Begum was first stripped of her British citizenship, has also commented on today’s verdict. He said: ‘I welcome today’s court ruling, which has again upheld my decision to remove an individual’s citizenship on national security grounds. ‘This is a complex case but home secretaries should have the power to prevent anyone entering our country who is assessed to pose a threat to it.’ During a five-day hearing in November, Ms Begum’s lawyers had said that the Home Office had a duty to investigate whether she was a victim of trafficking before stripping her of her British citizenship. The specialist tribunal heard said that she was ‘recruited, transported, transferred, harboured and received in Syria for the purposes of ‘sexual exploitation’ and “marriage” to an adult male’. At a previous hearing in February 2020, SIAC ruled that the decision to remove her British citizenship was lawful as Ms Begum was ‘a citizen of Bangladesh by descent’ at the time of the decision. However, her barristers said in November that the decision made her ‘de facto stateless’, where she had no practical right to citizenship in Bangladesh, with Bangladeshi authorities stating they would not allow her into the country. Barristers for the Home Office defended the Government’s decision, arguing that people trafficked to Syria and brainwashed can still be threats to national security, adding that Ms Begum expressed no remorse when she initially emerged from IS-controlled territory. Sir James Eadie KC, for the department, said there was ‘no “credible suspicion” that she was a victim of trafficking or was at real and immediate risk of being trafficked prior to her travel from the UK’. Sir James said that the then-home secretary Mr Javid took into account Ms Begum’s age, how she travelled to Syria – including likely online radicalisation – and her activity in Syria when making the decision to remove her British citizenship. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.