A historic Covent Garden boozer that’s the better part of two centuries old is on the market for nearly £10million. That’s £7701.42 per square foot. The Prince of Wales in Drury Lane has been a pub since the 1850s. While it’s not a listed property, it is situated inside the Covent Garden Conservation Area. Located near the likes of the Royal Opera House and the London Transport Museum, The Prince of Wales benefits from being at the centre of the hustle and bustle of the capital. So just what do you get for your money? The property spreads out over five floors, with a basement cellar, ground floor, and three further storeys. The ground and first floors have bars, seating, and bathrooms, while the second floor has ancillary accommodation complete with a trade kitchen with a dumb waiter lift, staff room, office and staff training room. The third floor provides the manager’s accommodation, with a kitchen, living room, bathroom, separate WC and four double bedrooms. Outside, the property also includes seating space for 16 customers thanks to a pavement licence with the City of Westminster. The business is also set to be unaffected by the sale. The listing, which has been posted on Rightmove, reads: ‘The Prince of Wales occupies a prominent corner position at the intersection between Drury Lane and Great Queen Street with occupiers nearby including the De Vere Grand Connaught Hotel, The Gillian Lynne Theatre, ITSU, Barrafina and the Freemason’s Hall. ‘The property is a short distance from many restaurants, bars, fashion retailers and Theatres that make up Covent Garden.’ It’s also a short walk away from Covent Garden station, and very well-positioned to benefit from the footfall of people heading to and from theatres nearby. Paul Breen, director with the agent’s licensed leisure team, says: ‘This is an incredibly rare opportunity to acquire a trophy freehold public house in a prime Covent Garden location. ‘London continues to be recognised as one of the world’s safe havens for property investors with demand for assets remaining incredibly strong, particularly for buildings which are let to strong covenants on long leases.’ Will you be putting in an offer? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Seven ‘home improvements’ that are actually devaluing your property MORE : DIY fans spend just £3,000 and add £70,000 to their property’s value MORE : London flat with bedroom you can’t stand up in on the market for £1,680 a month