Newcastle United’s Allan Saint-Maximin and Eddie Howe have paid emotional tributes to late footballer Christian Atsu after his death at the age of 31. Atsu’s agent confirmed on Saturday that the former Newcastle and Ghana winger had been found dead 12 days after the recent earthquake in Turkey, which has killed at least 45,000 people across both Turkey and Syria. Atsu made 121 appearances for Newcastle between 2016 and 2021 – registering eight goals and 10 assists – and also had spells at fellow English clubs Chelsea, Everton and Bournemouth. He left the Premier League in 2021 for Saudi club Al-Raed and was most recently playing for Turkish team Hatayspor. Newcastle was the team Atsu played for more than any other and current Magpies winger Saint-Maximin paid an emotional tribute to his former team-mate ahead of their match against Liverpool on Saturday. ‘It’s a very sad day for Newcastle and for all the players as well,’ Saint-Maximin told Sky Sports. ‘Most of the players know him well and he was a great guy. I had many conversations with him and a very nice time with him. ‘To see that [news], it is very painful. It is difficult to talk about for me. But I will never forget that guy and I will fight for him. ‘It’s hard to explain [what kind of person he was]. I’m not going to lie… I will tell you the truth, I have not seen a guy like him before. ‘He would always give me advice. He was always very nice, very kind, always joking and smiling, even when he did not play. ‘He was a great person. It’s sad for me. It’s a difficult day for me.’ Newcastle manager Howe added: ‘It’s a real tragedy for Christian and his family. ‘I woke up the news as everyone else did and I was truly devastated for him and everyone who knew him. ‘There is a lot of players in our dressing room who worked with him for a couple of years. ‘I made reference to that [in my team talk] before the game when I spoke to the players. I felt it was something we needed to do. ‘We’ll pay tribute to him today as a football club with a minute’s silence. Our thoughts are with him.’ MORE : Christian Atsu’s agent confirms footballer has died in Turkey earthquake MORE : Search for survivors continues as earthquake death toll soars past 45,000 