Sex/Life season two is officially on the way so we can all breathe a massive sigh of relief. The first series of the racy drama, starring Adam Demos, Sarah Shahi and Mike Vogel, sent viewers into meltdown when it landed on Netflix in 2021, thanks largely to that shower scene. Although a second season was announced shortly after, a release date has only just been confirmed – with new episodes set to drop on the streaming platform on March 2. The trailer teases even more drama in store for Billie Connelly (Sarah) as she juggles her marriage to husband Cooper (Mike), and her intense attraction to her ex-boyfriend Brad Simon (Adam). Unsurprisingly, there are passionate scenes galore in the minute-long clip, as Billie and Brad grow close, while Cooper enjoys a flirtation with his boss, Francesca (Li Jun Li). ‘Not everyone has it,’ she says in a voiceover. ‘The desire to wake up, stop sleepwalking through our lives. ‘To stop trying to do the right thing, while denying our truth. ‘But those of us who do, we tread in dangerous waters.’ She adds: ‘Because once you wake up, once you get even just a tiny taste, there’s no going back.’ Margaret Odette and Jonathan Sadowski will also be reprising their roles as Sasha Snow and Devon respectively, while Wallis Day, Craig Bierko, Dylan Bruce, Darius Homayoun and Cleo Anthony have joined the cast. Stacy Rukeyser, Sex/Life’s creator and showrunner said of the season two announcement: ‘I’m thrilled and grateful for the opportunity to continue telling this story for Billie, and for all of us.’ The first batch of episodes followed Billie as she became dissatisfied in her marriage, and slipped off into sexual fantasies about her ex-boyfriend, and her free-spirited youth in New York. Her life, and subsequently Cooper’s life, was turned upside down when Brad reappeared on the scene, forcing her to confront her past and her future. In the final few moments, she was forced to make a choice and decided to take the plunge with her ex – while also attempting to keep her marriage in tact. Something tells us this won’t be easy… Sex/Life season 2 is released on Netflix on March 2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles’s fans sing him happy birthday in Palm Springs as he brings US tour to a close MORE : Kate and Roman Kemp to share experiences of mental health battles as part of new project  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 