This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. It’s a real mixed bag in Aldi this week, from crafting tools to children’s toys. You’ll also find bargain kitchen appliances and tools, perfect for cooking up a storm come Valentine’s Day. There’s everything you need in this kit to get crafting, including woodburning drawing tips, stamping patterns, and templates. Use it to engrave onto wood and personalise everything from gifts to furniture. Buy for £9.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Aldi’s cast iron range flies off the shelves, and this griddle pan is the same fantastic value. It’s oven safe up to 250C, suitable for all hobs – including induction. Buy for £14.99 exclusively on the Aldi website now. Serve your guests in style with this lazy susan that keeps your food warm to a temperature of up to 60C. The cordless design fully rotates in both directions, with a stay-cool base so your surfaces are safe from damage. Buy for £39.99 exclusively on the Aldi website now. There’s a whole range of branded kids items at Aldi this week, including poncho towels featuring characters from Cocomelon, Paw Patrol and more. The hood keeps your little one warm, plus it’s machine washable for easy upkeep. Buy for £9.99 on the Aldi website now, or in stores from Sunday February 12. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : This is how much you should actually be spending on wedding gifts MORE : Former US Navy sailor is searching for Hull woman he fell for 40 years ago