Graham Potter has confirmed that Cesar Azpilicueta is conscious following his sickening head injury during the second half of Chelsea’s 1-0 defeat to Southampton on Saturday. Chelsea’s captain was taken to hospital for checked after he was kicked in the head by Southampton’s Sekou Mara as he attempted to clear the ball. Azpilicueta received immediate first aid on the pitch and was forced to leave the field on a stretcher. ‘He’s in hospital, so he’s in the best place,’ Potter said after the game. ‘He’s conscious and he was speaking to his wife so that’s good. We were obviously really concerned, especially when it first happened, but hopefully he’s in the best place and we’ll keep monitoring him. ‘I think he was unconscious when it happened so we have to take all the precautions we need to take now and make sure he’s okay, but it was worrying. It was a horrible incident.’ The defeat at Stamford Bridge keeps Chelsea 10th in the Premier League and Potter’s side have registered just one win in their last 10 games in all competitions. ‘I think the truth is we took a step back in performance, especially in the first half,’ Potter said of Chelsea’s display. ‘It was a below-par performance in the first half. Returning from the Champions League and we had to make a couple of changes so you lose a bit of fluidity, you lose a bit of cohesion. ‘Southampton set up with a plan and an idea, they mixed up the game well with a big target man, but our performance wasn’t what we wanted in the first half and I take as much responsibility as anyone for that. ‘The response in the second half was good but it wasn’t good enough. I thought we deserved a goal. We created enough chances, good enough chances, to score but when we don’t then obviously it’s difficult to win football matches. ‘When we’ve lost 1-0 at home to Southampton and, with the greatest respect to them, it’s not good enough, because of the results we’ve had recently. As I said, the first half was as much my responsibility as anybody’s, the performance wasn’t good. ‘I thought the second-half performance was better and I thought we deserved to score. If you score then the game changes around but at the same time 1-0 isn’t good and we’re disappointed with that.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 