Gary Lucy was dumped by girlfriend Laura Anderson following a string of rows over where they would live, before announcing she was pregnant with their first child. The TV stars met last year when they appeared on E4’s Celebs Go Dating, and confirmed their romance in December as they spent Christmas together. Earlier in the week, Laura, 33, and Gary, 41, announced they were expecting a baby together despite reports they had split in January. Former Hollyoaks actor Gary has since confirmed that he and Love Island star Laura are no longer together but would be raising their child amicably. According to the soap star, their break-up came after a series of rows due to him refusing to move to Laura’s native Scotland as he wanted to be close to his four other children in England. Opening up about the end of their whirlwind romance, Gary said: ‘Laura did want me to move but I have my responsibilities here. ‘I have four kids and all the things that go along with that so it’s very difficult, if not impossible, to uproot at this time.’ He continued to The Sun: ‘Having gone through a divorce, my children need me and living such a long way from them just would not be possible ‘I wish I could break myself in half. I would if I could.’ Gary acknowledged that while their relationship is over now, he would love to reconcile with the reality star in the future as he ‘thinks the world of her’. The former couple announced their baby news on Tuesday with a video montage of Laura’s pregnancy journey so far. In the clip, Laura was seen posing in her underwear showing off her baby bump, while elsewhere the couple looked overcome with happiness at their pregnancy scans. Gary also posed with a babygrow in hand in a picture taken at Christmas, reading: ‘The one where we become parents. Baby Lucy due Autumn 2023.’ Another clip saw Laura sharing the three positive pregnancy tests she took early on, while elsewhere she adorably showed pictures of the scan to her dog. The pair captioned the post: ‘Our hearts are full, Baby Lucy due Summer ‘23.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Laura Anderson under fire for advertising alcohol brand after announcing pregnancy MORE : Gary Lucy insists he’s ‘no longer’ with Laura Anderson after Love Island star announces pregnancy 