What’s the secret to the perfect cup of tea? Covering your cup, apparently. The unusual hack come courtesy of Jake McMullon, expert tea buyer and blender at Ringtons, who’s shared his trade secrets for the perfect brew. He also details the type of drinking vessel you should use, the ideal steeping time, and how to save money on bills while you’re at it.As a nation of diehard tea lovers who consume 100 million (!) cups every single day, we’re sure his tips are likely to stir up some debate. Read on to find out exactly how you’ve been doing it wrong. Choosing the right type of mug to conduct heat and retain it effectively, whilst not affecting the taste is a key part of making a tasty cup of tea, says Jake. ‘Glass, china and porcelain are all smooth, non-porous and won’t affect the flavour of your brew,’ he says. ‘Thicker mugs will retain the heat for longer whereas thinner, more delicate cups will lose heat faster.’ Always use freshly boiled water for your tea and if you’re really serious about your brew, use a water filter to eliminate any flavour impairers within the water. ‘Hard water contains a higher mineral content and can result in a darker, denser tea, whereas soft water makes a more desirable flavour,’ Jake explains. ‘Over-boiling your water can result in oxygen levels being reduced which results in a blander tasting tea.’ Jake also recommends warming your mug so that it reaches a similar temperature to the brewing water. This will help your infusion develop and bring out the flavours of the tea leaves. If you’re using a temperature-controlled kettle, the optimum temperature for brewing black tea is ideally between 95-98 degrees C, he adds. How long do you leave your tea bag to brew? For black tea, Jake recommends leaving it to brew for around four minutes, depending on how strong you like your cuppa. ‘More delicate green tea only needs around two minutes at a lower temperature. Generally, the milder the tea flavour, the shorter the brew time,’ he says. ‘Don’t leave it for too long though as this can result in unpleasant bitterness and astringency.’ One of the lesser-known top tips is to cover your tea while steeping. ‘This retains more of the heat and maintains a consistent temperature, which allows the tea leaves to unfurl and the flavours to be released,’ says Jake. Most experts also agree that gently stirring your teabag during the steeping process will help to release more of the flavours. There’s nothing more divisive in a household or office than those who add their milk in first, (Mifs) or those who prefer their tea in first, (Tifs). Historically, some have theorized that milk was added to the cup first to stop the delicate china cracking from the addition of boiling hot tea. A 2022 survey by Censuswide showed that 20% of UK tea drinkers add their milk first. But scientifically, when you add cold milk to the mug first, the temperature of the boiled water lowers slightly and the tea won’t brew as effectively. If added first, it can affect the steeping process and you won’t get to experience all the flavours your tea leaves have to offer. ‘To get the best infusion possible, add your tea first, brew to your taste, then add the milk after,’ says Jake. ‘This also means that you can better judge the strength of your tea, as milk will affect the colour and aroma.’ The percentage of natural fat in the milk used will affect the taste and texture of your typical cuppa, says Jake. Both whole-fat and semi-skimmed milk will add a creamy note to your tea, making it smooth and rich. ‘You may find that skimmed and low-fat offerings are too watery and don’t give you the same silky-smooth texture. They’re also unlikely to balance out any bitterness in the tannins,’ says Jake. ‘Black tea is typically stronger and bolder in flavour than its paler cousins and it stands up well to milk and sweeteners, making it the ideal choice for your morning cuppa.’ If you’re using non-dairy alternatives such as soya milk, you may find that it splits in hot tea. Apparently, warming the milk beforehand will help to combat this. Allowing your tea to sit before drinking it not only lets it come to a drinkable temperature, but some of the more subtle flavours will come to the fore at a slightly cooler temperature. Most importantly, it means you won’t burn your mouth. Jake recommends storing your tea in an airtight container so that your tea bags don’t take on any other unintended flavours from your cupboards. If left in an opened bag, your tea is likely to take on the taste of the ingredients around it. And finally, it pays to take care of your kit, for example, limescale build-up inside your kettle can impact how quickly it heats up, thus using more energy. I’f you’re investing in a new kettle, keep your eyes open for a kettle with variable temperatures, a rapid boil time and low minimum fill levels, as this can cut the time it takes to make a single cup of tea,’ says Jake. If you’re looking for other ways to reduce costs in your kitchen, Jamie Oliver’s cheap tips for making meals out of store cupboard items may also be up your alley. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : Jamie Oliver’s cupboard essentials to make pukka meals in a pinch MORE : McDonald’s is raising the price of these items as of today