Everton manager Sean Dyche has played down the ‘rivalry’ he has with Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp as he prepares for his first Merseyside derby. Dyche moved to Goodison Park less than two weeks ago and got off to the best possible start – beating league leaders Arsenal 1-0 in front of a raucous home crowd. But the fixtures don’t get any easier, as Everton travel to local rivals Liverpool on Monday night in what could prove to be a pivotal game for both clubs. The Toffees are 18th in the table and battling to avoid getting relegated from the Premier League for the first time in their history, while the Reds are searching for their first league win of the year as they attempt to get back in the top four race. The derby is also the scene for the latest meeting between Dyche and Klopp who infamously came to blows two years ago when the former was in charge of Burnley. The Clarets pulled off a shock 1-0 win, bringing the Reds’ 68-game unbeaten run at Anfield to an end, but the match is best remembered for the managers’ heated argument in the tunnel at half-time. Asked about that incident in his pre-match press conference on Friday, Dyche finally revealed what was said between the pair – and it’s not quite what many were expecting. ‘There’s no renewing it [the ‘rivalry’]. It’s just two managers playing against each other’s teams,’ he said. ‘There was nothing in that incident. He felt my coat wasn’t good like John McGinn did, and he mentioned it. And I say, “Well, you weren’t the first to get there. John’s already referenced my coat”. That one cleared that up. ‘Look, I think fans don’t mind that. They want to see two managers fight for their teams, for their clubs, standing up. After the game it’s gone, for me it’s done. That’s it. End of. ‘That used to be a more regular occurrence in football. Maybe not so much now. It used to be nothing [but] it makes a story.’ The mention of McGinn refers to a previous incident when the Aston Villa captain had a spat with Dyche and reportedly said: ‘You’ve been in the Premier League for six seasons and you’re still wearing the same s*** coat.’ The English manager also added that ‘there’s no sympathy only empathy’ for Klopp given his side’s atrocious form that has left Liverpool 10th in the table. ‘He certainly doesn’t need my sympathy. My focus is solely on Everton.’ MORE : Graham Potter gives injury update on Chelsea stars Raheem Sterling, Mateo Kovacic, Wesley Fofana and Denis Zakaria MORE : Manchester City star Rodri admits catching Arsenal in the title race could be ‘impossible’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 