Tyson Fury has revealed that he has bet £100,000 on Tommy Fury to beat Jake Paul via knockout on Sunday evening. The highly anticipated fight between YouTuber-turned-boxer Paul and Tommy Fury, who is the younger half-brother of Tyson and has a professional boxing record of eight wins and no defeats, will take place in Saudi Arabia this weekend. Paul also has an unblemished professional boxing record so far but the 26-year-old’s six opponents include fellow YouTuber AnEsonGib, former NBA star Nate Robinson and, most recently, 47-year-old former UFC middleweight champion Anderson Silva. Paul has questioned the credibility of Tommy Fury’s record as the 23-year-old has only fought journeymen so far, but Tyson Fury is adamant that his half-brother ‘is on good form’ and will win by KO. ‘I know he’s knocked out a few people [in sparring], Tommy knocks out 90 per cent of people he spars with, or drops them at least,’ Tyson told iFL TV. ‘He’s a very hard puncher and Jake Paul will find that out tomorrow.’ Asked if he has any doubt over Tommy’s chances, Tyson replied: ‘No. ‘I’ve got 100 racks on it for an inside the distance stoppage. So if he loses I’ll lose 100 bags as well so…. I’ve got [odds of] 3/1. ‘Tommy’s on good form, I was in the gym last night [Friday] and he was looking unbelievable, very sharp, fit and ready. I’m looking forward to an explosive knockout. ‘I just want to say good luck to both lads, I know Tommy’s going to knock him out. ‘What’s a little bit stupid is I see all these boxers, experts, and all these people, professional fighters who have picked Jake Paul over Tommy – what the hell are these guys watching, because Tommy will absolutely deck him. ‘I don’t know about what round, I think Tommy can get him out of there whenever really. ‘It’ll definitely be inside the distance, I’ve got the big bet on it being inside the distance so I’m definitely going inside the distance, it won’t be a points job for sure for Tommy, no way, Tommy wins by knockout.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 