Sebastian Stan and the cast of Sharper have spilled the beans on what it was that attracted them to star in Apple TV Plus‘s glossy new thriller – and it’s safe to say the number one reason was star and producer Julianne Moore, who did not disappoint. The script was taken from the ‘Black List’ of popular but as-yet-unmade films that circulates Hollywood each year, and sees Pam & Tommy actor Stan, Justice Smith from Pokémon: Detective Pikachu and The Tender Bar’s Briana Middleton all embroiled in a high-stakes game of cat and mouse in the upper echelons of New York City society. As perspectives shift and stories play out from different angles, the audience is left guessing the truth of what they know about student Sandy (Middleton), bookstore owner Tom (Smith) and the con-artist duo of Max (Stan) and Madeline (Moore). On the question of if working with Oscar-winner Moore was a big motivation for agreeing to the project, the trio were effusive, with Smith saying she was ‘the reason I wanted to do this’, while Middleton states: ‘Watching her and getting to work with her was a masterclass.’ With the trio speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk ahead of the film’s release, Stan agreed that she was ‘the reason why we’re all here.’ He added: ‘What was amazing is sometimes you meet somebody you’ve watched for such a long time and [you know] the image and you don’t know how they’re going to be in [real] life. ‘You’ve got all this time that you’re sitting around waiting for the shots and all that – and the fact that she was just as welcoming and just as nice and generous off-screen, and connecting with each person… It was the icing on the cake.’ During Sharper, the actors’ characters take on different roles of their own as the power dynamic shifts and secrets are uncovered. Stan’s Max is introduced as a ruthless but smooth con to begin with, but when Moore’s Madeline makes her fashionably late entrance in the movie, his motivations become murkier – part of what the Emmy nominee was keen to sink his teeth into. ‘When I first read the script, I didn’t really understand what my character was trying to do, what was he after really,’ Stan explained. ‘Was it a revenge thing or was he… I don’t want to go into what happens in the movie! So, it was more kind of just going into and trying to figure that out, and that part of it was intriguing to me. I liked how it started, how he starts out and suddenly it’s totally something else.’ Avoiding some pretty major spoilers, Middleton shared: ‘Without trying to give too much away… I think just the fact that there are so many different characters that my character is playing – that was the biggest selling point for me.’ Smith’s Tom is the character’s whose story is first introduced and in a way that encourages sympathy in the audience, although he’s also holding something back of himself. ‘For me, I was really interested in the psychology of somebody who had so much but is empty inside. I thought that was something I had observed in people of wealth for a while, and I was fascinated by that, and I wanted to explore it.’ Musing on standout scenes, Smith added: ‘There are scenes that we shot that really stayed with me just as a person – I’m excited for audiences to see the entire film, but these scenes in particular were just really magical moments where I was with a fellow actor who I trusted and a director who I trusted on a set of amazing people. Very special moments happen in this film, and I hope that comes across to the audience.’ Sharper opens in select cinemas, and streams on Apple TV+ from Friday, February 17. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : New Marvel villain Jonathan Majors studied Tom Hiddleston and then Paul Rudd ‘for hours’ to be perfect ‘antagonist’ MORE : Harry Styles and Stanley Tucci’s bromance caught on camera at Brit Awards and people can’t handle it  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 