A young girl’s vision of sending letters to lost loved ones to help cope with grief is being rolled out to more crematoriums. Grieving Matilda Handy, 9, had the idea of a ‘postbox to heaven’ after her grandparents passed away. Matilda wanted to stay in touch through sentimental cards so her mum approached Gedling Crematorium, in Lambley, Nottingham, where she works. Just before Christmas, they painted an old postbox white and installed it at the crematorium, with bereaved people soon pouring in heartfelt messages. More than 100 letters were ‘posted up to heaven’ and the idea proved so popular that crematorium bosses decided to roll it out in 36 sites across the country. Matilda’s mum Leanne, from Arnold, Nottingham, said: ‘People find real comfort in sending something, whether it’s a child drawing a picture or an older person sending something to their loved ones’. ‘The art of writing something helps with the [grieving] process’. The postbox has been used every single day to comfort both old and young, says Leanne. But it is especially important on anniversaries or holidays. That’s why mum and daughter wanted to unveil the postbox on Christmas, feeling this was the ‘right time’. ‘A lot of people miss sending cards at Christmas time and that’s an important occasion for people in the community’, said Leanne. ‘I had a lady who said she really struggled as she couldn’t send her mum a Christmas card. The postbox had a big impact on her.’ Matilda came up with the tribute after her grandmother Pat – who used to work in a post office – died in 2017. Then she lost her grandad Keith last November, just a few weeks before the postbox was installed. ‘[The postbox] is just a very nice way to express my feelings and send a letter to them and to say how much I love them,’ said Matilda. Her first letter included a poem, which read: ‘If heaven had a phone, Then I’d give you a ring. Just hear your voice and tell you, How my day has been.’ ‘But it doesn’t have a phone, To make missing you better, So instead I write my feelings down. And send them in a letter.’ ‘I know that you’ll be watching, As I write down every word, And I’ll feel it when you reply, The unwritten and unheard.’ Spread across England, Wales and Scotland, 36 crematoriums owned by the Westerleigh group will be fitted with the special boxes. ‘We can walk through our local town and people will stop us and say how beautiful it is,” said Leanne. ‘Matilda’s teacher told everyone how amazing it is.’ We’re certainly proud of her, it’s helped her. If it can help her it can help a lot of other people,’ she added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.    