EastEnders has been firing on all cylinders as of late, and that shows no signs of changing, with next week’s spoilers confirming another compelling and unmissable week. If you’re desperate for a first look at all the drama, you’ve come to the right place, with Metro.co.uk once again being in possession of all the pictures and spoilers you could possibly need. With the tap at the Panesars having broken, Suki (Balvinder Sopal) asks Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths) over to repair it, and subsequently softens towards him as they bond over the strifes of family life, with Suki offering him a permanent job as a handyman for her tenants. Nish (Navin Chowdhry), however, sees Mitch depart from their home and is consumed with a jealous rage. Nish insists that he and Suki bring their marriage blessing forward to this week, and despite Suki’s attempts to stall, the abusive businessman puts his foot down, tasking Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) with picking up his wife’s wedding outfit. Eve desperately tries to win Suki over with one final conversation, but their strong words are overheard by someone. But who? Zack Hudson (James Farrar), meanwhile, does his best to remain hopeful as he and Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) head to the hospital to find out the results of their CVS test, but their world ultimately collapses when their baby is diagnosed with Edwards’ Syndrome. Whitney, devastated, pushes her loved ones away, but Zack knows he must be there, reassuring Whitney that she’s not to blame. Last but not least, Denise Fox (Diane Parish) is racked with guilt over her feelings for Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara) and thus tries to seduce Jack Branning (Scott Maslen), who is working at home, but their passion is ultimately killed when she realises that her detective husband is investigating none other than Ravi! Awks. EastEnders airs these scenes w/c Monday February 27 at 7:30pm on BBC One. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Whitney’s baby heartbreak, Suki’s dangerous secret and Patrick’s love scam MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Who did Linda make secret call to amid war for the Vic?