Former child star Austin Majors, known for starring in NYPD Blue, has died at the age of 27. It’s believed that the actor died on Saturday night, while staying at a homeless housing facility in Los Angeles. An autopsy on Majors’ body is due to be completed shortly, but final toxicology results are expected in a few months. According to TMZ, it’s said he ‘may have ingested a fatal amount of fentanyl.’ Announcing the news of the star’s death, his family released a statement to the publication. ‘He was a loving, artistic, brilliant, and kind human being,’ they began. ‘Austin took great joy and pride in his acting career. He was an active Eagle Scout and graduated Salutatorian in High School. He went on to graduate from USC’s School of Cinematic Arts with a passion of directing and music producing.’ The statement continued: ‘Austin’s younger sister Kali says her fondest memories with Austin were growing up on set with him, volunteering at events with “Kids With A Cause,” and backpacking together. ‘Austin was the kid of son, brother, grandson, and nephew that made us proud and we will miss him deeply forever.’ Major played Theo Sipowicz for seven seasons of NYPD Blue. Theo was the son of the show’s main character, Detective Andy Sipowicz, who was played by Dennis Franz. He received awards for his acting career, winning the Young Artist Award for best performance in a television series for NYPD Blue. The late star was also nominated for best performance in a voice over role for his work on Treasure Planet. One of his most memorable moments remains the scene in which little Theo walked in on Charlotte Ross’ character while she was naked in the bathroom and getting into the shower. The 2003 scene actually sparked a hefty amount of complaints against network ABC, and they were fined $1.4million (£1.2m) by The FCC as a result. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sharon Stone’s brother Patrick dies suddenly aged 57, two years after her 11-month-old nephew MORE : Days of Our Lives actor Cody Longo dead aged 34, leaving world of wife and three kids ‘shattered’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 