The last movements of Nicola Bulley before she went missing has been released by police as they still continue their search for mum-of-two. Lancashire Police today released a number of key timings that they believe might help with an appeal for witnesses who might have last seen her. Officers earlier today issued an urgent appeal to try and speak to a dog walker in a red coat that they believe will be able to help with enquiries. Just over an hour after the appeal police said they were now speaking with the woman who was walking her dog. Supt Sally Riley said: ‘We know that Nicola going missing has caused a great deal of concern for the wider local community, as well as obviously being an awful time for her family. ‘This remains a missing person inquiry and at this time there is nothing to suggest any third-party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance. ‘I appreciate that there are unanswered questions about what has happened to Nicola, but I would urge people not to speculate or spread false rumours. We will share updates when we can, but we must be factual. ‘Nicola’s family are being kept up to date with events and are being supported by officers. ‘We are really grateful for the community’s help and co-operation so far, but I’d like to stress again parts of the riverbank are treacherous, especially after the recent rain, and we would ask that nobody puts themselves in danger and that the police and partner agencies’ efforts to find Nicola are not compromised. Earlier today police brought in specialist divers and taped off the bench close to where Ms Bulley went missing as their search continues into a sixth day. Specialist teams were today seen sifting through the riverbed of the River Wyre, near to where Ms Bulley’s mobile phone was left, and where her dog, Willow, was found. Trees that overhang the river were also being checked for any clues as to what has happened to the mum-of-two. A solo police diver spent an hour in the River Wyre this morning, using a head torch to search through the murky water. She emerged onto the bank just after 12.30pm without finding anything of note, according to the Mail Online. Another police diver was due to enter the river and take over the underwater search this afternoon. A police source told MailOnline: ‘The underwater teams are performing what’s known as an arc search, whereby they monitor the riverbed by moving in a side-to-side motion from bank to bank. ‘As of yet nothing of significance has been found but it’ll be a long, thorough process.’ Ms Bulley, 45, was last seen on Friday morning at around 9.20am while walking her dog alongside the River Wyre in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. The mortgage advisor had just dropped off her daughters, aged six and nine, at the local school in the village. Her phone was found, apparently still engaged on a work call, on a park bench nearby, along with the harness and lead for her dog, Willow, a springer spaniel. Her phone was found, apparently still engaged on a work call, on a park bench nearby, along with the harness and lead for her dog, Willow, a springer spaniel. A major search involving a police helicopter, drones, sniffer dogs and specialist divers and equipment has been ongoing for days on the River Wyre near to where Ms Bulley was last seen. Lancashire Police have said they are keeping an ‘open mind’ about what happened, but do not believe Ms Bulley was attacked. Ms Bulley’s partner, Paul Ansell, 44, described the situation as ‘perpetual hell’. In a statement, her family said: ‘The girls are desperate to have their mummy back home safe with them and your ongoing efforts have provided comfort to them whilst we await news on Nicola. ‘We ask for anyone who thinks they may have any information that may help the police find Nicola to please come forward and help them with their enquiries.’ Anyone with information is asked to call 101, quoting log 565 of January 30, or call 999 if they have an immediate sighting. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.