Edinburgh’s cobbled streets hold a vast amount of dark history – from the infamous body snatchers to the witch executions carried out atop the Royal Mile. The Scottish capital’s past has also often blurred the line between fact and fiction, boasting a wide range of myths and legends. Now, for the first time, all will be brought together in the country’s very first museum of witchcraft, magic and fortune-telling. Mummified animals, mystical amulets and even ‘potion’ bottles that once belonged to people branded witches will all be displayed. The museum features objects dating from the 17th century to the modern day which reflect the beliefs and practice of Magic, spiritualism and the occult. It also will be ‘guarded’ by a 19th century ram horn on the wall, which is said to protect all items within the building. The museum’s founder Ash Mills, 35, told Metro.co.uk: ‘Putting aside Edinburgh being the birth place of Harry Potter, Scotland actually already had a big history surrounding the the fear of witchcraft. ‘It was one of countries within Europe that witnessed persecutions in mass numbers during the 17th century witch craze. ‘Often it was there magical specialists once known as wise men and women, or “Spae-folks” that would be caught up in the witch trials. ‘After over three hundred years later, both the Scottish Parliament and the Church of Scotland made apologies for those executed for being witches.’ Following on from the public apologies, Ash felt it was time to bring the true history of Scotland’s witches to a modern day audience. One of the museum’s key attractions is a two-hundred-year-old mummified cat sourced from a family home in France. It had been stuffed, alive, in the wall behind the fireplace to ‘ward off evil spirits’ in a once-common technique used to keep dark magic at bay. Other displays will highlight other spiritual items that once held great significance in people’s lives. Ash is originally from Birmingham but lives in Edinburgh since he moved there to study – and described it as ‘home in his heart’. Prior to launching the museum, he wrote books detailing Scotland’s magic past – including The Black Book of Isobel Gowdie and other Scottish Spells & Charms. It focuses on a young woman, Isobel Gowdie, who is said to have confessed to witchcraft at Auldearn, near Nairn, in 1662. The four confessions she made over a period of six weeks include details of charms and rhymes, claims she was a member of a coven in the service of the Devil and that she met with the fairy queen and king. Lurid information concerning carnal dealings with the Devil were also provided. Ash, who studied Scottish Ethnology and history at Edinburgh University, is not put off by the darker chapters in history. He grew up surrounded by folklore and spiritual stories. Ash admits that his grandmother, from Ireland, could have been branded a witch if she was born a few centuries earlier. ‘She was Catholic, but not very Orthodox,’ said Ash. ‘She did a lot of natural healing and made all sorts of predictions – she could tell you what sex of baby you’d have by dangling a pin above a belly. ‘I learned how to read tea leaves from a young age and I’ve grown up with it all really. ‘I just can’t wait to share the museum with everyone and see how we grow, it’s exciting!’ The Museum of Witchcraft, Magic & Fortune-telling will be open to the public at the end of February, which also provide tarot readings, magical gifts and witchy related foods and drinks. It is situated in Edinburgh’s Old Town on Chalmers Close, just off the Royal Mile. To find out more, click here READ MORE: Why a growing interest in witchcraft is leaving us spellbound READ MORE: Largest gathering of witches world record ‘comes home’ to UK Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.