Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have suffered another hit to their popularity with the public after a savage portrayal on South Park. Last week the long-running animated sitcom portrayed the couple in an episode titled The Worldwide Privacy Tour, which took aim at the former working royals. The episode followed characters resembling Harry and Meghan as they tried to settle down in a new town, but riled up main character Kyle after moving in next door, who quickly complained about their private jet, their loud ‘privacy party’ and even the prince playing polo. The sketch branded them attention-seekers and their characters held placards that read: ‘Stop looking at us!’ and ‘We want our privacy!!’ while embarking on a global tour. Now, a new poll has been released, and it doesn’t fare well for the pair when it comes to the public’s opinion of them. Data released by American magazine Newsweek has revealed that Harry and Meghan are now even less popular in the United States than his disgraced uncle Prince Andrew. Since December last year, Harry has sunk 48 points and Meghan 40, giving them net approval ratings of -10 and -17 respectively. Meanwhile Andrew was also viewed negatively, but by a slimmer margin, with a net approval rating of -2. The poll was conducted three days after the South Park episode aired. The data suggested that negative sentiment stands at 42 per cent for Prince Harry, 44 per cent for Meghan and 28 per cent for Andrew. However, the publication did report that Americans felt marginally more positive about Harry and Meghan than Andrew, though the margins were slim. Newsweek revealed 32 per cent of respondents felt positively about Harry, 27 per cent felt positive about Meghan and 26 per cent reacted positively to Prince Andrew. The figures strongly contrast to views of Andrew in Britain, however. In January a YouGov survey showed 86 percent felt negatively towards him, compared to just 7 percent who felt positively. But as Newsweek pointed out, the strongest view of Americans about him sat in the ‘neither favourable nor unfavourable’ category, with 32 percent giving this answer, while a further 13 percent said they ‘don’t know’. However, the numbers still indicate that members of the public haven’t responded well to Harry and Meghan releasing their self-titled Netflix documentary and his memoir Spare, where they’ve shared many details of their private lives. As Newsweek wrote, their level of overexposure could have lead to ‘greater fame bringing with it greater hostility’. It was a sentiment echoed in the South Park episode, in which they were called out for claiming to want privacy while writing books and appearing in a Netflix series. However, the portrayal of the pair strayed into pretty harsh territory at times, describing Harry as ‘dumb’ and Meghan as a ‘sorority girl, actress, influencer and victim’. While there were reports the episode had ‘upset and overwhelmed’ Meghan and that the couple were threatening to sue the creators of South Park, a spokesperson said it was ‘frankly nonsense’. South Park is available to stream on Paramount Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry and Meghan ‘in predicament’ over whether to attend Charles’ coronation MORE : Megyn Kelly convinced Prince Harry and Meghan Markle won’t ‘recover’ from South Park diss 