The FBI is reportedly planning to search the home of former President Donald Trump’s vice president for classified documents. FBI agents are expected to search ex-Vice President Mike Pence’s Indiana home in the days to come, sources told The Wall Street Journal on Thursday. Justice Department officials are reportedly speaking with Pence’s legal team to schedule the search. The report comes a day after the FBI searched President Joe Biden’s Rehoboth Beach home for classified material. Justice Department officials have been looking at the handling of classified documents with more scrutiny since such records were found in the residences of Trump, Biden and Pence. Two weeks ago, FBI agents took classified records from Pence’s home in Carmel, the former vice president’s lawyer Greg Jacob wrote in a letter to the National Archives. Pence cooperated and agreed to transfer the documents, which numbered about a dozen. Pence had asked his lawyer to look through his house out of an abundance of caution. Pence’s attorneys said that classified documents were inadvertently packed and moved to his home. Pence’s legal team believe their search was exhaustive and that no classified material will be found when FBI agents visit, a source told The Journal. In the search of Biden’s beach home on Wednesday, the FBI did not find classified documents, according to the president’s personal attorney Bob Bauer. The search was done in coordination and cooperation with Biden’s lawyers. FBI agents took some records that were not marked as classified. ‘Consistent with the process in Wilmington, the DOJ took for further review some materials and handwritten notes that appear to relate to his time as vice president,’ stated Bauer. The FBI seized about 100 classified documents from Trump’s Mar-a-Lago residence in August 2022. The Justice Department is investigating how highly sensitive material wound up at the private homes of Trump, Pence and Biden, as well as at Biden’s former office at a Washington, DC, think tank. Trump announced his 2024 presidential campaign in mid-November. Pence, who had a falling out with Trump, is considering a White House bid. Biden has not yet announced a reelection run. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.