Holidays can often feel rushed – with a dash to cram as much in as possible, while also wanting to feel adequately rested and refreshed during that time away. But one travel trend that’s resurfacing again this year is the antidote to this hurried mentality. ‘Slow travel’ is back for 2023 and is all about a more purposeful pace and considered attitude. ‘It’s an approach to travel that encourages people to seek a deeper connection with the people and places they visit, as well as more meaningful experiences for themselves,’ explains Joanne Kent at Travel Counsellors. She adds: ‘Slow travel focuses less on ticking off all the classic tourist sites to post on social media and, instead, embracing the present moment and magic of being in that destination.’ Essentially, it’s all about taking your time and soaking up what a place has to offer  – like a local, not a tourist. James Brockbank, the editor at The Family Vacation Guide, explains: ‘Slow travel refers to travelling in a country in a way that almost resembles how a local resident would, rather than the mainstream option of going to a holiday resort and missing out on most of the culture and experiences that cities and towns have to offer. ‘Instead, using public transport, finding guides and experiencing the local food, people, and culture – rather than an all-inclusive-type holiday.’ We grew familiar with this style of travel in early 2020, but the pandemic brought these holiday and adventure plans to a sudden and unexpected halt. Experts say this is why the trend is resurfacing now. Following years of on-and-off restrictions, people are now looking to explore what different countries and regions have to offer and immerse themselves in the culture – and there’s no rush to hurry home, especially after having spent lots of time there in lockdown. Joanne adds: ‘Following two years of the pandemic, people want to travel more than ever, in a way that is memorable and purposeful. ‘We’re seeing a strong trend toward destinations that are off-the-beaten-track and away from the busy tourist spots, with clients looking for bespoke itineraries that will offer them an authentic experience that, not only enriches their own lives, but gives back to the communities and environments they visit.’ These longer trips also represent a change in mindset explains Thomas Power, the co-founder and CEO of Pura Aventura. He says: ‘We are certainly seeing the trend towards longer holidays continuing into 2023. It’s something we embrace wholeheartedly as people move away from soulless tick-list holidays towards more meaningful travel. ‘The great thing is that, once people start experiencing slower travel, it will be around for the long term – as the whole holiday experience will be transformed. ‘Staying in an area for longer gives people more time to discover that little local bar, a weekly market or the sandy beach hidden away down a track.’ ‘Slower trips’ also result in a more eco-friendly way of travelling – as there’s no rush to be there quickly. Instead, the trend sees people opt for trains and boats (rather than planes) which are better not only on the planet, but our bank balances, too. James adds: ‘Many countries have great public transport networks, so you can explore countries on a low budget effortlessly. You could also hear some interesting stories and tips from the people you meet along the way. ‘As we are consciously aware of our impact on the world, travelling by train from country to country (rather than by plane) is an easy way to reduce a traveller’s carbon footprint.’ All aboard Train travel is becoming increasingly popular and it’s only set to continue over the coming years – especially with the growing flight-free movement. Tempted? Try the 10-day rail journey from London to Istanbul, which stops off along the way and features stunning views of the Bavarian Sea and rolling hills of Salzburg. Closer to home Of course, slow travel means you can take longer exploring further afield, but the UK is bursting with places to try this trend out, too. Sarah deVere-Drummond, the co-founder of Kip Hideaways, says: ‘Slow Travel is all about purposeful experiences and meaningful moments. It’s a slower more immersive way to adventure, side stepping the well-trodden tourist hotspots to make a real connection with a place and soaking up a snapshot of life in a new location. And the UK is ripe with opportunity for this. ‘We’ve seen an 35% increase in bookings this winter for lesser known locations such as the Ardnamurchan peninsula in Scotland and the Cambrian Mountains in Wales. And an increase in savvy travellers snapping up stays outside of the traditional summer holiday season, taking advantage of off-season rates and greater availability, already in 2023. ‘We’re also seeing an uplift in longer stays, and more frequent trips throughout the year to make the most of all the seasons – particularly to hideaways with great rail connections, meaning guests can travel by train and venture on foot. ‘Better for the environment, and helps combat rising costs. ‘ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why Tampa could be your next travel destination – from pirate festivals to lush beaches MORE : I went on a Caribbean wellness retreat, where ‘balance not abstinence’ is the hotel mantra MORE : All aboard the ‘wine train’ – a new direct line will soon transport you from London to Bordeaux in five hours