*Warning: This contains spoilers for Happy Valley season 3 episode 5* Happy Valley star Mollie Winnard has revealed her own theories about what will happen in the much-anticipated final episode. The Coronation Street actor, 25, portrayed Joanna Hepworth in the blockbuster BBC drama, alongside the likes of Sarah Lancashire and James Norton. Joanna, who is beaten and abused by her husband Rob Hepworth (Mark Stanley) in a storyline praised by Mel B, was brutally murdered by evil pharmacist Faisal Bhatti (Amit Shah) in episode 3. The mother-of-two had been purchasing diazepam illegally from Faisal, who killed her with a rolling pin and lethal injection to cover up his drug-dealing tracks. As a result, Mollie told Metro.co.uk she wasn’t given the scripts for the final episode – and revealed she didn’t pester producers for spoilers because she wants to be ‘involved at home’ as a viewer. The star said she has been watching Happy Valley every week on a Sunday, like the rest of the nation, with her boyfriend and his brother and partner and has about theories about the ending ‘spinning around in my head.’ ‘And – I don’t know if I can say this – because what if my theory ends up being right and then it looks like I’ve given a spoiler?’ Mollie joked. But she revealed that her main prediction is a showdown between Catherine and Tommy – and Ryan will be forced to choose between his granny or dad. Mollie’s theory is shared by many fans online, who are convinced that one of the main characters won’t be making it out alive. Whatever happens, it has been reported that the BBC is keen to keep the spoilers from being discussed on social media – for the benefit of international viewers. In the US, for example, season three will be broadcast on the network AMC  – but not until May. A BBC source told The i: ‘Everyone wants to talk about the finale but it would be great if viewers don’t give too much away on social media so that international fans can enjoy the series without too many spoilers.’ Happy Valley concludes on Sunday on BBC One at 9pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 