A young man was dragged to court and sentenced after being caught with a bag of cannabis worth £10.70 in his pocket. Wesley Schokker, 25, was walking down the road in King’s Lynn, Norfolk, when he was spotted by officers. They performed a stop and search after reporting his eyes were glazed over, and said it was ‘obvious he was under the influence of something’. During the frisking on November 1 they uncovered a small bag of cannabis, which had an estimated street value of little over ten pounds. It was believed to be under 1.5 grams, or 1/16th of an ounce – typically one of the smallest amounts people can buy. Schokker, who has previous convictions dating back to 2017, including for battery last year, admitted possession of an illegal substance at King’s Lynn magistrates’ court. George Sorrell, mitigating for Schokker, said: ‘There are occasions where clients aren’t forthright, but he was truthful when talking about the progress in his life.’ He went on to say how Schokker is seeking advice from the probation service. ‘I have met this client before, he said he wouldn’t come back to court this year, but in the context of his life, he’s been given a bad deal,’ Mr Sorrell said. ‘He’s disappointed to be back today.’ Speaking to the court about his previous battery offence, Schokker said: ‘I know it’s not good to hit people and I only smoke a bit now.’ The court handed him a 12-month conditional discharge but he was ordered to pay a £26 victim surcharge fee. Magistrate William Hush said: ‘We are very impressed with what we heard and we don’t see this kind of progress very often. ‘Behave yourself for 12 months, it seems like you’re doing a good job.’ Schokker’s sentence comes as the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) called for an overhaul of stop and search laws to crack down on racial disparities. The watchdog said officers should not use the smell of cannabis as a lone reason to conduct a search, or to assume they have the Class B drug in their possession. Government figures suggest over 70% of police stop and searches require no further action being taken. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.