A man, whose family claim he the oldest human alive, has celebrated his ‘122nd birthday.’ Andrelino Vieira da Silva is said to be ‘still going strong’. The pensioner went viral when he marked his 121st birthday in Aparecida de Goiania, Brazil, on February 3. Andrelino had a more subdued celebration this year, as his family were ‘not in the mood’ for a big bash. He marked the day with a cake topped with a sign saying ‘O terror do INSS’, an inside joke about a decades-long claim on his old age pension from the INSS, or National Institute of Social Security. In the lead-up to his birthday, Andrelino’s granddaughter Janaina Lemes de Souza said: ‘This year we are not going to do anything because some other people in the family are having some problems, so we are not in the mood for the party.’ Andrelino’s family say he was born in 1901. He was married and had seven children, five of whom are still alive. He has 13 grandchildren, 16 great-grandchildren, and even a great-great-grandchild. He has become something of a local celebrity, with people asking for selfies with him when he is out and about. Janaina told local media at the time: ‘Depending on the place, people even recognise him. Some ask if they can take a picture with him and he agrees.’ She added: ‘He’s fine, living his ordinary life.’ Andrelino and his family are not bothered about fame and have not tried to get him recognised by Guinness World Records as the world’s oldest person. The current record is held by Maria Branyas of Spain, who will turn 116 on March 4. A month after his 121st birthday, dengue fever put Andrelino in hospital for five days. However, he made a full recovery and went back home, with the team that treated him remarking on his energy and good humour. Following the viral snap from his 121st birthday, Brazil’s minister of Labour and Social Security, Onyx Lorenzoni, issued him with a commemorative plaque. It was delivered to his home with the message: ‘It is a great honour to have you as a beneficiary of the INSS.’ Lorenzoni said: ‘You are not the terror of the INSS. You are a blessing to the INSS. We wish Mr Da Silva many more years of life.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.