Gemma Collins has revealed her beloved mum Joan was left at the hospital when she was a baby. The former TOWIE star touched upon her family’s sad backstory when wishing Joan happy birthday on Tuesday. Gemma, 42, shared a series of snaps of herself, her brother Russell and Joan on social media, writing: ‘Happy birthday to my ultimate queen mother dearest.’ The reality star went on: ‘Sadly your mother left you at the hospital, but you went on to have your own children [and] raised two successful children with no help from anyone.’ ‘Kane and Hayden [Gemma’s nephews] love you [and] you’re a glam-ma,’ the TV personality added. ‘The woman who has been my driving force. You are a force of greatness. We all love you.’ Gemma posted recent and throwback photos of herself and her mum, revealing just how similar they looked when Joan was younger. It comes after Gemma told her 2.2million Instagram followers that an ambulance had been called to assist her with a health issue on February 6. After posting a photo of an ambulance outside her home and another of herself receiving medical treatment, Gemma explained she called for help as she thought she was having a heart attack. ‘Hi guys, I am just to say thank you for all your well-wishes. I had a terrible shock last night, I had terrible chest pains, I thought I was having a heart attack,’ she revealed in a follow-up video clip. ‘Anyway, thank god it wasn’t that. I’ll go into it all later, but I just want to say thank you for your well-wishes. And the NHS were absolutely incredible. I had nothing but such a great experience with them and I really hope they get all their pay rises, because they just work so hard.’ She continued: ‘I’m just very happy to not have died from a heart attack last night, but onwards and upwards, I’m at work, I’ll report back later. ‘I just wanted to say thank you for all your lovely well-wishes, and I’m on an amazing shoot today.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Gemma’s reps for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Laura Jackson announces pregnancy and admits it’s been a tough and ’emotional’ 8 months MORE : Hayden Panettiere’s brother Jansen grins showing off street art in final photo two weeks before death aged 28 