Maroon 5 star Adam Levine is seeking more than $850,000 (£708,800) in compensation after allegedly being sold a fake car. The musician, 43, is taking legal action against one Rick Cole, who he has accused of swindling him by offering a rare car in return for two of Levine’s cars in 2021. According to court documents seen by the New York Post, Levine traded in two of his own vintage Ferraris from 1968 and 1972, in return for a 1971 Maserarti Ghibli 4.9 Litre Spyder. The car in question is extremely rare, with only 25 ever made, and is worth around $1 million (£834,000); Cole allegedly also gave Levine $100,000 (£83,400) on top in return for the trade. However, Levine claims he took the vehicle to Austosport Designs where he learned the car was not a genuine Maserati Ghibli, as the dealership had already sold a car with the same vehicle identification number as his new one. Levine claims Cole took multiple steps to pass the car off as the real thing. Court documents see Levine argue that Cole had ‘egregiously never disclosed’ that the vehicle was not authentic, accusing him of ‘withholding this information in order to make substantial monies on the sale.’ He complains that the car was now ‘far less’ than what he paid using the Adam Levine Living Trust. The car could potentially be a Ghibli Coupe converted into a Ghibli Spyder, however it cannot be confirmed. She Will Be Loved singer Levine is hoping to regain the $850K he spent with regards to the two traded vehicles, claiming Cole had refused to reverse the deal or give back the money. The news comes soon after Levine and wife Behati Prinsloo are believed to have welcomed their third child together. An insider told People Magazine of their new arrival in January, however they have yet to share the little one’s name or gender. They are already parents to daughters Dusty, six, and Gio, five. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Rick Cole and reps for Adam Levine for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Behati Prinsloo ‘gives birth to third child’ with husband Adam Levine MORE : Adam Levine and Armie Hammer sex scandals ripped to shreds in Miles Teller’s hysterical SNL sketch: ‘Your body is making my penis smile’ 