Katie Price has shown off her new look after undergoing surgery to get her biggest-ever boob job. The former glamour model, 44, has long been known for her ample assets since bursting on to the scene as a Page 3 model in the 1990s. Mum-of-five Katie has undergone multiple surgeries over the years including on her lips, bum, eyes and brows, but it’s her breasts who’ve received the most attention. The TV star and OnlyFans model jetted off to Belgium last year for her 16th – yes, 16th – breast enhancement surgery, having previously declared she wanted the biggest breasts in Britain. And while the Guinness Book of World Records may not have been in touch on that side of things just yet, she did confirm they are ‘the biggest I’ve ever been’ at size 2120 CC. The My Crazy Life star has been keeping her new breasts fairly covered since returning from surgery in Belgium (apart from an all-sheer outfit and nipple tape at a recent red carpet) but has now given a bit of a closer look in a new photoshoot. Katie proved she still has the oozing confidence from her Page 3 days as she  posed daringly in a bright red body-con fit, teasing the zip with one hand and her other held up over her head. The descending zip left partly showed Katie’s new assets, as well as her toned midriff and tattoos on her torso and hips, with the model gazing into the camera with well-framed eyes. All eyes would immediately be drawn in to her massive breasts, which she had proudly described as weighing approximately two kilos each. Katie had admitted she had had questions about why she got the implants if she wasn’t planning to show them off, and explained she does it for her own confidence. Speaking on GB news for her first TV interview in two years, she told long-time friend Mark Dolan: ‘In the daytime when people see me, people can’t understand why I’ve had them done because I never show them… unless it’s for OnlyFans, but I do it for myself.’ ‘If there’s anyone out there who wants to get their boobs done, do it for yourself, not for anyone else or for your career,’ she added. In January, a source spoke about Katie’s most recent cosmetic procedure and just how ‘massive’ her boobs were set to be. ‘She wants to have the biggest boobs in the country, and these will certainly set her on her way to that goal,’ they told The Sun. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Carl Woods has ‘moved back in with Katie Price’ as they ‘rekindle relationship’ MORE : Katie Price hints she’s back with ex-fiance Carl Woods as former couple enjoy cosy roast dinner together 