It’s been described as like ‘a scene from The Last of Us’. A notorious road in Birmingham full of giant potholes, rubbish and burned-out cars may be one of the most-neglected in Britain, it is claimed. Residents living near Crawford Street, in Saltley, Birmingham, say the bumpy and uneven road is plagued with vulgar graffiti and waste. Photographs show the drastic state of the lane, which acts as a cut-through between Adderley Road and Saltley Viaduct in the inner-city borough. They reveal mountains of household waste, wrecked shells of cars and 10ft wide water-filled potholes. On the side of one house is spray-painted the image of a knife with the words: ‘Kill a snake, enemies get shot up fool.’ People living nearby have claimed local criminals act with impunity in the area and openly drink and take drugs on the street, which has become a magnet for fly-tipping. Yet despite repeated calls from community activists for the council to take action and repair the street, the area appears to only be getting worse as time goes by. ‘Honestly, you would not believe this place. It reminds me of the post-apocalyptic scenes from The Last of Us,’ said Wahid Khan, 33, who lives on the next street along. The father-of-one added: ‘It makes this city look exactly like its stereotype it has been trying so hard to shake. Yet here we are in modern Britain living next to a Third World slum. ‘I saw it described as the most neglected street in the city but I’d go one step further than that and say it’s the most neglected street anywhere in the country. ‘All you have to do is walk down it and you’ll see why. It’s disgraceful really. The council has had years to act and it just gets repeatedly overlooked.’ Another local, who did not want to be named, said: ‘The worst part is that next door they are working on the swanky new HS2 train line and road sweepers go along there but not here. ‘The place is disgusting and I’m embarrassed to say it’s near my home. It’s a no go area at night. The police are nowhere to be seen either.’ Complaints have been made to Birmingham City Council since 2018 about the streets conditions but locals say nothing has changed so far. Community activist Gerry Moynihan, 50, said he first contacted the local authority five years ago about the condition of the road. He said: ‘Since then, the minor potholes have turned into major ones and the pavement has disappeared as it is covered in fly tipping. ‘The council have been neglecting the street since 2018. It is often used by residents as a shortcut into the city centre. ‘I think the council believe it will cost a lot of money to fix and so they are just ignoring the problem. ‘The potholes are hardly potholes but more like craters. They are a foot deep, 10-foot wide and are crater-like especially when they are filled with water. ‘It becomes a mud bath as you go along the road and there is so much fly tipping.’ Gerry says fires are also known to break out in nearby scrapyards, and in abandoned cars, causing both health and environmental hazards to nearby residents. ‘There are primary schools nearby and when one of those scrap yards goes up in flames, the pollution and health hazards it causes to the people living nearby is awful’, Gerry added. Tory councillor for Erdington Robert Alden said: ‘While Labour-run Birmingham is once again spending millions on resurfacing the city centre, suburban areas like this are left with burnout cars and pothole ridden streets. ‘This is totally unacceptable. Residents and businesses bear the cost of this and deserve better.’ Last month it was revealed the UK faces a ‘pothole crisis’ as a result of the bitter winter freeze. Experts say ‘rapid freeze and thawing cycles’ made the situation far worse than usual. And one pensioner is so fed-up with the potholes on his road, he’s taken to using them as putting holes to highlight how bad the problem is. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.