The Brit Awards is a prime opportunity for celebrities to go all out – and Lewis Capaldi has teased a very bold look for tonight’s red carpet. Lewis will rock up to the 2023 ceremony with the hopes of taking home a trophy, as he’s nominated for song of the year with his number one single Forget Me. However, before all that madness kicks off, there’s the small matter of the carpet to attend to, and Lewis has vowed to ‘leave no crumbs’ when it comes to his outfit. Giving fans a teaser of what to expect, the 26-year-old Scottish star assured even Donatella Versace herself will be left quaking in her boots when his lewk is unvieled. Lying in his hotel bed wearing a tracksuit, enjoying the calm before the storm, the singer-songwriter shared some cheeky videos to his 5.7million Instagram followers. ‘It’s the Brit Awards today, slay, slay, slay, it’s the Brit Awards, slay it, slay it brother,’ he began, clicking his fingers in sassy fashion. ‘Uh oh, what time is that? It’s time for the Brit Awards, and do you know what time that also is? It means it’s time to serve lewks. Slay, slay, slay, serve, serve, serve,’ Lewis joked. ‘He left no crumbs, he ate! Screaming, crying, throwing up,’ he quipped, poking fun at the language often used on social media by fans to hype up their favourite stars. ‘I would let this man ruin my life, he simply slayed. It’s a simply slay from a man who’s far from simple.’ ‘Oh, Lewis! You’re absolutely slaying tonight, you’re serving lewks,’ he teased, imitating paparazzi and press shouting at him on the red carpet. ‘It’s giving icon, it’s giving Madonna, it’s giving slay king. ‘It’s giving, what did you eat for dinner because you f***ng ate this carpet. ‘Lewis, Lewy boy, come here, tell us who you’re wearing tonight. Oh, who am I wearing? I’m just wearing rotting human flesh.’ He then joked: ‘My nipple clamps are from Tiffany, Donatella Versace been real quiet since Lewis showed up rocking this. It’s giving main character energy from Capaldi tonight at the Brits.’ Honestly, we can’t imagine anything more iconic than if Lewis did actually show up at the Brits wearing nipple clamps. Tonight’s big show will welcome stellar performances from the likes of Sam Smith and Kim Petras, Lizzo, and Harry Styles, all of whom are fresh from the States after celebrating success at the Grammys. Former One Direction heartthrob Harry leads this year’s noms with four to his name, while rock band Wet Leg also have four. Also nominees include Blackpink – the only Korean pop group nominated – as well as The 1975, Calvin Harris, Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, and Becky Hill. The Brit Awards 2023 will air live tonight at 8pm on ITV1 and ITVX. MORE : Daisy May Cooper warns her appearance at the Brits will be ‘messy’ MORE : Harry Styles is Mimi Webb’s main target at the Brits this weekend: ‘I am literally obsessed with him’ 