Planning a trip to Europe this year? When it comes to holidays, picking the right spot can feel overwhelming. There’s so much choice, after all. But one capital has just been recognised as a top travel spot – beating 21 other nominated cities to be crowned European Best Destination 2023. And it’s not one of the usual suspects (AKA, Paris, Barcelona and Berlin). Warsaw has just scooped the accolade and beat off hard competition, with more than half a million votes collected from 400 destinations. Hosted by travel website European Best Destinations, the competition runs every year with the aim of promoting culture and tourism in Europe. The Polish capital was named for a whole host of reasons, from its green spaces to rich history. After large parts of the city were destroyed at the end of WWII, the city rebuilt itself and now features a mix of architecture – some of which has been restored. Spots to pop on an itinerary include the rebuilt Old Town, the Polin Museum (which traces 1,000 years of Jewish history) and the Fryderyk Chopin Museum. A trip to the National Museum is also well-worth a visit for its art and design collection. The city is also very good value – an appealing factor during the cost of living crisis – with an abundance of cool cafes and bars for creative cocktails, craft beers and vodka shots, as well as notable dining spots. For some greenery, the central Saxon Garden, Krasiński Garden and the rooftop garden of the University Library will not disappoint. Dorota Wojciechowska, director of the Polish National Tourist Office in London, said: ‘We are thrilled that Warsaw has got 2023 off to a flying start by being named the best European Destination. ‘The city attracts a lot of overseas visitors who fall in love with the city year after year. I’m pretty sure that this title comes as no surprise to anyone who has been to Warsaw at least once in their lifetime. ‘I want to sincerely thank everybody who took the time to vote for Warsaw and would also like to say congratulations to all of the other wonderful cities who were nominated.’ In terms of the rankings, Athens follows close behind Warsaw in second place, while Maribor takes third. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Fancy a ‘soliday’? EasyJet is launching packages with discounts for solo travellers MORE : ‘Slow travel’ is surging – here’s everything to know and what it looks like in 2023 MORE : Why Tampa could be your next travel destination – from pirate festivals to lush beaches