An 82-year-old man whose home is slowly crumbling into the sea has refused to move. George Gardiner’s cliff-top house suffered a leak two years ago and, since then, has developed a series of big cracks. The garden and driveway of his property, in Luccombe on the Isle of Wight, have sunk 5ft as a result of the damage. George has been offered alternative accommodation, but says he isn’t going anywhere. He’s lived in the home for 22 years and it holds a special place in his heart – it used to be a tea room he ran with his late wife. George told BBC News: ‘I do wonder what is going to happen to me in the end, but it’s just one of those things isn’t it? ‘At least this time of the year, everything is drying out a lot. I’m hoping to get a good Summer here at least… but who knows? ‘I’ve got the fence to support me if I need to hang on… I manage. It’ll be alright.’ George claims he repeatedly tried to reach Southern Water following the leak, which emerged in his garage about two years ago. A friend later stepped in to help fix it. But George’s bad luck didn’t stop there, with a burst water main the next problem he faced. When the pensioner’s garden and driveway fell last year, Isle of Wight Council shut part of the coastal path outside the property. It had been left bordered by deep cracks. But Mr Gardiner, a former air ambulance paramedic, wants the issues to be fixed so he can stay put. In a statement, Southern Water confirmed it had received a claim that a leaking pipe had ‘allegedly caused subsidence to the property.’ A spokesperson told the BBC: ‘This matter is complex and has been referred to our insurers who are currently investigating liability. ‘Without prejudice to ongoing liability investigations, an offer of alternative accommodation has been made to Mr Gardiner. “The council have erected temporary coastal path diversion signage and the situation will be monitored and reopening opportunities will be considered once the current damage has settled.’ Landslips were ‘not uncommon’ in the area, the council added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.