The fight for Beyoncé tickets has made The Hunger Games look like a walk in the park, with hundreds of thousands of fans sending Ticketmaster into meltdown over recent days. Fans of Queen Bey were sent into a frenzy when she finally confirmed her Renaissance world tour after several years off the road. However, as to be expected, the excitement soon turned to stress, as ticket sites failed to handle the overwhelming demand during pre-sales. Within minutes of tickets becoming available, fans were kicked out of virtual queues, O2’s Priority app went down, and tears were shed, as members of the Beyhive failed to secure a spot in the stadium to see their idol. All hope is not lost, though, as tickets general sale will start at 10am on Tuesday, February 7 – and it’s important to be prepared. To help you on your quest to Beyoncé tix, James Collins the CEO, of CheapoTicketing, has some top tips and, given that the site has seen a 130% spike in traffic since Beyoncé’s tour announcement, trust us when we say you’re going to need them. So, get in formation… ‘Every tour and show ticket release goes live at a particular time. Make sure you know the date and time and be online, signed in, and ready to go 30 minutes beforehand,’ says James. ‘Then, as soon as the ticket sale goes live, swoop straight in, get the tickets you need, pay and you’re done. He says readiness is ‘paramount’, so make sure you have everything to hand – no frantically rummaging around for your credit card while the timer counts down! ‘A great little hack which I’d recommend would be to make sure you have multiple browsers open at different times and using different VPN’s if you have access to them to almost trick your computer,’ James advises. Doing this can increase your chances of getting tickets, as opposed to just having one window open on your laptop. If possible, also use your phone and/or tablet at the same time – you can never have too many devices when it comes to buying tickets! James says that time is ‘absolutely of the essence’ when it comes to buying tickets. So, enable ad blockers on your browsers to avoid losing valuable seconds while purchasing. If your mates have ever told you that you can count on them for anything, now’s the time to use them. Where possible, ask your friends to help you out and sign in at the same time as you – this should be fine provided they also don’t want tickets! ‘The more hands you have ready to take charge of the ticket tiller, the more likely it is that you’ll be able to control the boat and get the tickets that you need,’ adds James. ‘And if you do end up with more tickets than you need, or want, you can always sell them to a third-party site or licensed ticket broker and get your money back. It’s a win-win, nobody loses gambit that almost always pays off.’ ‘Sometimes the Gods of the Entertainment Industry just aren’t on your side, and the ghosts in the ticketing machine work their mojo ensuring that you don’t get the tickets you want. ‘Don’t panic, as there are always ticket brokers and third-party sites, like CheapoTicketing, that you can turn to that’ll help to make sure that you will go to the ball,’ James assures. Yes, the tickets might be more expensive, but it comes down to how much you’re willing (and able) to pay for that night of your dreams. It’s important to remember, though, that scammers will be out in full force at these times, so be extra careful and make sure the people and the websites you’re buying from are legit. ‘One common mistake I see fans making is constantly refreshing the page,’ James despairs, adding that this is 100% not the way to go about things. ‘Doing this can put you all the way back to the start and ruin your chances of getting the beloved tickets.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyonce fans go into overdrive as Grammys host Trevor Noah teases ‘favourite’ female performance MORE : It’s been 10 years since Beyonce’s iconic Super Bowl halftime show – and still no one’s done it better  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 