China has claimed an alleged surveillance balloon the size of three buses spotted above the US is a weather device. US defence officials immediately raised the alarm over the blimp yesterday, fearing it was flying to sensitive sites to collect information. But according to Beijing, it’s nothing more than a ‘civilian airship’ used to monitor the weather. China’s foreign affairs ministry said today that the ‘airship’ has limited steering capability and ‘deviated far from its planned course’ after being blown off course. ‘It is a civilian airship used for research, mainly meteorological purposes,’ the spokesperson said. ‘Affected by the Westerlies and with limited self-steering capability, the airship deviated far from its planned course. The Chinese side regrets the unintended entry of the airship into US airspace due to force majeure. ‘The Chinese side will continue communicating with the US side to properly handle this unexpected situation caused by force majeure.’ The Pentagon said the device travelled from China to the Aleutian Islands of Alaska, through northwest Canada over the past few days before arriving over Montana, where it was hovering on Wednesday. At the time, the Pentagon told reporters the device as an ‘intelligence-gathering balloon, most certainly launched by the People’s Republic of China’. Montana is the home of the 341st Missile Wing at Malmstrom Air Force Base, one of three bases that operate intercontinental ballistic missiles. The US took ‘custody’ of the balloon when it veered into US airspace, with piloted F-22 fighter jets keeping watch. US President Joe Biden chose not to shoot the blimp down after Pentagon officials advised not to, concerned debris could hit people on the ground. ‘Why not shoot it down? We have to do the risk-reward here,’ a senior defence official told reporters during a press briefing. ‘So the first question is, does it pose a threat, a physical kinetic threat, to individuals in the United States in the US homeland? Our assessment is it does not. ‘Does it pose a threat to civilian aviation? Our assessment is it does not. Does it pose a significantly enhanced threat on the intelligence side? Our best assessment right now is that it does not.’ Canada’s Department of National Defense said in a statement that the movements of a high-altitude surveillance balloon were being ‘actively tracked’ by the North American Aerospace Defense Command, part of the US-Canada military partnership. ‘Canadians are safe and Canada is taking steps to ensure the security of its airspace, including the monitoring of a potential second incident,’ it said. A spokesperson for China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs previously said it was ‘verifying the facts’ over the incident. The US and China have a long history of spying on one another. Spy balloons tend to be solar-powered, carry equipment such as cameras and float around 120,000 feet above the earth, well above commercial air traffic lines. They scan and photograph the areas they glide over far closer and for longer stretches of time than spy satellites, according to a 2009 report to the US Air Force’s Air Command and Staff College. But the Chinese weather balloon has this week all but upstaged a highly-anticipated visit to Beijing by the American secretary of state Antony Blinken. Relationships between the two are brittle at best, with Blinken being the first American secretary of state to visit China in six years. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.