Lord Alan Sugar let go of a fifth candidate in Thursday night The Apprentice  episode and this time it was London-based technology recruiter Shazia Hussain. The budding business partners and entrepreneurs were tasked with branding an electric motorbike and creating a compelling advertising campaign ahead of a tense pitch to a panel of experts in that field. Despite being passionate about motorbikes, project manager Bradley Johnson had his vision ignored by Shazia – who took on sub-team leader – and chaos ensued after she completely switched up the brief without his permission. Shazia’s group fell short when it came to casting for their advertising video and failed to hire an actress that was able to ride a motorbike. When deliberating who to fire, the celebrated entrepreneur turned to Shazia’s supposed inability to clean up her many mistakes during the disastrous task. He said ahead of her exit: ‘Shazia, I like people who admit their mistakes. The problem here is that there were so many mistakes. ‘If it was one thing fair enough, overlook it, another thing, fair enough, overlook it. But there were so many mistakes. Shazia it is with regret that you’re fired.’ The neurodiversity advocate said of her departure from the programme: ‘I think Lord Sugar made a mistake firing me. ‘He’s missed out on a great investment opportunity, but he’s going to have to live with it.’ The candidate made her passion for championing neurodiversity clear early on in the BBC show after revealing she had ADHD, Dyslexia and Dyspraxia along with a memory issue. She shared why she thought it was important for the world of business to embrace differences: ‘The lens I look through the world on is a neurodivergent one and because of it I bring with me a fresh pair of eyes! ‘It’s what makes me unique. It’s ok to be different in a sea of the same- to be different means I stand out from the crowd.’ Shazia also admitted the bao buns task was her favourite as it related most to her own business experience. ‘I really enjoyed selling the dessert. I sold it as a fusion dessert which really relates to my business,’ she explained. Carrying on, the recruiter said: ‘I really enjoyed creating the dessert and the design of it was something very similar to my Gourmet Mithai deserts including the gold!’ Albeit Shazia’s time on the show is over, she still firmly believed she shouldn’t have been fired due to her honesty and ability to take ‘responsibility for mistakes and [her] teams’. ‘I think I demonstrated I’m honest, hardworking and have ideas that are memorable. I think that’s valuable and should count,’ were her departing words. The Apprentice returns next Thursday at 9pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice stars attempt to salvage cringey advert as cracks show in shambolic teamwork MORE : The Apprentice star Shazia Hussain ‘made complaint over co-star Mark Moseley allegedly racially abusing her’ 