Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly have reportedly hammered out an ‘even bigger six-figure deal’ to carry on presenting Strictly Come Dancing. Tess, 53, has hosted the BBC juggernaut series since it launched in 2004, and was initially joined by the late Sir Bruce Forsyth. Meanwhile, The Traitors presenter, 51, helmed It Takes Two before co-hosting along with Tess on the main Saturday night show from 2014. During their time on the beloved programme, the duo have overseen the likes of Stacey Dooley, Bill Bailey and Rose Ayling-Ellis taking home the Glitterball Trophy. While the BBC has never officially revealed their salaries for the competition series, it has been reported that Claudia and Tess pocket £150,000 each per series. And the pal have upped their six-figure fee to host Strictly for another two years, it has been claimed. A TV insider told The Sun: ‘Beeb chiefs absolutely love Tess and Claudia and wouldn’t dream of ever losing them. ‘They are especially proud of the fact that they have two women hosting a show on a Saturday and Sunday on prime time BBC One. It is an enviable position to be in. ‘Strictly’s leading ladies may command a high price, but the Beeb view them as great value for money given how popular they are with viewers.’ They continued: ‘In the nine years they’ve been fronting the show, Tess and Claudia have become synonymous with the programme and bosses couldn’t contemplate them not being its presenters. ‘Which is why execs are so keen to sign them up for another two years and ensure they don’t get poached by a rival broadcaster for their big shows.’ As well as Strictly and The Traitors, it has also been claimed that Claudia has been developing her own chat show for the BBC. According to reports, the team behind Graham Norton’s popular Friday evening programme, So Television, filmed the pilot. A source said in December: ‘Her chat show pilot went down a storm with execs and there is a lot of buzz about it already.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for the BBC, Claudia and Tess for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Molly Rainford and Tyler West ‘inseparable’ as romance rumours swirl on tour MORE : Gorka Márquez says he and David Beckham would ‘make a good-looking couple’ on Strictly 