Stuart Broad will mark his return to the England team in the first Test against New Zealand in Mount Maunganui. England’s second-leading wicket-taker, 36, missed the series whitewash in Pakistan at the end of 2022 as he was on paternity leave. Broad joins James Anderson in the England side for the day-night Test, with the pair having the chance to surpass Australia legends Shane Warne and Glenn McGrath as the most prolific bowling partnership in Test history. Warne and McGrath took 1,001 scalps in 104 games together, with Broad and Anderson just four behind, having racked up 997 dismissals between them in 132 Tests. There were fears the first Test of this two-match series would be postponed after New Zealand declared a state of emergency due to Cyclone Gabrielle but the match will go ahead as planned. ‘The team we’ve picked, especially with the ball, has all the bases covered, especially in these type of conditions,’ said England captain Ben Stokes. ‘The bowling group have been great together. They have been discussing what they feel is working. People like Jimmy and Broady, who have played quite a few of these pink-ball matches, are still coming to terms with it. ‘Some balls swing, some balls don’t, then they will try to bowl the same ball and it will react differently. But they have bowled really well together and discussed how they feel is the best way to bowl with the pink ball.’ New Zealand were thumped by England last summer and will be without fast bowlers Kyle Jamieson and Matt Henry for at least the series opener. Despite the injury blows, New Zealand have decided not to call up Trent Boult, who was released from his central contract last year in order to play in franchise leagues and spent more time with his family. ‘It’s been decided since he gave up his contract that we would give priority to contracted players,’ New Zealand coach Gary Stead said. ‘We discussed it internally but our decision was not to go with Trent on this occasion.’ England opener Ben Duckett will play his first Test outside of Asia after impressing in the 3-0 win in Pakistan in December. ‘I take every game as it comes,’ said Duckett. ‘My biggest learning has been not to look too far ahead. ‘I just want to keep enjoying myself and keep scoring runs. I don’t want to start thinking about what’s coming up in the future, just the next few days. On the challenges of a pink-ball Test, Duckett added: ‘It’s no different to any Test match, you’ve got to play well against a good attack.’ The New Zealand series marks the start of a huge year for England in Test cricket, with Stokes and Brendon McCullum aiming to win back the Ashes at home this summer. MORE : Pink ball can’t match colour that Stokes' England bring to Test arena MORE : England World Cup hero Eoin Morgan retires: ‘I've cherished every moment’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 