R Kelly has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for child sex crimes. The disgraced singer – real name Robert Sylvester Kelly – is currently serving a 30-year prison sentence over sex trafficking and racketeering charges in New York. Last September, the 56-year-old was convicted of six out of 13 charges brought against him in Chicago, including three counts of coercing minors into sexual activity and three of producing sex tapes involving a minor. He was acquitted over allegations that he attempted to obstruct an earlier investigation into the abuse of his 14-year-old goddaughter – as well as two counts of enticing minors to have sex. The judge ruled that 19 years of the sentence could be served at the time as his current term, meaning he will serve one additional year when that ends. The trial concluded last autumn after weeks of testimony from more than 30 witnesses. During the hearings, the court was reportedly shown explicit video tapes, allegedly showed the musician sexually abusing his goddaughter, who is referred to only as ‘Jane’. Four women spoke out in the trial to accuse Kelly of sexually abusing them when they were girls, including Jane – who previously denied that she had suffered abuse at his hands. She later claimed that he paid her and her family off in order to stay silent. AP reports that two of Kelly’s accusers asked the judge to punish him harshly. In a message read aloud in court, ‘Jane’ said that she had lost her early aspirations to become a singer, as well as hopes for fulfilling relationships. ‘I have lost my dreams to Robert Kelly,’ the statement read, via AP. ‘I will never get back what I lost to Robert Kelly. ‘I have been permanently scarred by Robert.’ ‘Nia’ reportedly added in her own message: ‘No longer will you be able to harm children.’ In June, he was sentenced to 30 years in prison after being convicted of sex trafficking and racketeering charges. Kelly – who denied all charges – was also found in violation of an anti-sex trafficking law known as the Mann Act. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jake Paul offers Tommy Fury ‘all or nothing’ bet over fight purse ahead of Saudi Arabia showdown MORE : Trans TV star India Willoughby is still waiting for apology from BBC for facing ‘abuse’ on Question Time  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 