The family of Brianna Ghey has said her death has left a ‘massive hole in our family’ after she was fatally stabbed in a park. The 16-year-old, from Birchwood in Warrington, Cheshire, was found by members of the public as she lay wounded on a path in Linear Park, Culcheth. Emergency services were called to the park at around 3.13pm on Satruday after Brianna’s body was found on a path. She was pronounced dead at the scene, Cheshire Police said. The teenager suffered multiple stab wounds and a post-mortem examination will now take place to establish her cause of death. Paying tribute to the teenager, her family said in a statement: ‘Brianna was a much-loved daughter, granddaughter, and baby sister. ‘She was a larger-than-life character who would leave a lasting impression on all that met her. ‘Brianna was beautiful, witty and hilarious. Brianna was strong, fearless and one of a kind. ‘The loss of her young life has left a massive hole in our family, and we know that the teachers and her friends who were involved in her life will feel the same.’ Brianna was transgender and police say they have no evidence to suggest it was a hate crime but are ‘keeping an open mind’, the Daily Mail reports. Two 15-year-olds remain in custody after being arrested on suspicion of her murder, Cheshire Police said. Detective Chief Superintendent Mike Evans said: ‘A number of enquiries in relation to this incident are underway and we are doing all that we can to establish the exact circumstances of what has happened. ‘At this time, there is no evidence to suggest that the circumstances surrounding Brianna’s death are hate related. ‘Patrols have been stepped up in the local area and officers will remain in the Culcheth area to provide reassurance and address any concerns that residents may have. ‘I would ask anyone who has any information, no matter how big or small, that they believe could help with our investigation to get in touch. ‘We are also keen for people and businesses within the local community to check any CCTV or dashcam footage for anything that may aid our investigation.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.