Engineers are investigating after a landslip on a river bank – under the foundations of a new 17-storey block of flats. Officials from Clarion House and Bristol City Council are analysing the south bank of the River Avon – where the land has collapsed. The slippage is next to the Boat Yard – a massive and not complete tower block development being built in the Totterdown area. Developers are trying to reassure locals that the tower block is ‘not affected’ by the erosion. Photos show trees and bushes have slipped towards the river and exposed underground cables. They also appear to show erosion under the 17-storey building on Bath Road – and a big crack that may indicate a further landslip. The Boat Yard development has been under construction in the city for over a year and promises ‘an exciting new development of one, two and three-bedroom apartments with views over the River Avon. Prices for the apartments have yet to be made public, however developers have said it will ‘be a popular new residential destination for Bristol, and an ideal choice for your shared ownership home.’ A spokesperson for Clarion Housing Association said: ‘We are aware of the issue at Totterdown Bridge and have taken prompt action to investigate further, with an engineer having already attended the site as a precaution. ‘The building is not reliant on the river bank for any of its stability, and the engineer has confirmed that our site is not affected by the bank’s recent movement,.’ The council tweeted: ‘We are aware of the situation and are sending a bridge inspector to the site today to carry out an inspection and assess any risk to the highway.’ It comes after a week in which experts predicted that £600million worth of property would fall into the sea by the end of the century due to coastal erosion. Some 21 villages and hamlets around England’s coastline have been identified as being at risk. Climate action group One Home used data from the Environment Agency’s National Coastal Erosion Risk Mapping (NCERM) dataset at 5% confidence, indicating a less than 5% chance of the coast being eroded further inland than the estimate. The value of property damage, on the land that could be hit by coastal erosion by 2100, was estimated at £584 million using average local authority values or site-specific values from Rightmove. The group has compiled a map highlighting what shoreline management plans are in place in different areas of coast, and what the level of protection is. The coastal communities identified by One Home that could lose the most homes are in Cornwall, Cumbria, Dorset, East Yorkshire, Essex, the Isle of Wight, Kent, Northumberland, Norfolk and Sussex. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.