Johnny Depp is reportedly living in London but is yet to buy a property. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, who had been staying with the late Jeff Beck in Sussex before his friend’s death last month aged 78, is said to be going between hotels and staying with other friends at the moment. According to the Sunday Times, he moved to London after Beck died and is keen to embrace a change of pace in cities like London and Paris compared to the hustle and bustle of Los Angeles and New York. A source said: ‘The hubbub and craziness of LA and New York can be exhausting. As much as London and Paris are busy, thriving cities, Johnny still feels he can relax and be creative there. ‘He has always loved Europe, and people love him there. He feels very at home there and finds the European lifestyle a bit more his speed.’ Currently, Johnny owns a West Hollywood home, a sprawling property which is a gothic replica of a Bavarian castle and comes complete with towers, turrets and battlements. Meanwhile, this summer he is hitting the road with his band The Hollywood Vampires, which also includes rock legend Alice Cooper, as they embark on a 27-date tour. The European run will include dates across the UK with shows in the likes of Birmingham, London and Scarborough. Meanwhile, Johnny was the only mourner invited to friend Beck’s burial earlier this month, which took place on February 4 in the grounds of his home in Wadhurst, East Sussex. It was reported that he joined Beck’s widow Sandra and their dog Paddy for the intimate service. They are believed to have met during a trip to Japan in 2014 and forged a work relationship as well as a friendship. Depp and Beck recorded and toured together and their last collaboration – an album named 18 – was released in 2022. Beck’s private burial service was in contrast to the starry funeral the previous day which was attended by stars including Ronnie Wood, Sir Rod Stewart, and Sir Tom Jones as well as reclusive pop star Kate Bush, Led Zeppelin rocker Jimmy Page and Bob Geldof. There were performances by Joss Stone, Imelda May and Beth Orton who reportedly sang alongside a local choir. Metro.co.uk has contacted a representative for Johnny Depp for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Janet Street-Porter stayed in Johnny Depp’s room and was baffled by one item: ‘Would he whip himself with those?’ MORE : Jeff Beck and Johnny Depp’s close friendship explained as musician dies aged 78