This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. Aldi’s garden shop is open for the season, which means you can get your hands on outdoor furniture and decor pieces at bargain prices. There’s also a focus on DIY this week, with everything from work boots to tools. Featuring a comfortable rattan sofa with a twin pack of stools, this set is everything you need to turn your garden into a chic entertaining space. It can be assembled to the right or left side so it suits every layout, and is easily wiped clean. Buy for £349.96 exclusively on the Aldi website now. If you’re working with a smaller space, this bistro set is comfortable yet doesn’t take up loads of room. The bamboo effect furniture is also powder coated, rust, weather and UV resistant, so no worries if the weather turns (and it inevitably will). Buy for £149.99 exclusively on the Aldi website now. Doing a spot of decorating? Look no further than this handy spraying gun. It helps give an even finish while painting without the effort and is suitable for painting over wallpaper, plaster, woodchip, wood, metal and plastic surfaces. Buy for £39.99 exclusively on the Aldi website now. If it’s time to replace your work boots, these options from Aldi are affordable and designed with high quality LWG certified leather. They include steel mid-sole and toe caps for added protection and are manufactured to S3 safety rating. Buy for £19.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : This is how much you should actually be spending on wedding gifts MORE : Former US Navy sailor is searching for Hull woman he fell for 40 years ago