Vanessa Feltz has addressed her split from Ben Ofoedu in a new video. The TV star confirmed over the weekend that she’d broken up with her fiancé after a 16-year romance and confessed she’s ‘shocked, sad and disappointed’. Vanessa posted a video on Sunday morning in which she shared more details about their split and revealed what’s next for her. She said: ‘Well, I haven’t been on Instagram for three weeks and that’s because my relationship with Ben is over after 16 years and I honestly didn’t know what to say to you on Instagram. ‘But now it’s clear that it’s over and I really do feel that once the trust in a relationship is gone you really can’t get it back, and that’s what I’d tell anyone else to do.’ The presenter added: ‘So I just wanted to say, obviously I feel incredibly sad, and I’m pretty disappointed and shocked and all those horrible things. ‘But also full of resolve. Because I’m not going to let this defeat me. I’m so glad to be living longer then my mum did. Vanessa bravely concluded: ‘She died at 57 and I’m going to be 61 next month. So I feel very grateful to be alive and I want to carry on feeling that way and I want to celebrate and I want to find fun and laughter anywhere I can and I know it’s not going to be easy but I’m absolutely determined to do it.’ The This Morning agony aunt, 60, has been with the Phats & Small singer, 50, for 16 years, first meeting in 2005 after Vanessa’s divorce from surgeon Michael Kurer in 2000. Their relationship was recently hit by infidelity claims, with Vanessa reportedly discovering social media messages between Ben and other women. Opening up on her break-up, she told The Sun this week: ‘I had thought it might take a bit longer before this came out, because it’s a lot to deal with — a shock like this takes some adjusting to — but I am extremely sad and disappointed that my 16-year relationship with Ben is over.’ She added: ‘As an agony aunt I have said many times that once the trust in a relationship is gone, it can never be repaired or regained. ‘So I have to take my own advice on this occasion.’ A friend of Vanessa -who is a mum to Allegra, 37, and Saskia, 34, from her previous marriage – added that she’s determined to keep her spirits up after the heartbreak. They described her ‘a strong, successful woman’, saying that although she is ‘ashamed’ and ‘heartbroken,’ she is also ‘proud.’ Vanessa is now thought to be throwing herself into work with her new TalkTV show, while the outlet claims that Ben’s return to touring with his band put strain on his relationship and led to the cheating allegations. The star was introduced to her now ex by Boyzone singer Keith Duffy, after they became pals while in the Celebrity Big Brother house in 2001. They got engaged a year later in 2006 and were due to marry the following year, and again in 2011. However, they didn’t end up walking down the aisle. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West’s abandoned $2.2 million LA home in disrepair as walls crumble and fences collapse MORE : Tom Hanks and wife Rita Wilson mingle with music legends at Clive Davis Pre-Grammy gala 