The partner of missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley has said he is ‘100% convinced’ she’s not in the River Wyre. In his first sit-down interview two weeks on from her disappearance, Paul Ansell said he wants to keep ‘all options open’. Although keen not to appear critical of Lancashire Constabulary, whose ‘working hypothesis’ has remained that she fell in the water, he said it has always been his ‘gut instinct’ that wasn’t the case. Speaking to Channel 5 News, Mr Ansell said: ‘Personally, I am 100% convinced it’s not the river. That’s my opinion.’ He went on: ‘People don’t just vanish into thin air. It’s absolutely impossible. So something has happened. Find out what it is. ‘There has to be a way to find out what happened. You cannot walk your dog down a river and just vanish into thin air. Something happened that day, something.’ Ms Bulley disappeared while walking her springer spaniel dog Willow alongside the River Wyre in St Michael’s on Wyre on January 27. She had dropped off her daughters, aged six and nine, at school and was on her usual walk when she vanished. Her phone – still connected to a call for her job as a mortgage adviser – was found on a bench overlooking the river. Despite a huge search of the river and surrounding countryside by Lancashire Police, no trace of her has been found. Detectives have discounted foul play and are treating the incident as a missing person inquiry, believing that Ms Bulley has fallen into the water. But police say they are still keeping an ‘open mind’ and have been appealing for information. They have been given extra powers to break up groups causing a nuisance in the village amid reports of amateur sleuths travelling into the area and filming properties on social media. Officers had previously warned members of the public not to ‘take the law into their own hands’ by breaking into empty or derelict riverside buildings to try to find Ms Bulley. Mr Ansell pleaded with the police to widen their search from the river and to examine ‘every house, every garage and every outbuilding’, adding: ‘I want it all searched. I want it all scrutinised. ‘Every piece of it.’ He said the family was going through ‘unprecedented hell’. ‘But that hope and that positivity in me is stronger than ever, and I’m never, ever going to let go,’ he said. ‘Nikki would never give up on us ever. She wouldn’t give up on anybody. And we’re not going to ever give up on her, we’re going to find her.’ Talking about his children, Mr Ansell went on: ‘The only thing, the only thing that I can do is tell them that everybody is looking for mummy. ‘The best people in the world are looking for mummy – just to give them that, you know, that level of hope that they can understand that everything that can be done to find mummy, is being done.’ Asked how he feels about the situation, Mr Ansell added: ‘Anger, loads of frustration, confusion, disbelief, surrealism, nothing feels real.’ He continued ‘It just doesn’t feel real… I feel like I’m in The Truman Show. I honestly believe I’m going to wake up at any moment… how are we even in this? We are good people.’ Vanished: Where is Nicola Bulley? was shown on Channel 5 at 9pm on Friday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.