Graham Potter is confident his new-look Chelsea team can click against West Ham while he has explained the decision to start Ruben Loftus-Cheek for the first time since November. The Blues boss decided to select five of his January recruits for the trip to east London on Saturday, with Joao Felix coming back into the attack after his suspension and Noni Madueke handed his first start. Despite coming off at half-time against Fulham last time out, Mykahilo Mudryk continues on the left wing with Hakim Ziyech, Mason Mount and Conor Gallagher all dropping out. Loftus-Cheek has been picked to partner record signing Enzo Fernandez in the heart of midfield and Potter feels the 27-year-old – who has been sidelined with injury – is an ideal match-up against West Ham’s physicality and height. Asked about his line-up and the week spent on the training pitch, Potter told BT Sport: ‘Yes, we’ve had a positive week. Obviously you benefit from time together. ‘But at the same time there’s some young players there that need to connect on a Premier League stage so that’s a test for us against a well-organised, hard-to-play-against West Ham side.’ On Loftus-Cheek’s selection, he continued: ‘Well he just provides a little bit of balance for the attacking players. ‘Against West ham I think you have to be strong in the boxes and defend set-pieces, so he helps us in that area as well. ‘So he’s been building his fitness up and I’m looking forward to seeing him play. ‘Whenever you play David Moyes’ sides it’s always a tough game. I have huge respect for him as a coach and whenever you play here it’s always a tough game. ‘So we need to understand that – and the intensity that is inevitably going to be in a London derby – and then we have to bring the best of ourselves to the game.’ Moyes himself was not entirely sure how Chelsea’s rejigged team would line-up, saying: ‘You never know with Chelsea because they’ve got so many good players and we’re not exactly sure what they’re doing. ‘But by the looks of it they’ve got a couple of wingers who are very quick and a centre-forward and a good number 10 in Felix so we probably think it’s something like a 4-2-3-1 or a 4-3-3 in there somewhere. We’ll just have to wait and see.’ MORE : Thiago Silva ‘so happy’ as Chelsea confirm contract extension for defender MORE : Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to reject move to Los Angeles FC and fight for Chelsea place For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 