A man in Singapore has sued a woman for £1.9 million after she turned down his romantic advances and said she saw him only as a friend. K Kawshigan, a director at drone company D1 Racing, launched a suit against Nora Tan Shu Mei following the rejection, alleging that he suffered trauma from the incident. Channel News Asia reported that Ms Tan is countersuing her former friend in an attempt to recover the cost of securing her home. She claims Mr Kawshigan’s harassment is so intense she has had to buy a siren alarm sensor and a smart video doorbell. But Mr Kawshigan said her disparagement of him damaged his ‘stellar reputation’ and his mental health to the extent that he has lost at least five business partnerships. His suit, which is seeking three million Singapore dollars, includes S$1.2million (about £750,000) for loss of potential investments, contracts and payouts due to his shrinking network and S$170,000 (£105,000) for reduction in his earning capacity. This is his second attempt at suing Ms Tan – he separately tried to win damages of S$22,000 (about £13,700) claiming she breached an agreement to improve their relationship. However, that suit was thrown out of court, with a deputy registrar saying the court wouldn’t play a role in a ‘calculated attempt to compel engagement’ from Ms Tan. In his latest suit, Mr Kawshigan lists a number of allegedly defamatory remarks that he says were made when third parties were present to overhear. In one, Ms Tan said: ‘He is unnecessarily serving court documents to me personally and he has not tried other ways available to him.’ He also claims to have been defamed when Ms Tan allegedly said she was feeling very harassed by his actions, which included standing in front of her door. In her countersuit, which includes the equivalent of around £900 for costs of the security equipment and future counselling, Ms Tan claims Mr Kawshigan rattled her door and asked her neighbours for her phone number. She alleges he said he would go to her workplace if she refused to talk to him, and then did later that month – but she was not there. Ms Tan’s lawyers intend to use the fair comment defence for her allegedly defamatory statements, Channel News Asia reported, as they reflect her honest opinion of Mr Kawshigan’s behaviour. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.