Thousands of pounds of drugs, including 4.5million fentanyl pills, were seized during a massive drug bust in Arizona that lead to the arrest of over 150 Sinaloa Cartel associates. The US Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) and the Tempe Police Department announced the bust at a press conference held in front of evidence bags full of narcotics and seized automatic weapons. The seized drugs consist of 138 grams of cocaine, 35 kilograms of heroin, and 3100 pounds of methamphetamine. Additionally, investigators found 66 kilograms of fentanyl powder and 4.5 counterfeit prescription drug pills laced with the deadly synthetic opioid. The bust also recovered 49 illegal guns and over $2million in cash. In total, the seized goods were valued at $13million. The bust was the result of a three-year investigation into the Sinaloa Cartel and the Jalisco New Generation Cartel’s operations in Arizona. ‘I want to be crystal clear – the drugs in this room and the drugs that are flooding Arizona every single day are sourced by one evil entity – the Sinaloa Drug Cartel,’ said Cheri Oz, the DEA’s special agent-in-charge for Arizona said. ‘DEA Arizona is laser focused on the Sinaloa Drug Cartel, and we will defeat them. We will not stop.’ The Sinaloa Cartel, which operates out of the Mexican city of Culiacan, was run by the brutal drug lord Joaquin ‘El Chapo’ Guzman until his arrest and conviction in the United States in 2019. ‘The drug cartels are putting fentanyl in all of their illicit drugs, such as cocaine, methamphetamine, heroin, and fake pills, which they disguise to look like legitimate pharmaceutical pills,’ Special Agent Oz said. ‘It is trickery, it is deception, it is death.’ According to the Centers for Disease Control, there were over 106,000 opioid overdose deaths in the US in 2021. Deaths involving synthetic opioids, including fentanyl, rose over 22%. ‘There are few families in our state and across our country that haven’t been touched in some way by the scourge of the opioid epidemic and the fentanyl crisis,’ Arizona Attorney General Kris Mayes said. Mayes said that of the 50million doses of fentanyl seized in the US last year, half of them were found in Arizona. ‘While busts like this don’t fully solve the problem that we face, getting as many of these drugs off the streets as possible will undoubtedly save lives,’ the attorney general said. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.