Nike have confirmed they no longer have any ties with Mason Greenwood after the suspended Manchester United forward reposted the kit manufacturer to his Instagram account. Last week, charges of attempted rape and assault were dropped against England footballer Greenwood. The 21-year-old was arrested in January 2022 amid allegations surrounding images and videos that appeared on social media. Greenwood was later charged with attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and assault occasioning actual bodily harm. The charges were dropped as key witnesses withdrew their involvement, the Crown Prosecution Service said. Greenwood has been suspended from playing or training with Manchester United since the allegations surfaced. He also lost his sponsorship deal with Nike, although there was some confusion over the current situation as he put the manufacturer back on his Instagram bio on Monday. But Nike have confirmed that their previous statement in relation to Greenwood remains applicable now. It read: ‘Mason Greenwood is no longer a Nike athlete.’ Manchester United, meanwhile, have said they will carry out an internal investigation before ‘determining next steps’ in regards to Greenwood. The 21-year-old made 129 appearances for his boyhood club before being suspended, scoring 35 goals. He made his one and only England cap in September 2020. It has been reported that the Manchester United squad are concerned about Greenwood returning this season, while the forward is said to be considering a move abroad if the Premier League club block his return. United are enjoying an encouraging season under Erik ten Hag, climbing to third in the Premier League and reaching the EFL Cup final. After the charges were dropped, Greenwood said in a statement: ‘I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. There will be no further comment at this time.’  Explaining why the charges were dropped, a Crown Prosecution Service spokesperson said: ‘We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. ‘In this case a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case. ‘We have explained our decision to all parties. We would always encourage any potential victims to come forward and report to police and we will prosecute wherever our legal test is met.’ MORE : Barcelona confirm injury blow ahead of Manchester United tie MORE : Ex-Arsenal scout reveals why club failed to sign Jude Bellingham For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 