Welcome to How I Do It, the series in which we give you a seven-day sneak peek into the sex life of a stranger. This week, we hear from Kate Smurthwaite, a 47-year-old stand-up comedian and political activist who’s straight and solo-polyamorous – meaning she doesn’t have a primary partner. ‘I have a lot of sex,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘I feel very lucky in that respect. I am vaguely looking for a more regular boyfriend, someone I see a couple of times a week and can relax more with. ‘But my lifestyle, wild promiscuity and near-constant global travel is not up for negotiation, so the job is not for everyone. I am in no hurry.’ Kate’s job necessitates her being on the road two-thirds of the year and she loves it – she travels for fun when she can too. ‘It would be lonely if I was monogamous,’ she says, ‘both in terms of [having] no sex life and in terms of how much harder it is to meet people in other ways.’ Kate says she meets 70% of her dates and hook-ups on apps like Feeld, Tinder, and Bumble. ‘I think it’s the best way to meet people,’ she says. ‘In person, it’s awkward to ask “You’re not a Tory or anything are you?”. On the apps, you can filter for that, check them out in six different outfits and ask any questions before you consider leaving the house.’ Outside of the apps, Kate also meets people at parties or through friends. ‘One advantage of polyamory is that if a friend is dating someone I fancy,’ she explains, ‘they’ll offer to set me up with them. ‘There are even words for it like “compersion” (being happy that a partner is having a good time even though you’re not there) and “smorgy” (the smug feeling you get when you bring someone really hot, or sexually skillful, to an orgy).’ Without any further ado, here’s how Kate got on this week… Warning: The following is, as you might imagine, not safe for work. After coffee with my best mate, I’ve scheduled a date with Sam*. The weather is terrible so we decide he will come straight over. And since he’s doing that, I put on some fancy underwear, which I know he will appreciate. I met Sam a year ago at a sex party. Actually at three sex parties spaced out due to the pandemic, but it was only at the third one that we finally got it on. Since then, when I am in the UK, I see him about once a month. The sex is always incredible with Sam – the best sex is all about communication, and we do that well. Nothing particularly depraved, just intense and electric. He jokes about how quickly he can remove my 13-hook basque given his fine motor disability, and he likes my fingers running along his back. He is particularly well-endowed, which presents a reasonable physical challenge, but one for which I am game. I’m a bit sore still from yesterday. This is the menopause in action. Ten years ago would have been different. I’m no less horny now, just need a little more recovery time. My doctor calls it “vaginal atrophy”, but I’m not comfortable with that sort of language. I take a nice long soak in the bath and apply some oestrogen cream. This evening is the annual comedian’s Christmas party. We have it in the new year because we are all working at everyone else’s Christmas parties in December. I don’t generally get involved with colleagues for obvious reasons and also because comedians are a strange bunch. Towards the end of the night a close friend, a Scottish comedian, tells me he loves me and we snog briefly. After I leave he snogs my gay best friend. Just after lunch, Dev* comes over for a daytime quickie. I’ve known him for years – we met when he was my housemate’s (open relationship) boyfriend. Both the housemate and the relationship have long since left the building but once in a while we flirt on Instagram and this usually leads to a flying visit. He specialises in cunnilingus which is most of what we do. It’s just as well, as my menopausal vulva can’t handle much more. He works as a photographer and always gets some nice videos of us that I know I will enjoy revisiting later when I’m travelling. In the evening, I have a show in Cambridge which I would usually take as an opportunity to visit a lover who lives there. I have too much packing to do before Friday however, so I take the last train home. I had a date planned tonight with a regular partner but one who has had a lot of health problems recently (and has a teenage child too) so I am not surprised when he cancels. I’m sorry not to see him before I leave and horny enough to consider other options. I message a guy I hooked up with a couple of weeks ago, but he has a dissertation deadline and it’s getting late, so I watch just telly and get an early night. It’s my last day in the UK for two and a half months so Taz* comes over. I only met him around a month ago, but I’ve been seeing a lot of him and having a lot of sex. He has long dark hair and there is something madly intoxicating about him. He’s relatively new to being poly, and not that far out of his conservative Muslim upbringing. He jokes that after he first tried bacon, he thought ‘if it’s this good, how great must gay sex be?’. There’s something wonderful about taking lovely beautiful people to their first sex party, their first oil party, and their first threesome. In the month I’ve known him we’ve cracked through all three of those. We go out for Thai food and a share lot of laughs. I’m going to miss him. He warns me he is feeling a little run down and might not want too much action. When we get back we decide to sleep, but he assures me he is going to ‘bang my brains out’ in the morning. In the morning Taz feels considerably worse, and it’s clear my brains aren’t going anywhere. He does work in IT though, so he’s a great help getting my visa documents and boarding passes printed. He has a Zoom meeting from my bed while I fry up breakfast (bacon of course) and we walk to the station together. One of the real joys of my on-the-road poly lifestyle is the opportunity to dip into another world once in a while. I’m travelling to Australia for work and stop off en route in Amman at 1:30am. Hamza*, a local Bedouin guy, is waiting for me. We met last summer when I took a package tour of Jordan. It was badly run and frustrating, but I hooked up with him when we hit the desert at Wadi Rum, so all was not lost. He’s who I’m dropping back to see. It takes a good four hours for him to drive us back to his village, and we are far too tired for any action by then. We catch up properly in the morning. There are definitely cultural differences, and he thinks I am rather outrageous, but then, in fairness, I am. He doesn’t object. And besides, I think driving a 4×4 jeep around the desert for the rest of the day is pretty wild. Wadi Rum is where they filmed The Martian and I know in a few days this little side-jaunt will feel like a wholly different planet for me too. The best thing about poly life is definitely the ‘intergalactic’ travel. *Names have been changed. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m a lesbian and slept with a man at a sex party – it was life-changing’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m single at 52 – it’s like my sex life has been born again’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’ve been a stripper for 23 years – I love my job’