Ian Wright says Arsenal will be ready for Manchester City for their all important Premier League clash – regardless of whether Erling Haaland plays or not. The Gunners’ title hopes took a dent over the weekend after they were held to a controversial draw with Brentford on Saturday and the Citizens beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Sunday. The gap between the two clubs is not just three points, though City have played a game more, with the title rivals set to meet in the league for the first time on Wednesday. Thanks to their superior goal difference, Pep Guardiola’s side will go ahead of Mikel Arteta’s men if they win at the Emirates. However, City have potentially been dealt a huge injury blow after star striker Haaland was subbed off at half-time against Villa with what appeared to be a thigh injury, having earlier set up Ilkay Gundogan for the second goal of the match. Post-match, Guardiola could not provide a clear answer as to whether the 22-year-old would be available to face Arsenal, saying: ‘Right now I don’t know. We will have to see over the next few days. ‘He got a knock and was uncomfortable so at 3-0 up we didn’t want to take the risk. We will assess him and if he’s not ready we will play someone else. Hopefully he is ready.’ But even if the Norway international, who has netted 31 goals in 29 games this season, is fit, Wright is confident his former side can get a result. ‘We saw what he [Haaland] can do with his stretching of the team which is something that can cause problems, but it was always going to be a tough game for Arsenal,’ the Gunners legend said on Match of the Day 2. ‘We’ve seen what City are capable of without Haaland. It’s a game that Arsenal need to win, they need to win their home games and City are coming there now knowing if they win that game they’ll go top. ‘Pep’s talking about it’s still early but they know this terrain, they know what they need to be doing. But I think Arsenal will be ready for them. ‘Arsenal will be looking forward to this game. It was unfortunate against Brentford how that turned out but I think the point is good enough. This is the kind of game to get yourself going again.’ Wright alongside fellow pundit Jermaine Jenas also predicted that Guardiola will revert to a back-four formation on Wednesday despite the success he has enjoyed with a three in recent games. ‘As beautiful as it was today, they can’t play three against Arsenal. Not with [Gabriel] Martinelli and [Bukayo] Saka and what they can do,’ Jenas said. ‘It will be a more conventional four with maybe Nathan Ake at left-back to sure things up on that side.’ MORE : West Ham among ‘many clubs’ interested in out of contract Arsenal star Reiss Nelson MORE : Rodrigo Bentancur out for rest of season as Tottenham suffer another major injury blow For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 