Nicola Bulley’s family have paid tribute to the mum-of-two after a body was found by police. The 45-year-old has been missing for three weeks and her family said tonight they were ‘incredibly heartbroken’. This evening, Sky News correspondent Inzamam Rashid said he had been in contact with Ms Bulley’s relatives via text. He said: ‘They are incredibly heartbroken by this significant development from Lancashire Police.’ It was later said that Nicola’s partner, Paul Ansell had messaged the reporter and said: ‘No words right now, just agony. Earlier today Lancashire Police said a body had been found in the River Wyre in the search for the mum who went missing on January 27. It was just a few hours after a road was sealed off around a mile away from where she went missing. Lancashire Police said in a statement: ‘This morning, Sunday, 19 February, you may be aware of police activity around the river near to St Michaels. ‘We want to provide you with an update on that activity. ‘We were called today at 11:36am to reports of a body in the River Wyre, close to Rawcliffe Road. ‘An underwater search team and specialist officers have subsequently attended the scene, entered the water and have sadly recovered a body. ‘No formal identification has yet been carried out, so we are unable to say whether this is Nicola Bulley at this time. ‘Procedures to identify the body are on-going. We are currently treating the death as unexplained. ‘Nicola’s family have been informed of developments and our thoughts are with them at this most difficult of times. We ask that their privacy is respected.’ Nicola was last seen at 9.10am on January 27, taking her usual route with her dog, Willow, alongside the river. Earlier that morning, she had dropped off her two young daughters at school. Her phone – still connected to a work call – was found about 20 minutes later on a bench overlooking the riverbank, with her spaniel running around, but Nicola was nowhere to be found. Police said the main working hypothesis was that she had fallen into the river after dropping her dog’s ball by mistake, and had drowned. Detectives continue to maintain the stance that no third party is involved in the case. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.