Olivia Colman proved she is the queen of versatility after showing off her incredible transformation as Miss Havisham in the upcoming BBC adaptation of Great Expectations. It was confirmed last February that The Lost Daughter actress, 49, will be playing the wealthy spinster in the coming-of-age story, created by Bafta-winning writer Steven Knight. In the official teaser, The Crown star tells the young orphan Pip (Tom Sweet): ‘Let me see you… what a prize creature we have fished from the river.’ Olivia stayed true to character as she donned wild white hair and stained teeth. In July 2022, the BBC dropped a first look at the actress in action showing her acting opposite Pip actor Fionn Whitehead and Estella actress Shalom Brune-Franklin. In the photo of Olivia and Fionn, Miss Havisham is holding Pip by the chin, and in the other, the fictional character is standing up in an ornate, cobwebbed room, leaning on her walking stick to keep her upright while a shocked or fatigued expression dawns on her face. In the novel Great Expectations, which was first published between 1860 and 1861 in serialised form, Miss Havisham welcomes Pip into her home as a companion, to join her and her adopted daughter Estella. While Pip falls in love with Estella, Estella is taught from a young age by Miss Havisham not to love men, which results in there being a roadblock in their relationship. The latest adaptation of the story, by the BBC and FX, will be a six-part limited series. Great Expectations and A Christmas Carol are the first two in a series of adaptations of Dickens’ novels that have been commissioned by both broadcasters. The cast also boasts actors including Ashley Thomas, Johnny Harris, Hayley Squires, Owen McDonnell, Trystan Gravelle, Rudi Dharmalingam and Matt Berry. Fionn previously starred in Dunkirk and Black Mirror: Bandersnatch, earning a nomination for the Empire Award for Best Male Newcomer for the former. Shalom has starred in a variety of dramas including Our Girl, Doctor Doctor and War of the Worlds, as well as The Tourist alongside Jamie Dornan and Line of Duty as DC Chloë Bishop. Great Expectations will air later this year BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC cancels popular wildlife show Autumnwatch after 17 years MORE : Charlotte Crosby on chronicling her pregnancy, daughter’s birth, mum’s cancer diagnosis and her Nana’s death in BBC Three documentary 