Scarlett Moffatt is going to be a mum! The former Gogglebox star, 32, announced the adorable news that she’s expecting her first child with boyfriend Scott Dobinson on Saturday. She shared her pregnancy with her followers by uploading the cutest video, showing her chihuahua Bonnie wearing a brown neckerchief with the words, ‘I’m going to be a big sister’ written across it. The pooch sat next to photos from Scarlett’s ultrasound, with Turning Page by Sleeping At Last playing in the background of the clip. Scarlett captioned her post: ‘It truly feels like a dream writing this caption.Me & Scott are on cloud nine & we are so happy that we get to share this moment with you all. ‘You are so loved already little one.  Baby Dobinson coming soon ☁️’ She was inundated with sweet congratulatory messages, with Jacqueline Jossa commenting: ‘Eeeeeeek ❤️❤️❤️ congratulations darling xxx’ Giovanna Fletcher wrote: ‘Aaaaaaaaaaah!!!!!!! Huge congratulations! Xxxxx’ ‘Congratulations’ ❤️’, commented Christine McGuinness. Her Gogglebox family were also keen to send their well wishes, with Izzi Warner commenting: ‘Awww lovely news ❤️ congratulations xx’ Saturday Night Takeaway’s Scarlett started dating policeman Scott four years ago. Scarlett previously shared that she and Scott have known each other since she was 17, but he came back into her life at a time when she had sworn herself off men after having her heart broken many times. The TV icon was initially reluctant to go on a date with him but hey, look at them now! She and Scott did briefly split in March 2021, but the separation didn’t last long. In fact, less than 24 hours after they announced the break-up, the couple had reconciled. She wrote in the now deleted post: ‘Unfortunately me and Scott are no longer together. Nothing major has happened, it’s just one of those sad things. ‘I’m going to stay positive for the future and if this lockdown has taught me anything it’s to grab life by the horns as life’s far too short.’ However, it appears their relationship has only gone from strength to strength over the past two years. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Matt Smith all smiles as he reunites with ex girlfriend Lily James in London after her rumoured breakup MORE : Katherine Ryan enters full Stacey Dooley mode and quizzes David Haye on ‘throuple’ rumours with Una Healy and Sian Osborne 