A woman has been spared jail despite leaving her boyfriend permanently disfigured when she bit his nose off. Bronwyn Downs, 26, and Luke Berry were on a night out together in Bramhall, Cheshire, when trouble broke out. The couple, who had dated for six months, went to the Drawing Room wine bar after a few cocktails on March 25 last year. When they went to use the jukebox, a woman went and sat where they had previously been sitting. Luke went over and asked her to move, which she did. But then a second person sat there and when he went over to speak to her Downs marched over and asked ‘what’s going on?’. Prosecutor Duncan Wilcock said: ‘The groups started to become abusive towards each other and someone picked up and threw a glass. A melee broke out and door staff came over to break it up. ‘A member of the door staff put [Downs] in a headlock and [Luke came over to try and get in between them and help her. It ended with him ushering her out of the venue. ‘When the pair got outside the venue the defendant told the complainant that she had left her bag inside. ‘He said he would sort it out but as he said this he realised that the defendant had clamped down onto his nose with her teeth and pulled.’ She spat the end of his nose, including nostrils, onto the floor before running off. Police later found her drifting in and out of consciousness. Mr Wilcock said: ‘She said she hits people and doesn’t know anything about it. She said that her mother had something very similar.’ Luke did not support the prosecution, saying that Downs needed help rather than punishment. Recorder Michael Blakey told her: ‘This was an unwarranted attack – a nasty attack. Perhaps you were drinking more than you can cope with. ‘The use of teeth is a weapon and the complainant has had to receive surgery as a result of this incident. ‘You know that drink and drugs don’t mix, you’ve got to take your pills but do not drink in excess once you have taken them.’ He handed her a 12-month prison sentence suspended for 16 months and must carry out 100 hours of community service. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.