The Masked Singer tonight unveiled Knitting as Claire Richards, as the Steps singer became the sixth celebrity to be unveiled. The popular ITV competition series sees a host of stars sport extravagant costumes while belting out tunes, while judges Rita Ora, Jonathan Ross, Davina McCall and Mo Gilligan guess their identity. In the latest instalment of the juggernaut series, presented by Joel Dommett, Knitting was finally revealed to be Claire! Viewers had been pretty convinced it would be Claire, after cryptic clues included ‘all the world’s a stage’ and that they ‘used to be in the background’ led many to believe that Knitting used to be in a band. Other clues included that they learned skills by ‘watching and copying’, perhaps referring to when Steps supported Britney Spears. Meanwhile, early on in the competition, Davina noted  a clue in the knitting needles of ‘4M’ which could be the amount of singles the band had sold, and seemed to remember Claire being on a show where she learned to breathe fire, which could explain the ‘dragon breath’ clue. However, Claire actually explained that the four knitting needles referred to Big Brother, in which she finished fourth. ‘I thought you were just going to get me from day one, so when you didn’t I was so chuffed,’ she told the judges after being announced. ‘I feel like a fan who has won a competition,’ she added, joking that her son might be ‘mortified’ at the surprise. Claire had hilariously joined in on the guessing fun on Twitter, trolling fans with her commentary. Ahead of being unveiled, during Knitting’s first performance, Claire penned: ‘Still so confused! #knitting. I don’t think it’s Jane Macdonald anymore 🤔 but who??? @MaskedSingerUK’. After the unveiling, Davina praised Claire’s ‘stunning’ voice while Rita commented: ‘Your voice is fantastic. And the tragedy thing was such a huge clue.’ The Masked Singer continues next Saturday on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Masked Singer UK judging panel set to face major shake-up with three guest stars MORE : Pregnant Katherine Ryan had her baby’s foot in her ribcage during The Masked Singer but still insisted on full choreography 