Nicole Scherzinger saw rumours that she and Thom Evans had split and she shut them down faster than you can say ‘loosen up my buttons, baby.’ The Pussycat Doll, 44, started dating rugby hunk Thom, 37, three years ago, and they’ve had us green with envy ever since with their adorable displays on social media. However, reports emerged on Friday that the lovebirds had called time on their romance, claiming Thom was ‘distraught’ by the whole ordeal. It was said that Thom had moved in with a pal in West London, pouring his heart out to them while Nicole remained in Los Angeles. A source said: ‘Thom looked distraught. He was saying things have gone wrong lately and now he’s back in the UK for the foreseeable, while Nicole lives full-time in Los Angeles.’ They added to The Sun: ‘They’ve had the most amazing relationship, and they’ve plastered it all over the internet for all to see. ‘If anything, a lot of people thought they were pretty smug about it, to be honest, so there might be a bit of humble pie here if things are over for good.’ But, Nicole is not here for the speculation and has made it pretty clear that her romance with Thom is rock solid. Taking to her Instagram Story, the pop star and former X Factor judge shared a screenshot of the original article. Blasting the reports, she wrote: ‘Wow this is news to us’. Nicole added: ‘What a joke’, followed by a crying laughing emoji, showing she’s holding no grudges. Having the last laugh and teasing her romantic plans with her other half for V Day, she concluded: ‘See you for Valentine’s Day babe @te11’. Thom then reposted the same statement to his own page, showing the pair are well and truly united. The sporting star first met the pop star when Thom appeared as a guest on a celebrity spin-off of The X Factor. Thom joined up with fellow rugby players Ben Foden and Levi Davis to form supergroup Try Star, finishing up in fifth place. It didn’t take long for love to blossom between him and the judge, with speculation arising last year that they are engaged. Back in July, The Daily Mail wrote that Thom down on one knee on the island of Mykonos after whisking Nicole away for a romantic holiday. A source said to be a friend of the couple told the outlet ‘they are getting married,’ adding that Thom has always known Nicole was ‘the one.’ And while neither party has confirmed nor denied the rumours of wedding bells, Nicole certainly hasn’t been shy in expressing her love for Thom. The When I Grow Up singer previously said he is ‘the man of my dreams’, revealing that she wants to have children with him. She told The Mirror: ‘I definitely want kids, at the right time.’ ‘It is all about timing,’ she added. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kylie Minogue ‘splits from British boyfriend after five years together’ due to long distance MORE : Beyonce fans go into overdrive as Grammys host Trevor Noah teases ‘favourite’ female performance   You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 