Bukayo Saka has told Arsenal he wants to extend his stay with the club and is set to become the Gunners’ highest-paid player, according to reports. The 21-year-old has entered the final 18 months of his current contract – which expires in the summer of 2024 – and there had been reports that Manchester City and other European giants were starting to circle. Arsenal have been working furiously behind the scenes to secure the future of Saka, having already tied up a new deal for Gabriel Martinelli. Now the Daily Mail are reporting that ‘significant progress’ has been made towards an agreement in recent weeks and all parties are confident he will put pen to paper soon. Saka has told Arsenal bosses that he wants to stay at the club, with the team’s position at the summit of the Premier League table having played a big role in his decision. The deal is far enough advanced that the principles of the new contract are already in place, with just a few smaller details still to be resolved. Saka is set to earn in excess of £200,000-a-week, plus bonuses, which will make him the club’s highest-paid player. The youngster feels a great affinity towards Arsenal, having come through the club’s academy, but has always been keen to ensure their ambition matches his own before penning fresh terms. With the side two points clear at the top of the Premier League table – with a game in hand over City – he feels he can achieve titles and compete in the Champions League on a regular basis at Arsenal. Once the Gunners have wrapped up a deal for Saka, their final big contract task will be to secure a new deal for centre-back William Saliba. The Frenchman is also out of contract in the summer of 2024 and Arsenal are desperate to tie him down for the long-term, with his performances at the back having been central to the team’s title charge. Asked earlier this month about the possibility of new deals being announced for Saka and Saliba, manager Arteta said: ‘The plan is to extend the contracts of our biggest talents and commit them for the future and that’s what we are trying to do. ‘We have started with Gabi, which is good news, and the others will be done whenever we can. But we all have to agree because we have to meet everybody’s expectations and timing is key on that.’ MORE : Arsenal consider ‘monstrous offer’ for Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund MORE : ‘He worships details!’ – Arsenal star Jorginho compares Mikel Arteta to former Chelsea manager Maurizio Sarri For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 