The family of Nicola Bulley have said they believe the public focus on her private life has become a distraction from finding her. In a statement issued through Lancashire Police, the family said: ‘It has now been 3 weeks since Nikki went missing. ‘We, as a family, believe that the public focus has become distracted from finding Nikki, & more about speculation and rumours into her private life. ‘As a family, we were aware that Lancashire Police, last night, released a statement with some personal details. ‘Although we know that Nikki would not have wanted this, there are people out there threatening to sell stories about her. This is appalling and needs to stop. ‘The police know the truth about Nikki and now the public need to focus on finding her.’ Lancashire Police have been contacted by the police watchdog over information released to the public in the Nicola Bulley case. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) has said they have spoken with Lancashire Police over the information made public in a press conference about missing mother Nicola Bulley’s private life. The statement added: ‘Due to the perimenopause Nikki suffered with significant side effects such as brain fog, restless sleep and was taking HRT to help but this was giving her intense headaches which caused Nikki to stop taking the HRT thinking that may have helped her but only ended up causing this crisis. ‘The public focus has to be on finding her and not making up wild theories about her personal life. ‘Despite what some media outlets and individuals are suggesting, we are being updated daily and receive support from our family liaison officers. ‘Nikki is such a wonderful daughter, sister, partner and mother and is missed dearly – we all need you back in our lives.’ Yesterday, Lancashire Police spoke of how the missing mum was deemed high-risk when she vanished on January 27. They also revealed that officers had been called to the home of Nicola and her partner Paul on January 10. Lancashire Police, along with a number of other specialist teams spent days dredging the River Wyre in Lancashire, which is close to the last place she was seen after she dropped her two daughters at school. The force reiterated today that there is no evidence to indicate a criminal aspect to the case. Assistant Chief Constable Peter Lawson said: ‘I would emphasise that it remains the case there is no evidence to indicate a criminal aspect or third party involvement in Nicola’s disappearance. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.