Molly-Mae Hague has opened up about the reality of being a first-time mum with a newborn and those sleepless nights she’s now dealing with. The Love Island star welcomed her daughter Bambi with boyfriend Tommy Fury on January 23 and recently confirmed she had a natural birth, describing it as her ‘biggest achievement’. Since announcing her baby girl’s arrival, Molly, 23, has shared glimpses of her new chapter of motherhood on social media, from bringing Bambi home from the hospital for the first time, to giving the tot her first bath. However, she’s now also shared the challenges of having a newborn that many other new mums are no doubt contending with. In her latest Instagram story, Molly is seen cradling her daughter and showering her with kisses while gently rocking her. She wrote in the caption: ‘The nights are the hardest but also the most special. ‘You have completely stolen my heart little girl. There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you.’ In his own little update, new dad Tommy, 23, shared a photo of his phone wallpaper which now has a sweet image of Molly snuggled into Bambi as the little one sleeps. It comes after Molly shared a tidbit about her labour story after being bombarded with questions about the delivery. Alongside a set of photos from her first week as a mother, including hospital photos, the PrettyLittleThing creative director told her followers: ‘The start of labour. A lot of you have asked if I was able to have a natural birth as Tommy was wearing scrubs in our first pic… yes I was able to have a natural delivery. ‘I can’t wait to tell you all about it soon. Biggest and best achievement of my whole entire life.’ Despite being showered with love from her supporters, Molly has also been met with criticism from those who seemed concerned for her child’s safety, after seeing how Bambi was sitting in her car seat in the photos. Cruel trolls recently targeted her for the way she carried Bambi in a video of her arriving home from the hospital. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague criticised by cruel trolls for way she carried newborn daughter Bambi into her home MORE : Ulrika Jonsson defends Molly-Mae Hague after Love Island star splashes out on £5,000 cot for baby Bambi 