Amanda Holden had listeners in bits as she made some pretty spicy comments while chomping down on a giant pickle. During the Britain’s Got Talent presenter’s Heart Breakfast radio show, the 52-year-old tried out a viral TikTok trend, in which people film themselves eating a giant packaged pickle (naturally). The actor’s co-host Ashley Roberts was delighted to watch as she opened a packet of Van Holten’s Hot Pickle, and tried the vinegary juice before taking a chunk out of the enormous vegetable. ‘It tastes a bit like the sea but with chilli powder in it,’ Amanda commented while slurping some of that, er, sweet, sweet, pickle juice, which she said smelt ‘amazing’. ‘Look at this baby,’ the Wild At Heart star said as she opened up the wrapping and revealed the vegetable to Ashley, who agreed and said, ‘Wow that is a big papa pickle’. Having fun with the joke, Amanda continued: ‘I’m used to bigger, I’m gonna say.’ Now riffing off each other in a few moments of broadcasting perfection, 41-year-old Ashley replied, ‘Oh em gee honey, that’s large,’ to which Amanda joked after taking a sizable bite while looking into the camera, ‘Oh my god it’s gorgeous’. ‘Is it crunchy and yummy?’ Ashley asked. Amanda seemed to genuinely really enjoy the oversized snack, as she said she ‘really’ liked it and it was ‘really good’. When she’s not eating giant pickles, Amanda was recently seen rocking the red carpet with her lookalike 17-year-old daughter Lexi during London Fashion Week. The mum of two also celebrated turning 52 on the beach last week as she posted some incredible pictures of her in a bikini living her best life. Amanda’s celeb friends gave their well wishes, as This Country star Daisy May Cooper penned, ‘Happy birthday gorgeous xx [sic]’, while singer Alexandra Burke wrote: ‘Happy birthday my darling xxx sending love [sic]’ The big day came after Amanda divulged details of how the new BGT judge, Strictly Come Dancing’s Bruni Tonioli is getting on, as she revealed the exuberant personality has already ‘broken every rule’ of the show. Bruno is replacing comedian and author David Walliams on the judging panel, who was dismissed after it was revealed he made derogatory comments about contestants. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden and daughter Lexi, 17, match in cut-out dresses at Julian Macdonald London Fashion Week show MORE : Amanda Holden absolutely living her best glam bikini life as she celebrates turning 52 