Jack Grealish was the subject of some criticism after he won a penalty in Manchester City’s 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Sunday. City won at the Etihad courtesy of three first-half goals from Rodri, Ilkay Gundogan and Riyad Mahrez, and though Ollie Watkins pulled one back on the hour mark, the three points never looked in doubt. Mahrez’s goal came from the penalty spot just before the break after Grealish was brought down by Jacob Ramsey in the box. While there was no doubt it was penalty, the England international got some stick from Manchester United legends Gary Neville and Roy Keane for the way in which he won the spot-kick. ‘He’s clever, he’s played the defender here,’ Neville said on Sky Sports. He’s just thrown his left leg in a sort of like karaoke movement to make sure he gets contact. Some will say it’s a clear penalty but let me tell you, Jack Grealish has played for that like you wouldn’t believe. He knows exactly what he is doing.’ Grealish, whether fairly or unfairly, does have a reputation of going down too easily, and back in his Villa days he was one of if not the most fouled player in the Premier League. And while Keane did compare the 27-year-old to a certain iconic British diver, he also stated his admiration for getting the penalty which killed the game off. He said: ‘You have to give credit to Jack Grealish for being very smart. It’s naive from Ramsey. ‘Jack is more like Tom Daley, as Gary says on commentary he knows exactly what he is doing.’ The result moves City back up to second in the table, with Pep Guardiola’s side now just three points behind Arsenal ahead of the pivotal clash at the Emirates on Wednesday. MORE : Erik ten Hag calls Marcus Rashford ‘one of the best strikers in Europe’ after Manchester United beat Leeds MORE : Manchester United and Leeds condemn fans for ‘completely unacceptable’ chants during Premier League clash For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 