A dying woman told paramedics her husband doused her in flammable liquid before ‘setting her on fire’, an inquest has heard. Nosheen Akhtar, 31, died in hospital with severe burns on 24 July 2021, one day after the incident in Bury, Greater Manchester. She ran from her home onto East Street engulfed in flames as neighbours tried to help her, Rochdale Coroner’s Court was told on Monday. Ms Akhtar – originally from Pakistan – said to paramedic Amy Bradburn who treated her: ‘My husband did it’, though he reportedly offers a different account of what happened. The pair were reportedly having troubles in their marriage. Giving evidence at the inquest, Ms Bradburn said the woman’s face ‘looked as though it had been melted’ and she had ‘extensive burns’ on her body. She was ‘screaming in agony for us to help’, according to another paramedic Duncan Mayoh. In a statement read out in court, Ms Akhtar’s family described her as ‘brave’ and ‘good-natured’, but said she ‘kept a lot from the family’. ‘Nosheen did not want to show the family that she was stressed,’ the statement read. ‘She was very nice. She used to take care of us like a mother.’ Husband Waqas Mahmood was treated at the scene for several blister burns to his hand. He was described as ‘worked up’ but ‘cooperative’ by the medic who tended to his wounds. ‘I asked what had happened and he explained that his wife had poured white spirit on herself and set fire to herself,’ Mr Wilson said. He said: ‘She came into the living room on fire and he set about trying to extinguish the flames using cushions, towels and blankets then picked her up and took her out of the house.’ Yet, the inquest – which will last seven days – was told CCTV footage showed Ms Akhtar running out of the property on fire, while Mr Mahmood and his brother Hasnain used cushions to try and extinguish the flames. Mr Mahmood was present at the inquest on Monday, but his brother was not. No verdict has been given yet. In the months leading up to her death, Ms Akhtar spoke of marriage problems to family and medical professionals, the inquest heard. Her mother Zaheera Bibi said Ms Akhtar mentioned she and Mr Mahmood often fought and she was ‘fed up’ with him visiting his ex-wife – on an almost daily basis. ‘She used to ring and cry on the phone,’ said Ms Bibi. ‘There were so many fights and arguments between them.’ Ms Bradburn said Ms Akhtar informed a colleague at the scene she ‘poured petrol on herself’. After visiting family in Pakistan in 2020, Ms Bibi said her daughter ‘seemed worried’ about returning to the UK. ‘She wanted to make her marriage successful and she wanted to do whatever she could do to save her marriage.’ In February 2021, Ms Akhtar was taken to hospital after suffering an overdose, the inquest heard. Dr Afzal Hussain told the inquest that during an appointment with Ms Akhtar the following month, she claimed to have taken the overdose ‘in frustration’, accusing Mr Mahmood of ‘neglecting and ignoring’ her. Speaking over the phone a day before the incident, Ms Bibi said her daughter seemed ‘in a happy mood’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.