Sam Smith has revealed their life-long dream of becoming a… ‘fisher-them’. The Unholy singer, who recently slayed with an epic Brit Awards performance, announced they were non-binary back in 2019 and has since been asking people to use they/them pronouns. Including terms like fisher-them, which Sam corrected on Wednesday’s The One Show. Chatting to Ronan Keating and Alex Jones, the 30-year-old admitted their love for fishing. The Stay With Me singer continued: ‘I’d love to be a fisher-them.’ When Alex replied: ‘What, like a fly fisherman?’ Sam corrected: ‘I’d be any type of fisher-them.’ They added: ‘I think I would like to, one day, I’d just like to end my days fishing. ‘Like sitting on a bank.’ ‘I do it on the sea and I do it on lakes. I’ve never done it alone, someone’s almost taught me,’ Sam said. While some showered Sam in support on social media, with one person writing: ‘People are more arsed about Sam Smith wearing funny clothes and saying “fisher-them” than they are about LGBT+ people being abused, attacked, and murdered on the daily. Mental,’ others weren’t so impressed. Piers Morgan for one couldn’t hold back his controversial views, slamming Sam: ‘Sam Smith needs to shut up.’ However, others rushed to Sam’s defence, with one writing: ‘The fact that this bothers you so much says more about you than it does about Sam Smith.’ Sam revealing their life-long dream comes after the Brit Awards were hit with more than 100 Ofcom complaints, many sadly revolving around their Unholy performance. Sam was undoubtedly one of the most talked-about stars of the night, having wowed the crowds with their artistic inflatable latex sculptural red carpet look before ending the show with a powerful rendition of Unholy with Kim Petras. While many were left in awe by the spectacle, which featured a crew of backing dancers, car props on stage and a passionate kiss between two dancers at the end, others felt the need to pick it apart. Of the 106 complaints that media watchdog Ofcom has received about this year’s Brit Awards, the majority were about the performance put on by Sam, Metro.co.uk understands. The rest of the complaints related to the use of offensive language during the ceremony and the amount of alcohol consumed at the event. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Daisy Jones and the Six trailer sees Riley Keough and Sam Claflin at centre of rock band love triangle MORE : Brit Awards hit with Ofcom complaints – with critics sadly offended by Sam Smith’s Unholy performance 