Kanye West and his ‘wife’ Bianca Censori were spotted running errands in LA on Monday. Bianca, 28, looked as trendy as ever in an all-black, midriff-baring ensemble, while rapper Ye, 45, rocked an oversized brown jacket. The loved-up couple left a gas station shop and headed to their car while doting dad Kanye enjoyed what appeared to be an energy drink. Bianca and Ye – who reportedly tied the knot in a ‘private love ceremony’ in January – also stopped for a chit-chat while pumping gas. It is unclear exactly how long Kanye has known his new ‘wife’ Bianca, or when they started dating, but she joined the Yeezy company in November 2020 and became the head of architecture. They’ve been tight-lipped about their relationship, and have not yet confirmed that they are indeed married, and as TMZ reported, they don’t seem to have filed a marriage certificate to make their nuptials legal. But Kanye’s new song, Censori Overload would suggest otherwise, as the star raps about his ‘wife’ and references marriage throughout. Shortly after their alleged wedding, Ye was spotted wearing a ring, said to symbolise his commitment, at the Warldorf Astoria in Beverly Hills. What’s more, Bianca’s relatives broke the silence as one said they were ‘super happy’ for the pair. Her sister, Angelina Censori, told The Herald Sun: ‘It’s very exciting news for both my sister and the family but we choose to have some privacy for the time being.’ Another relative, Alyssia Censori, added to the publication that the family was ‘super happy for them both.’ The All Falls Down rapper’s divorce from North West’s mum Kim Kardashian was finalised a few months ago, after the reality TV icon filed in 2021 after six years of marriage. Kanye and Kim share three other kids aside from eldest North West; seven-year-old Saint, five-year-old Chicago, and Psalm, three. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Avril Lavigne ‘calls off’ engagement to fiancé Mod Sun who is ‘blindsided’ by decision MORE : Jax Jones admits he’d be a singer – if it wasn’t for the nerves  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 