Strikes are becoming par for the course in 2023, with walkouts continuing across multiple industries in February and March. Ambulance strikes are no exception, as a dispute over pay and staff shortages continues to rage on – culminating in more days of action, organised by several unions. Naturally, it’s quite worrying to hear that essential workers are hitting the picket lines, and you may be wondering how this is set to affect ambulance services. Here, you can find the next ambulance strike dates, and where in the UK the strikes are taking place. Plus what the advice for dealing with a medical emergency is on those days… Industrial action by ambulance staff will take place on Monday, February 20. This follows previous action on February 10. Ambulance trusts in parts of the UK will then be impacted by even more striking in March on Monday, March 6 and Monday, March 20. Around 10,000 GMB members, who comprise paramedics, care assistants, emergency call handlers and other ambulance staff, are set to walk out on these days. Regional strikes are also due to happen on a variety of February dates, along with several impacting Northern Ireland. Keep in mind that strike dates could be added in future. It’s also possible that strikes can be called off, if unions and bosses can resolve the dispute at hand in negotiations. To read the latest, check GMB Strike FAQs, the Unite website, and Unison Ambulance Strike page. It is understood that those suffering from ‘life-threatening conditions’ will still be able to receive emergency aid. Sir Stephen Powis, the national medical director for NHS England, has said of recent strikes: ‘We’ve been working very closely with the unions to ensure that emergency services for life-threatening conditions are maintained. ‘That will include stroke and heart attacks. ‘There are increased clinicians in call centres to ensure that the right response goes out to the right incident.’ If you have a medical emergency, you should still call 999, the official advice says. And if you need urgent medical help, but it is not an emergency, you should still use 111 online or call 111. As per NHS England website’s page for industrial action, last updated on February 3: ‘Patients should only call 999 if it is a medical or mental health emergency (when someone is seriously ill or injured and their life is at risk). ‘Ambulances will still be able to respond in these situations, but this may only be where there is an immediate risk to life.’ However, it does say: ‘Patients should take advice from 111/999 call-handlers on whether there are circumstances where it is suitable for them to make their own way to hospital. ‘There will be fewer ambulances on the roads during industrial action, with the NHS prioritising those with life-threatening needs. As a result patients whose conditions are not life-threatening may not get an ambulance on strike days.’ It also adds: ‘The NHS is asking patients to use services wisely during industrial action and take simple steps to help ensure care is available to patients who need it most. ‘This includes using 111 online as the first port of call for health needs and continuing to only use 999 if it is a life-threatening emergency.’ Back in December 2022, the chief executive of the NHS Confederation, Matthew Taylor, echoed the importance of calling 999 in an emergency. He said: ‘Health leaders are also concerned that the prospect of strike action may affect how people decide to engage with the NHS, but the advice remains that if it is an emergency, it is vital they should still call 999.’ MORE : Will there be any more London bus strikes in February 2023? MORE : Bus driver took sick passenger to A&E because ambulance would take 90 minutes Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below