Frankie Bridge has addressed rumours S Club Juniors might reunite following the news that their predecessors are making a huge comeback. In an exclusive interview with Guilty Pleasures, the singer and presenter was asked if we might be One Step Closer to seeing them reform. Back in 2001, Frankie burst onto the scene as a member of the ‘spin-off’ kids’ band – alongside future Saturdays bandmate Rochelle Humes, as well as Calvin Goldspink, Aaron Renfree, Stacey McClean, Daisy Evans, Jay Asforis and Hannah Richings – before splitting four years later. ‘God knows! I had a message from Calvin this morning, and a message from Aaron, saying everyone’s been on to them,’ she laughed. ‘Apparently, the S Club 7 Instagram only follows every member of S Club Juniors – I don’t know what they’re playing at, but as far as I know we’re not getting back together.’ Earlier this week, pop icons S Club 7, namely Jo O’Meara, Rachel Stevens, Tina Barrett, Hannah Spearritt, Bradley McIntosh, Jon Lee and Paul Cattermole, announced they’ll Bring It All Back on a special reunion tour to mark their 25th anniversary. Lead singer Jo, 43, suggested it might be a Reach for them to hit the road with the Juniors – unless, that is, she was trying to put us off the scent. ‘I think it would be really lovely to get somebody that’s not ever, maybe, done it before… open a career for somebody else, but you never know,’ she teased at a press conference. Meanwhile, Loose Women fave Frankie, 34, is currently doing her homework after signing up to be the EE red carpet host at the Bafta Film Awards on Sunday. ‘I’ve been the person being interviewed… but this is my first time asking the questions. I’m really nervous. It’s a big responsibility,’ she admitted, adding: ‘I’m just s*** at names and faces!’ The mum of two, married to former footballer Wayne Bridge, also took part in EE’s Mini Movies Makers campaign, alongside seven-year-old son Carter, to test out the company’s augmented reality technology. A corresponding competition encouraged families to submit their own Mini Movies, the winner of which will join Frankie at the razzle-dazzle event. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : S Club 7’s Bradley McIntosh reveals ripped body transformation as group reunite for tour MORE : If S Club 7 want to make my dream come true, they need to bring back their TV show