The Prince and Princess of Wales have shared some behind-the-scenes pictures of their meetings with the Wales and England rugby teams. Kate was pictured beaming as she and her husband made a locker room visit to congratulate the winners, after England declared victory in a crunch Six Nations clash. They also popped over to console Welsh players following the home side’s loss of 10-20 in Cardiff on Saturday. Yesterday was competitive both on-and-off the pitch, as the royal couple was backing different teams. William is patron of the Welsh Rugby Union, while Kate is patron of the Rugby Football Union – having taken over the role from Prince Harry a year ago. The future King joked beforehand that it would be a ‘tense’ journey home, regardless of who was victorious. ‘If we win today my wife won’t speak to me’, he quipped during an event held before kick-off. William wore a red tie in support of Wales, while Kate was wearing a red and white dogtooth Catherine Walker coat, described by her husband as ‘diplomatic’. Following the final score, the pair posted a message on their social media in both English and Welsh. It read: ‘Back in Cardiff for Welsh Rugby Union vs England Rugby. Fantastic to meet the Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust, stadium staff and all the volunteers that make the game what it is. Thank you for having us Six Nations Rugby!’ Posting the extra snaps this afternoon, they wrote: ‘A sneak peek behind the scenes with the Wales and England teams yesterday!’ Ahead of the much-anticipated match, William and Kate met injured players supported by the Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust, of which William is also patron. They officially opened the Sir Tasker Watkins Suite, a new space at the stadium for use by the injured players and their families. The parents-of-three spoke of their children George, nine, Charlotte, seven and Louis, four, during their visit. Kate was told that William had not yet become a father when he first met some of the injured players. She asked how he was and laughed when she was told William had fewer lines around his eyes compared to now. The pair told how George is now learning to tackle rather than playing the non-contact game tag rugby. ‘They are trying to teach him the rules’, Kate said. ‘They move them around for their confidence. Because he is tall, he has the physique. ‘But then there is Louis coming. Charlotte also does rugby.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.