Performing at King Charles III’s Coronation would certainly be something Take That would never forget. Well, word on the street is that the iconic boy band (well, they’re more of a man band now) are to perform at the royal gig this spring. According to reports, Gary Barlow, 52, Mark Owen, 51, and Howard Donald, 54, are planning a spectacular set for the Windsor Castle bash in May. There were even talks of an ex-bandmate joining them for the occasion. No, not that one, but Jason Orange, 52, who left Take That in 2014, alas, this has since been confirmed to be untrue. Meanwhile, Robbie Williams, 49, who quit Take That in 1995 but returned in 2010 for a brief reunion, is said to have ruled himself out from the Coronation gig as well. The group are yet to speak out on the Coronation rumours, but frontman Gary in particular is no stranger to the odd brushing with royalty. Appointed an OBE in 2012, the writer and singer has previously performed at the Royal Variety Performance. He was also the brain behind Queen Elizabeth II’s Diamond Jubilee celebrations in 2012, with the extravaganza welcoming performances from the likes of Ed Sheeran, Sir Tom Jones, Kylie Minogue, and Sir Elton John. The King’s Coronation is due to take place on May 7, and will be screened on BBC. Take That will hit the road for their first tour in four years this summer, but their diaries are empty on the Coronation Sunday, meaning they’ll be free if they do get the call. There have been plenty of reports over which other stars will take to the stage for the celebration, with the likes of Lionel Richie also in the mix. A source told The Sun: ‘The biggest names and acts in world music are being approached for the concert. ‘If you draw up a list of the most popular acts in the world over the past 30 years then they are all being considered. ‘But Take That were right near the top of that list and are a massive coup for the organisers to get over the line so early. ‘Nothing is signed yet as there is still production and scheduling to work out.’ However, it’s believed certain singers have actually turned down the opportunity to perform for the monarch. Earlier this month, it was said that Adele and A Team hitmaker Ed were ‘too busy’ for the gig, despite the King being ‘keen’ to book them. An insider added to Mail on Sunday: ‘There is a team set up to get the talent signed up so they approached the two of them, but got replies saying that they were unavailable, which was a massive disappointment. ‘They are titans of the showbiz industry and are quintessentially British but also known across the globe.’ ‘It’s such a shame,’ the insider claimed. Thinking Out Loud hitmaker Ed, 32, does in fact have commitments around the time of the Coronation. A representative for the Shape Of You vocalist also told Metro.co.uk that neither the star nor his team has even been ‘approached’ about a possible performance. Meanwhile, Adele, 34, currently has no public commitments around that time, as the Coronation comes after the end of her Las Vegas residency, so it remains to be seen whether she’ll make a surprise appearance. Reps for Take That have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Perrie Edwards and Jade Thirlwall prove they’re friendship goals as they enjoy an adorable reunion in Los Angeles MORE : Cardi B isn’t happy about having to wake up early for community service   