A 26-year-old man has died and a 24-year-old is still in hospital after they were stabbed in east London. Two men showed up to a hospital at around 4.30am today, after they were knifed in Hackney Wick. The older victim was not able to survive his wounds and the other victim’s condition is still being assessed. Hospital staff called police after the pair arrived. No arrests have yet been made but detectives are investigating what happened. Matt Kruzynski, who works at a bar which has been closed amid the investigation, said he was shocked to hear about the incident happening in the “family friendly area” which has “changed a lot” for the better in recent years. Speaking beside the police cordon on White Post Lane, he said: ‘Hackney Wick is my local drinking spot, I spend a lot of time here. ‘I have always felt very safe here. Nothing like this has ever happened while I’ve worked in Hackney Wick. ‘The area has a bad reputation because of how it used to be, but it has changed a lot. ‘Even at one or two in the morning after finishing work, I’ve never felt worried about walking home by myself. ‘This is a very family friendly area. It’s normal to see people pushing prams or taking their dogs for a walk at midnight.’ The police tape extends from a bridge over the River Lee Navigation, and what appeared to be blood splatters can be seen from outside the cordon, along with evidence markers. Just before noon, police extended the taped area to Cadogan Close near Victoria Park, including a footbridge over the river. Officers are patrolling the scene, while security teams have been working to redirect pedestrians, including football fans on the way to the West Ham v Chelsea football match at nearby London Stadium. Traffic has also been diverted, affecting local bus routes. The Met is appealing for witnesses as part of an investigation led by detectives from the specialist crime unit. The family of the 26-year-old has been informed of his death, and formal identification will take place along with a post-mortem examination, police said. Anyone with information should contact police via 101 quoting ref 1222/11feb, or Crimestoppers to get in touch anonymously. The death comes after Office for National Statistics (ONS) figures showed that the number of people killed with a knife in England and Wales in 2021/22 was the highest in 76 years. The ONS said the recent increase was driven by an 18% rise in the number of male victims, from 184 to 218, in the 12 months to March 2022. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.