This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Boots shoppers are raving about some anti-ageing tanning drops – which one user describes as ‘Botox in a bottle.’ The Skinny Tan Notox Face Tanning Drops retail for £16.99 – which customers say is a very reasonable price for the impressive results. The drops are described as having ‘hydrating formula’ that’s transfer-proof and long-lasting – all designed to help firm and tone skin. ‘Formulated with aloe vera to soothe and hydrate skin, and guarana extract to invigorate and revitalise, the Notox Face Tanning Drops will leave you with a flawlessly bronzed and radiant complexion,’ the Boots website reads. Users are advised to mix the drops with their favourite skincare products to achieve the desired look. In fact, 4- 8 drops into your daily moisturiser, or foundation, is recommended – and don’t forget to blend well. The popular drops have a 4.8 star rating online and users are calling the product  ‘amazing.’ ‘Much better than using tan on my face as this actually moisturises my face and leaves my skin glowing with a natural looking tan. Smells great, soaks in well and develops quickly,’ wrote one reviewer. Another said that the drops didn’t create breakouts, which many similar products have been know to do. ‘The drops are designed to be mixed with your normal moisturiser, which is great as my skin is prone to breakouts,’ she commented. ‘I’m pleased to say these didn’t cause a reaction and these are now my go-to. I started with the recommended four drops which gives a nice base, and then reapply every few days to suit. ‘It doesn’t look like fake tan and leaves me free to use my choice of moisturiser.’ While a third ‘almost’ compared it to a certain cosmetic treatment. ‘Love this, would definitely recommend. Almost like Botox in a bottle,’ she noted. Sadly, the tanning drops are currently out of stock on the Boots website but you can buy them directly from the brand. Say hello to a holiday glow in a bottle. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : TikTok’s ‘mascara’ trend has nothing to do with makeup and everything to do with your ex MORE : The bridal skincare prep to start now for a summer wedding glow-up MORE : If you’re serious about skincare, you need this LED mask (which won’t set you back hundreds of pounds)