A knock down ginger prankster has tormented pensioners in a sheltered housing complex for 15 years. The vulnerable residents suffer nightly knocking up to four times a week, but the serial knocker still remains at large. For those who don’t know, knock down ginger – also known as knock-a-door run, knicky knocky nine doors and chappy – is the rebellious childhood game of knocking on a door and running away. But it’s no laughing matter for the fed-up pensioners of Chelmsford Court in Worcester, who have decided to fight back. Retired postman Bryn Roberts, 75, started being targeted soon after moving into the complex in 2008. He said: ‘We don’t know who it is, but it must be someone who is active in the winter. ‘I have been struggling to sleep for the past few weeks due to a hernia, which hasn’t been made any easier having some twit bang on my windows. ‘It is a little disheartening because it happens at around 3.15am and you’re not up at that time in the morning to check quickly enough. ‘Due to my hernia, I can only sleep on one side and it’s difficult for me to get up.’ Another resident, who did not want to be named, said: ‘If it was a silly kid I could understand it, but they must be an adult now. ‘We think it must be the same person because they bang on the same windows and doors and walls every time. ‘I tried staying up to catch them in the act, but whoever it is comes at different times and on different nights so it’s very hard to predict. ‘I just wish we could catch the little bugger at it and teach him a thing or two about respect.’ Councillor Patricia Agar, who represents the area, said: ‘This has been a long-standing problem, people are being victimised and someone is knocking on their doors and walls and then running away. ‘They’re obviously very nimble because they are able to get away very quickly. The residents don’t know who it is and they’re frightened and scared. ‘Residents go to Chelmsford Court because it is a sheltered and safe place. It’s sheltered accommodation that is being invaded all the time.’ West Mercia Police have also vowed to investigate. A spokesperson said: ‘Once we have spoken to the rest of the team and established the facts we will be in a position to provide further comment.’ A spokesperson from Platform Housing, which runs Chelmsford Court, said: ‘We’re sorry to hear this is currently an issue for our residents. ‘This has been raised previously and our on-site team have explored various ways possible to help in both identifying the perpetrator and reassuring the residents. ‘Our residents’ safety is of paramount importance and we will revisit this issue with them.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.