An iffy takeaway curry almost killed a father of two and left him paralysed. David Miller, 43, chowed down on a Bhuna from his favourite Indian takeaway in London, before he was hit with catastrophic food poisoning. This then lead to Mr Miller developing an auto-immune disorder which left him unable to use his limbs. The web contractor struggled to breathe, couldn’t walk or see and was left with a months-long stomach bug. ‘It was pretty scary,’ he said. ‘Obviously, we didn’t go back to that restaurant again.’ Miller, now living in Welbourn, Lincolnshire, first fell ill in 2016. He was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome which impairs the immune system, but has now chosen to tell his miraculous story. A super-fit cyclist – in perfect health before the curry – Miller has recovered well and is now getting ready to run a marathon. He was left wheelchair-bound after an initial ‘tingling’ in his hands and feet’ worsened into full-blown paralysis. ‘It was a steep decline – I went from having tingling and pins and needles in my hands and feet to needing a wheelchair to get into hospital a week later,’ Miller explained. ‘Some people die from this syndrome,’ he continued. ‘It works its way from the extremities through your core and can stop your breathing.’ ‘Imagine looking at your body and trying to make it move and it doesn’t.’ Admitted to hospital in January 2017, Miller was put into intensive care, suffering from painful gastroenteritis for two months prior. He is a father of two daughters, Elise, now seven, and Eva, three. His wife Kirsty put their 18-month-old baby girl Elise on his lap in the hospital bed and she did not recognise him.  who didn’t recognise him in the hospital bed. ‘Elise very clearly didn’t want to be there,’ he recalled. ‘It was upsetting, certainly odd.’ When David was released from hospital two and a half months later he was still using crutches and walking sticks to move. Grab rails were installed around the house. ‘It was a year of my life that it affected. My eating habits haven’t really changed, but it does make you think.’ He has since made a full recovery with no sign of any lasting side effects. Returning to work in December, Miller is now using his renewed physical abilities to run the London marathon this April, raising money for the John Muir Trust. ‘I’ve been worrying about the future more recently and the money raised will go to protecting our forests.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.