More than 300 schools across England are inadequate, in special measures or have serious weaknesses. Ofsted has named and shamed the 376 secondary schools which have received a poor inspection, representing more than 10% of the total 3,473 schools across the nation. Of those, 209 are in special measures and 105 have a serious weakness, according to a map created by MailOnline. The highest rating a school can receive is outstanding, then good, then requires improvement, and the lowest is inadequate. If a school receives an inadequate rating inspectors may find ‘serious weaknesses’ and place the school into special measures. Common reasons why schools were rated so low include evidence of violence and bullying, and pupils saying they do not feel safe coming into school. Some schools were also found to offer inadequate support to children with special needs. Worryingly, schools with outstanding results may have also escaped routine inspections. After Ofsted resumed visits following concerns over a slip in standards, only 17% of schools maintained their top rating. The average amount of time these schools had missed out on a full review was more than 13 years. The Bulwell Academy in Nottingham is one school which was placed into special measures in October 2022. Inspectors found a high level of pupil absences, and problems with the quality of teaching and supervision. In Shropshire, Ofsted inspectors said in their report students at Idsall School ‘did not feel safe’, with some saying ‘they experience frequent sexual harassment or discriminatory behaviour from their peers’. In The John Warner school in Hoddesdon, inspectors heard: ‘Most pupils have high aspirations for themselves and value their education. ‘However, many are disappointed by the unacceptable experience they receive at the school. ‘They are particularly frustrated by regular disruptions to learning and the poor behaviour of a significant minority of pupils.’ Inspectors attending the Oasis Academy on the Isle of Sheppey heard pupils express their frustration over their experience. According to the report: ‘Too many pupils feel unsafe at this school. Some pupils told us that they “have had enough” of being jostled and hurt in corridors or verbally abused. ‘Leaders and staff do too little to challenge the foul, homophobic, racist and sexist language which is commonplace across both sites. ‘Pupils have little confidence in leaders’ ability to deal with any concerns about bullying or discrimination.’ Earlier Ofsted highlighted problems facing the education system across the country. The watchdog said: ‘2023 is already shaping up to be another busy year for schools and further education and skills providers. ‘While none of us can quite predict what might be around the corner, our Annual Report, published at the end of last year, did identify several challenges that will undoubtedly continue into this year.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.