Brexit is still a divisive issue, as ever, with readers writing in to argue against a contributor’s claim that leaving the EU was a benefit to the working class. It’s been pointed out that the ending of freedom of movement has negatively impacted businesses, and that living standards post-Brexit have not improved. But, some have agreed with her, saying that ‘entire business models’ were built on ‘exploiting cheap EU labour’ and that Brexit was necessary for sovereignty. Read on to see what else has got people talking… ■ Barbara from Gloucestershire (MetroTalk, Fri) claims that one benefit of Brexit is that the 330,000 EU citizens that left the UK have opened up jobs to British citizens. I work in a sizeable restaurant company and we are struggling to fill these positions to the point that we are trialling robots to help clear tables and deliver food in our restaurants. We are even making changes to the service style to allow customers to place their orders using apps and websites – all because we can’t fill these jobs. But that is only the company that I work for. What about the thousands of jobs left unfilled in the NHS and other public services? We need those workers precisely because the British people don’t want those jobs. That is not a benefit from Brexit. In another words, it’s just another Brexit promise that failed to materialise. Pedro, Hammersmith ■ Barbara is correct in her analysis of who benefits from Brexit. Prior to 2020, many organisations based their entire business models on exploiting EU cheap labour. They would employ European (usually eastern European) supervisors who in turn recruited entire teams of poor people from the EU to work for a pittance. The company could then offer knockdown, business-winning charges to commercial clients for cleaning etc. Worse than that even, accommodation could be an empty office floor. It is the upper echelons of society – liberal-minded MPs and the business elite – who bemoan Brexit because, while virtue-signalling their opposition to slavery, they simultaneously and despicably accepted mass exploitation of Europe’s poor and ignored the plight of UK’s young people who needed training, jobs and affordable homes. Mike, Surrey ■ Barbara tells us of the riches that are raining down on the working class because of Brexit. What parallel world would that be? The one where strikes aren’t happening over wages, where whole industries aren’t having recruitment problems, and where many have had to let staff go because of the costs Brexit gave us? The one where interest rates aren’t rising? (Down to a culmination of things but, yes, Brexit is a contributor to price rises – I pay the invoices for customs declarations for my company that I never had to before.) Brexiteers rejoice that we have taken control of our borders, forgetting we had control anyway, but somehow we now have a border that’s leakier than ever. We’re not so swayed by cheap words as some are, Barbara, so you’ll have to try again. Joe, London ■ Well, l had every reason to ‘remoan’ the other day. While queuing for two hours to get my blue passport stamped at Faro airport, I got a text from my wife asking me where I was. It seems she was already sitting down with a coffee, having breezed through on her ‘lucky’ Irish passport. Nick, South London ■ What planet are you on Barbara? I got to the middle of your speech, and there it was: ‘The middle class can’t see the benefits’ of Brexit. That’s the world you live in – and it shows. Trust me when I say that we don’t have ‘more chance of renting or buying a property’. It’s simply not affordable or possible, and won’t be until this Tory reign ends. Hopefully, this has opened your eyes. Josh, Essex ■ This is an answer to the challenge of naming a Brexit benefit. Brexit made it easier for me to bring my wife into the country. I’m British, she’s non-EU, and we were living in Lithuania. Although the Withdrawal Agreement with the EU didn’t cover our case, the government decided to allow British citizens to come home with their families and benefit from the Settlement Scheme under the same terms as EU nationals. This meant we avoided having to pay for comprehensive sickness insurance for my wife, and the simplified application process for pre-settled and settled status was easier than the Surinder Singh route  – the result of a ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union on free movement – that we were on. Jonathan, Derbyshire ■ Recent letters in MetroTalk ask what was achieved by leaving the EU. To regain sovereignty is the main one. Being in the EU means everything is standardised and centralised. There is a constant loss of sovereignty to the centre – a sort of drip-drip effect – that will never end until a ‘United States of Europe’ exists. Each new rule from the EU supersedes the local laws of the member countries.  I voted Leave and would do so again without hesitation. What I didn’t expect, though, was the three years of wrangling in the UK parliament after the referendum result, nor did I see coming how utterly useless and pathetic our politicians would be – and still are. I don’t think that Labour would be much different if they get into power. I don’t hold out much hope for the future of the UK until such time as a politician emerges who is actually a leader and can lead the country to a better future. Ed Lewis, Mansfield ■ Good on you, Barbara. You are totally right about Brexit. The EU is nothing but a bully and a vindictive state that treated the UK like a jilted lover and is out to do as much harm as it can against the UK. Antonio Lewandowski, Oldham ■ The comments from Paul and Nick about cyclists being more dangerous than cars (MetroTalk, Thu) are just more catastrophising, incorrect nonsense from the anti-cycling brigade who just don’t like cyclists. Do they think that bicycles are one-tonne killing machines, and that cars are made of soft marshmallow. If they looked at the statistics, they would see that far more pedestrians are killed every year by motor vehicles than by cyclists. Paul’s comment about cars never driving on pavements is simply not true. I see cars parked all over the pavement where I live, and recently saw a woman drive on to the pavement towards where I was walking to get close to a postbox. Cyclists ride on pavements because they’re afraid of being injured by cars, especially if they are kids with little understanding of the Highway Code. If there was better infrastructure for cyclists, this would happen less. As for licensing and taxing bicycles, this isn’t possible because of the sheer quantity of them, and because of the different sizes of bike, number plates would be difficult to fit to them. Therefore, the only way to be able to identify cyclists would be if they carried identification numbers at all times, like in The Prisoner TV show. But I can’t imagine this would be popular, especially if it was rolled out to pedestrians as well. Mike, Southport ■ Regarding the MetroTalk letters about pub crisps, salt and vinegar ones should be relabelled ‘vinegar’ because of the overpowering stench of rancid vinegar whenever you open a pack. Graham, Dartford ■ Don’t get me started on the colour of crisp packets. Picking up a blue bag thinking it’s salt and vinegar, or a green one for cheese and onion, only to find it’s the opposite. Drives me mad. Crisps Connoisseur John, Leeds ■ To WH South (MetroTalk, Thu), who complains about artisan pub crisps. Take in your own Walkers to enjoy with your pint. The crisps most pubs sell aren’t as nice. Vicki, West Midlands Start a text with VIEWS followed by your comment, name and where you live to 65700. Standard network charge applies. Or email mail@ukmetro.co.uk. Helpline for Views, Rush-Hour Crush and Good Deed Feed: 020 3615 0600. Full T&Cs on metro.co.uk/terms. Metro is a member of the Independent Press Standards Organisation. Comments may be edited for reasons of legality, clarity or space.