The Islanders were reduced to tears as Tanyel Revan became the seventh islander to be dumped from the villa in what was a bit of a shock elimination on Love Island. Following a recoupling it was down to Jordan Odofin to pick between Tanyel and Ellie Spence, and he opted to save Ellie as although he called it a ‘platonic friendship couple’ he also said he didn’t rule something else happening further down the line. The girls in particular took Tanyel’s exit quite hard, with her telling them not to cry as she kept smiling. As she left the villa, Tanyel said she was proud to have remained true to herself. After she exited, the 26-year-old hair stylist admitted she ‘had a feeling’ she would be heading home. ‘Going into the fire pit, I just had a weird feeling that I was going to be leaving the Villa. I like Jordan as a person, but I knew that if he had chosen to couple up with me, I’d have been forcing it.’ ‘I knew there was no spark,’ she added. She also ‘expected’ Jordan to pick Ellie. ‘She’d given him more time and I didn’t. I think he knew in his heart that I was making an effort just for the sake of it. ‘I wanted to be open and give it a go but I think he knew that I didn’t fancy him.’ Her exit had been teased ahead following new bombshell Claudia Fogerty’s arrival, with a source saying: ‘The girls knew Claudia’s arrival could only mean bad news for one of them, as more girls means more competition. ‘The new bombshell had barely had time to unpack before one of them got the boot. There was a recoupling and the girl not chosen had to leave the villa.’ The couples in the villa as of Thursday are now Jordan and Ellie, Ron Hall and Lana Jenkins, Shaq Muhammed and Tanya Manhenga, Tom Clare and Samie Elishi, and Oliva  Hawkins and Kai Fagan. Meanwhile, Will Young picked Jessie Wynter and Claudia was selected by Casey O’Gorman. The boys chatted to Ron the following morning, who had been in a friendship couple with Tanyel, who admitted it had been ‘weird’ to sleep again in a bed with Lana but also said it ‘felt like home’. He had previously angered viewers by floating the idea of ‘spooning’ with Tanyel while sharing a bed with her – but also after reconciling with Lana ahead of the official recoupling. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV1 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When could Casa Amor start in Winter Love Island 2023? MORE : Love Island 2023 final episode date ‘revealed’ – and there isn’t long to go 