Chelsea’s hierarchy are beginning to have doubts over Graham Potter’s future as manager ahead of two crunch matches, according to reports. The west London club – who have spent around £600million since their new owners took charge last summer – have won just two of their last 15 matches in all competitions. They had enjoyed an excellent record against Tottenham in recent years but gave a limp and toothless display against their London rivals on Sunday, losing 2-0 and mustering just two shots on target in the whole match. That has increased the pressure on Potter, who until now has retained the full backing of Chelsea co-owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali. But, according to the Daily Mail, defeat to Spurs has finally started to erode some of that faith and doubts are beginning to surface over the manager. Chelsea’s board remain keen to back Potter and, ideally, want him to be in charge for the start of the 2023/24 season, but the next two matches have now become must-win games for the former Brighton boss. The Blues have a week to prepare for the visit of Leeds United next Saturday before Borussia Dortmund travel to Stamford Bridge in the Champions League on Tuesday 7 March. Chelsea only have one home win this year – against Crystal Palace in the middle of January – and were stunned by bottom-of-the-table Southampton in their last outing at Stamford Bridge. Boos greeted the full-time whistle in that match – something Potter avoided in north London with most of the away supporters having left the stadium long beforehand – but the mood could turn really ugly if they drop more points at home to 17th-placed Leeds. They then need to turn around a 1-0 deficit in their last-16 showdown with Dortmund, and questions could be asked of Potter if they fail to do so. Having already been knocked out of the FA Cup and with the side now 14 points adrift of fourth-placed Spurs – albeit with a game in hand – Chelsea’s season could effectively be over in the next 10 days if results go against them. After the Spurs loss, Potter acknowledged Boehly and Eghbali could soon lose faith if results do not improve: ‘I take full responsibility for the results and it isn’t good enough for Chelsea. ‘We want to try and improve it and if results aren’t good enough, which they aren’t at the moment, you can’t rely on support forever that’s for sure. My job is to keep going.’ Chelsea are not believed to have taken any steps towards looking into a potential replacement for Potter at this stage and still hope he will see out the season, before a less chaotic summer transfer window can help fine-tune the squad ahead of the 2023/24 campaign. MORE : Reece James defends Graham Potter’s ability after Chelsea’s defeat to Tottenham MORE : Graham Potter admits he ‘can’t rely’ on Todd Boehly’s support after Chelsea’s defeat to Tottenham For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 