Constance Marten and Mark Gordon have been further arrested on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter, as the search for their newborn baby continues. A huge hunt is underway in Brighton after the couple was finally found by police last night after nearly two months on the run – but didn’t have their child with them. They were arrested at around 9.30pm on Monday on suspicion of child neglect. In a press conference today, Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford announced they have now been further arrested on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter. He said police had to consider the possibility that the child had ‘come to harm’, given that the pair had now been in police custody for a ‘significant period of time’. ‘We have had a significant period of time in the custody facility with both Constance and Mark’, he said. ‘At this time we have not furthered that information, which has now obviously led to the position where we feel that the risk is getting so great that we now have to consider the possibility that the baby has come to harm.’ Police said earlier they ‘hold hope’ that the missing baby is still alive, but warned ‘risk to the child is extremely high’. Two hundred officers are currently looking for the baby, who is thought to be two months old. Locals have been urged to remain ‘vigilant’ in areas of open land and check any outbuildings they own. The child, whose gender remains unknown, hasn’t received medical attention since their birth. The parents vanished from London in January, and were spotted in Liverpool, Essex, south London and East Sussex. They were paying for everything in cash and covering their faces when on CCTV. A few weeks into the search for them, police revealed that Gordon is a convicted sex offender who served 20 years in a US jail for rape and battery. Marten, who is from a wealthy aristocratic family, was a drama student when she met Gordon in 2016. It’s believed the pair had been living rough in a tent amid cold temperatures. A tip-off from a member of the public led to them being detained yesterday by officers from Sussex Police in Stanmer Villas. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.