Pink has reflected on the terrifying moment that her son tested positive for Covid-19, with the virus leaving him ‘projectile vomiting’ and unable to breathe. The Just Give Me A Reason singer, 43, shares children Jameson and Willow with husband Carey Hart, and documented their time in lockdown together on social media. In April, 2020, she revealed that she and the six-year-old had battled the illness together, while the others in their immediate family didn’t get ill. Reflecting on their journey back to health during an appearance on Who’s Talking To Chris Wallace?, she explained that the little one, who was three years old at the time, was hit hardest by the symptoms. ‘I was an asthmatic, really bad asthmatic kid,’ she began, via People Magazine. ‘I was using a nebulizer for the first time in 30 years. It was very scary. And in hindsight, looking back, my son was actually the sickest. ‘When your kid is projectile vomiting and screaming, and covered in a rash, and telling you they can’t breathe, it’s the scariest thing. ‘Any parent knows, when your child is sick, it’s done-zo. Game over is how it feels.’ The mom-of-two – real name Alecia Moore – described it as a ‘terrible experience’, explaining that the conflicting reports on the fatal condition added to her ‘fear’. Pink has previously spoken out over their health battles and revealed that she even reached out to change her will over fears that they wouldn’t survive. Speaking to Mark Wright on Heart last year, the Trouble star said: ‘This is going to sound crazy but we had Covid last year, very early in March, and it was really, really bad, and I rewrote my will. ‘Jameson and I were really sick, and Carey and Willow weren’t. So at the point where I thought it was over for us, I called my best friend and said, “I just need you tell Willow how much I loved her.” ‘It was really scary and really bad.’ She added: ‘As a parent, you think, “What am I leaving for my kid? What am I teaching them? Are they going to make it in this world? And what do I need to tell them if this is the last time I get to tell them anything?”’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lana Del Rey’s dad releasing debut album after becoming an ‘accidental musician’ – are nepo daddies a thing? MORE : Olly Murs admits fiancée Amelia Tank found it ‘weird’ that he wrote songs about her  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 