UEFA have received requests to block a proposed takeover of Manchester United by Qatari investors. Interested parties must submit bids to purchase Manchester United by Friday, with the Glazer family seeking north of £5billion to part company with the Red Devils. The Raine Group, who are controlling the sale of the club, are expecting at least four ‘serious’ offers. Sir Jim Ratcliffe has gone public with his interest, while investors from America that were unsuccessful in their move for Chelsea last year are expected to attempt to buy United. Saudi Arabia have long kept an eye on United and despite the purchase of Newcastle United last year there is still an ambition to take charge at Old Trafford. But a Qatar-based set of investors could blow the competition out of the water, with a reported wealth of around £359bn. According to widespread reports, Qatar Emir Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani is a long-standing Manchester United fan and already has plans of renovating Old Trafford and the surrounding area. However, Qatar’s move for United is not without controversy, with the country’s human rights record called into question. There is also the issue of sporting integrity, with Paris Saint-Germain’s Qatari owners already at the helm of one European giant. UEFA rules state that owners cannot control two clubs in the same competition. The rules say: ‘no individual or legal entity may have control or influence over more than one club participating in a UEFA club competition’. And FairSquare, which is a human rights research and advocacy group, has now written to UEFA to ask them to block the move. ‘A basic study of Qatar’s political and economic system amply demonstrates the impossibility of any Qatari consortium proving itself independent of state influence, and thus separate from the ownership of PSG,’ a FairSquare letter reads. “Freedom House’s World Freedom Index classifies Qatar as ‘not free’, and its most recent assessment is highly critical of Qatar’s record on the rule of law, corruption, and political participation: ‘Qatar’s hereditary emir holds all executive and legislative authority and ultimately controls the judiciary.’ MORE : Mikel Arteta speaks out on Takehiro Tomiyasu’s error after Arsenal’s defeat to Manchester City MORE : Erik ten Hag responds to criticism of Wout Weghorst’s performances for Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 