We’ve barely recovered from Rihanna’s spectacular Super Bowl performance on Sunday and now she’s got our pulses racing all over again. In an interview aired on Monday, the hitmaker addressed her next music release and promised she’s ‘excited’ but didn’t give away any exact dates. Rihanna, 34, also raved about the importance of the Super Bowl, saying it ‘represents so many people’. The Barbadian singer belted out bangers over the weekend dressed in a show-stopping red jumpsuit and even confirmed her second pregnancy, nine months after the birth of her son in May 2022. Speaking to Good Morning America in an interview that was recorded before her performance, Rihanna spoke about calls for her long-awaited album to be released. The Umbrella crooner, whose last studio album, Anti, was released in January 2016, said: ‘They [the fans] are waiting. I am excited to actually put new music out, but I don’t have any updates for you on that yet.’ Asked by host Michael Strahan if she was able to remain relaxed about performing in front of such huge audiences, she replied: ‘I have not been able to do that. ‘Still, to this day, the camera represents so many people, a huge audience. And the camera at a Super Bowl is one of the biggest audiences.’ Rihanna returned to music last year with the single Lift Me Up, recorded for the film Black Panther: Wakanda Forever. Referring to its director, she said: ‘Ryan Coogler, he reached out to me and he asked if I would be interested in doing a song for the film. ‘When I saw the film, I felt like, this is so powerful. The sense of motherhood and how much strength that embodies. I felt that when I watched the film and it hit me.’ On Sunday, Rihanna kicked off her performance suspended high above the stadium while an army of dancers dressed in white gathered beneath her. Showing off a pronounced baby bump, the A-lister rubbed her hand over her stomach as she launched into a selection of hits like We Found Love and Umbrella. Famous faces spotted among the crowd in the 63,000-seat stadium included Jay-Z, Floyd Mayweather, Adele, and Sir Paul McCartney – who headlined the Super Bowl halftime show himself in 2005. As for the actual football game, the Kansas City Chiefs engineered a second-half comeback to defeat the Philadelphia Eagles 38-35 and claim their second Super Bowl in four years. But mainly: Rihanna. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague ‘blocks’ Jake Paul and his entire team on social media before Tommy Fury fight MORE : Sharon Stone’s brother Patrick dies suddenly aged 57, two years after her 11-month-old nephew  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 