Adam Lambert has spoken out against accusations that Harry Styles is ‘queerbaiting’, after he was met with criticism online. There has been intense discussion over the As It Was singer over recent months, with some alleging that he was using sexual ambiguity to appear more interesting, despite never having spoken publicly about his sexuality. Some have even accused him of ‘queerbaiting’ – a term usually applied to fiction, where an LGBTQ+ storyline or character is implied but never actualized – with Matty Healy recently facing backlash of his own after wading into the conversation. Adam had his say on the accusations in a candid new interview, explaining he understands the ‘concern’ from the public. ‘I can kind of see both sides of it,’ the Runnin’ singer began. ‘I get the concern. But okay, so if you’re a gay man and you like Harry Styles, do you like him because he has a rainbow flag on stage or because you like his songs? Is the rainbow flag not just icing on the cake? ‘It’s almost underestimating the intelligence of gay people to claim queerbaiting.’ ‘We’re not that gullible, are we? I think people just like to find things to b***h about,’ he added to iNews. In recent years, Harry has adopted an androgynous sense of style and famously made history by becoming the first man to wear a dress on the cover of American Vogue – something that many praised him for at the time. However, critics have accused him of ‘queerbaiting’, something that the Grammy-winner admitted that he found silly as he has never publicly labeled his sexuality. ‘I’ve never talked about my life away from work publicly and found that it’s benefited me positively,’ he told Rolling Stone. ‘There’s always going to be a version of a narrative, and I think I just decided I wasn’t going to spend the time trying to correct it or redirect it in some way. ‘Sometimes people say, “You’ve only publicly been with women,” and I don’t think I’ve publicly been with anyone. ‘If someone takes a picture of you with someone, it doesn’t mean you’re choosing to have a public relationship or something.’ Harry also touched on the topic in a 2019 chat with the Guardian, in which he added: ‘In terms of how I want to dress, and what the album sleeve’s going to be, I tend to make decisions in terms of collaborators I want to work with. I want things to look a certain way. ‘Not because it makes me look gay, or it makes me look straight, or it makes me look bisexual, but because I think it looks cool.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vernon Kay confirmed as Ken Bruce replacement on BBC Radio 2: ‘What an honour’ MORE : John Legend ‘in awe’ of Chrissy Teigen after birth of baby daughter Esti  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 