Bianca Gascoigne offered fans a glimpse of her newborn daughter days after giving birth to the tot she shares with partner Arron Wright. The former Celebrity Big Brother star, 36, welcomed the little girl – known as Baby B – on Monday. Checking into The Portland Hospital in London, the famous face became a new mum for the first time this week. On Friday, she uploaded an adorable snap of herself leaning over her latest pride and joy as she recuperated in the hospital. The photo showed the reality star in a silk pink and black patterned ensemble as she scrapped her blonde hair into a loose, messy bun. Bianca clutched a rainbow-coloured soft toy above her dozing baby, who was already snuggled up to a large monkey plush teddy. Captioning the sweet post with: ‘I can’t believe you’re mine’, the new mum received an outpouring of support and well wishes in her comment section. Geordie Shore’s Chloe Ferry simply penned: ‘Congrats’, while former Hollyoaks actress Ciara Janson Zelmerlöw typed: ‘You did it girl! So many congratulations’. Dancer Vitto Coppola excitedly wrote ‘Congraaaaaaats’ with three heart-eye emojis underneath his friend’s upload. Her birthing update came after the star shared her happy news with fans online on thursday. Posting a reel that documented her daughter’s arrival, she wrote the caption: ’20/02/23 You are perfect Baby B [sic]’. The footage captured Bianca during her labour in the London-based hospital and also offered followers a look at her ostentatious birthing suite. She included a multitude of snaps taken seconds after her child was welcomed into the world, showing her newborn wrapped in a pink blanket nestled into a cot in her room. Bianca then showed her brother Regan cradling his niece for the very first time. The star first announced the news of her pregnancy with Arron back in August of last year. She posted a funny snap with her boyfriend that reenacted the famous poster for the 2007 romantic comedy Knocked Up, starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Bianca and Arron confirmed their romance in December 2021 after having been friends for 14 years. The couple marked their one-year anniversary on August 7 with a dazzling getaway to romantic Paris. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bianca Gascoigne reveals she’s been battling antenatal depression ahead of due date: ‘It’s crazy scary’ MORE : Bianca Gascoigne and bump soak up the sun in Ibiza after confirming pregnancy in Knocked Up spoof announcement 