Dan Walker has shared an update and a sweet picture of cuddling up to his dog amid his recovery from a horror bike accident. The Channel 5 presenter, 45, said he was ‘lucky to be alive’ after being hit by a car while riding his bike to catch a train to work. The former BBC presenter admitted his face was a ‘mess’, but said he thankfully managed not to break any bones, and pointed to his helmet for saving his life as he urged other cyclists to wear one too. Dan first shared a selfie of his bloodied face, as well as photos from inside an ambulance where he thanked the paramedics and the police officer who helped care for him. He’s since been sharing updates of his ongoing recovery, with recent footage also now being revealed of the shocking accident, which caught the moment of impact. In the latest post, the presenter revealed his sweet dog Winnie ‘hasn’t left [his] side all week’ as he posted a picture of the doting pooch resting in his grazed hands. He also said he’d eaten his ‘first solid food since Monday’ and ‘ordered a new cycling helmet’. The former Strictly Come Dancing star then thanked his followers for ‘all the lovely messages’ and for asking after him, before confirming the swelling is ‘going down’ but his ‘body is still aching’. He continued with his update: ‘2 things happened today… 1. I had my first solid food since Monday 2. I ordered a new cycling helmet’. ‘Thank you for all the lovely messages & for asking how I’m doing,’ he added. ‘The swelling is going down but the body is still aching.’ Dan’s post was showered with support, with one person writing: ‘I really hope you’re feeing as ok as can be and managing to overcome the shock of it all. Also, thank goodness for helmets (and the healthcare staff) for saving our Dan! X’. Another penned: ‘Is there any better way to recover than cuddling the dog!!’ This comes after Dan revealed that he ‘can’t do much’ with his left hand following the crash. ‘I was just thinking about tea but can’t do much with my left hand at the minute so these babies have arrived at just the right time,’ he penned via Instagram Stories, alongside a picture of some ready meals. Following Dan’s accident, he was replaced on Monday’s 5 news by Tessa Chapman, who wished him well on his recovery as the programme came to an end. ‘All of the team wish him a quick recovery and send him all of our best wishes. Get well soon Dan,’ she said on-air. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dan Walker ‘can’t do much’ with left hand following horror bike crash MORE : Dashcam footage shows the moment Channel 5 news presenter Dan Walker hit by car 