Russian soldiers have died at a rate of 824 per day this month, making it the deadliest period since the war began, Ukrainian data suggests. Last week, reports claimed the number of Russian senior commanders killed in Ukraine had reached 10, including the death of formerly retired Major-General Dmitry Ulyanov. And it seems the country’s woes on the battlefield continue down all levels of command. The UK Ministry of Defence said the Ukrainian data is ‘likely accurate’, though it hasn’t been officially verified. If correct, it means Vladimir Putin’s soldiers are dying at a faster rate now than at any other point since the first week of the war almost a year ago. At that point, there was an average of 1,140 deaths each day, according to the General Staff of the Ukraine Armed Forces. By June, the number had fallen to 172, but it has increased almost every month since. Last month, the average number of Russian soldiers dying each day was 701, nearly four times the lows of last summer. The top general in the US said last November that both sides of the conflict had lost around 100,000 troops since the invasion started, meaning up to 200,000 killed or injured. But rhetoric coming from Russia suggests the intensity of the fighting will not wind down soon. Yevgeny Prigozhin, the head of the Wagner Group of mercenaries, said last week he understands the Kremlin needs to fully control Donetsk and Luhansk – an objective he estimated would take three years. Chechen warlord and close Putin ally Ramzan Kadyrov, meanwhile, suggested Russia’s next target could be Poland if it is victorious in Ukraine. On Telegram, he wrote: ‘I have repeatedly stated that the fight against Satanism should continue throughout Europe and, first of all, on the territory of Poland.’ Earlier this month, Ukraine’s defence minister said Putin is planning a major new offensive for the first anniversary of the invasion on February 24. Oleksii Reznikov said 500,000 soldiers could be sent, adding: ‘Officially they announced 300,000 but when we see the troops at the borders, according to our assessments it is much more.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.