Graham Potter refused to condemn the Chelsea fans who cheered Marc Cucurella’s substitution after the Spanish left-back endured another difficult afternoon against West Ham. The  24-year-old has struggled to replicate the form he showed at Brighton last season since his £63million summer transfer and even the presence of his former manager has done little to improve his performances. Potter showed faith in Cucurella by starting him at the London Stadium as he continues to ease Ben Chilwell back into the first team picture following a lengthy injury absence. After another error-strewn display, Potter saw no option but to remove Cucurella from the firing line, a decision that was greeted with ironic cheers from Chelsea’s away supporters. Potter insisted the fans are entitled to their opinion on a player who, by his own admission, has been struggling but cited Manchester City’s interest in the player as evidence of his undoubted quality. He said: ‘Supporters are entitled to their opinion of course, they just want the team to do well and as I said in the previous press conference I don’t think Marc is in his absolute best moment. ‘But at the same time he’s been part of a team that’s kept a clean sheet at Anfield, a clean sheet against Fulham. ‘In the summer, I know because I was the selling club, there was another club that were interested in Marc. ‘From a points view in the Premier League they are a good club, so Marc hasn’t become a bad player at all but some players can go through bad times so we need to stick together and help him. ‘Supporters are entitled to their opinion there’s nothing for me to be critical of. That’s just what we have to work with.’ Despite dropping two points following an ultimately frustrating 1-1 draw, Potter insisted there were elements of the display that represented a step forward. Defending that viewpoint, Potter said: ‘Chelsea fans are entitled to their view and I understand when we’re not wining they will be disappointed like we are. ‘I just said from a performance perspective I thought it was (a step forward) you could see the potential of the team. But you can see where the work is, getting Reece James up to speed, getting Ben Chilwell up to speed, getting Ruben Loftus-Cheek up to speed. I can understand people are frustrated if you don’t win.’ MORE : ‘Great save!’ – Rio Ferdinand and Joe Cole mock decision not to award Chelsea a penalty after West Ham handball MORE : ‘Graham Potter will be seething!’ – Rio Ferdinand and Joe Cole slam Chelsea defending For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 