Ovie Soko has spoken of his pride in giving back and helping the next generation as he’s revealed to be teaming up with Comic Relief for Red Nose Day. The athlete shot to fame as he appeared in the iconic 2019 series of Love Island, becoming a household name alongside the likes of Molly Mae Hague and Tommy Fury. Outside his stellar TV career, which has seen him take part in a documentary about the darker side of reality television and try his hand at Celebrity Bake-Off, Ovie has remained committed to his passion for sports. The professional basketball player is vocal about the importance of gratitude and remaining positive, having previously described himself to Metro.co.uk as a ‘forever work in progress.’ Now the star has teamed up with Red Nose Day and TK Maxx to raise money for Comic Relief, by showcasing a collection of ‘chari-tees’ featuring Mr Men and Little Miss. Speaking about the campaign, Ovie says it is vitally important to him that he gives back, particularly to younger generations who may be having a tough time. ‘It’s all about helping the youth, helping kids that might be struggling or going through a hard time,’ he explained. ‘They’re going to be selling T shirts at TK Maxx starting in February which will be pretty exciting, I was able to take a look at sort of the collection, which looks really really fun, I tried on a couple of pieces when I was down there with the guys and it was really, really fun. ‘I just think it’s it’s a great charity organisation, a great thing to be involved with, because I just think life is supposed to be full circle and the best way for me to come full circle was giving back. ‘And I think the height of that is giving back to young people. Because that’s the next day, that’s the future. They’re where the world is going.’ He went on: ‘You just want to make sure some young people that might not be fully cared for, might be just going through a rough patch, [are cared for].’ Asked if taking part in the campaign would be a highlight of his career so far, Ovie agreed it was ‘definitely a highlight.’ ‘One hundred percent. Anytime in life you’re in a position to give back in any kind of way is a sign of growth. It’s just such a good thing to be involved in – it’s definitely a highlight. ‘It’s a sign that you did something right, because you’re now in a position where you can give back, whether it be through encouragement or hope, but you’re giving back something. As well as his joy of giving back, Ovie also revealed to Metro.co.uk a new highlight of his career – acting. He explained he had just taken part in his ‘first, and very very small’ acting role, and while he had to keep things under wraps for now he described it as ‘a great experience.’ ‘That’s something that has definitely awoken something in me, and who knows what the future may hold?’ he asked. As for his time on Love Island, he had only good things to say, calling it a ‘really smooth experience.’ ‘It was fun, the weather was great, there were beautiful women all around, the guys were pretty cool. It was just a really laid-back holiday. It really seemed like that. ‘And a lot of food – a lot of food,’ he laughed. ‘I wouldn’t say I wish anything was any different. I don’t think I have any regrets.’ Ovie Soko supports Red Nose Day wearing a line from TK Maxx’s Mr Men and Little Miss ‘chari-tees’ for Comic Relief, available in stores and online from February 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ovie Soko on his hype for middle-aged Love Island, and remembering the ‘beautiful women’ from his series MORE : When is Red Nose Day 2023? Date, celebrities, and where to buy a nose 