If you’ve been feeling a little emotional recently, it may be down to the influence of Pisces. The Water sign’s season is well underway, with a recent New Moon in Pisces adding to the dreamy, nostalgic atmosphere. You may want to take this as a chance to escape from reality and live in your head, but use this energy wisely by tapping into your intuition. Let your heart (and gut) guide you towards a new outlook and you’ll be ready for the onset of spring with a spring in your step. Ahead you’ll find your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March, with three tarot cards drawn and their meaning for you explained. March 21 to April 20 Tarot cards for Aries for March: Knight of Swords, Ace of Swords, The Fool Meaning: Unleash The Henchmen Aries, you want a new beginning, a fresh start, a clean slate. The Fool shows you are going to turn the page this Spring and start again, in an important area of life, and no one is going to stop you. The Ace of Swords and Knight of Swords reveals this is going to be a bit of a trial by fire! You love a challenge anyway and never back down from a scrap so that’s all good. The Ace of Swords shows you have to be honest with someone about why you’re doing this and be transparent about your feelings. You might hear some harsh feedback but you can negotiate and you can come to an agreement. The Knight of Swords reminds you that you are in charge of your life. Don’t bend to another’s will or opinion on this. Do what you think is right for you. The Knight of Swords is your cosmic henchman this March, helping you to be resolute and strong. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot cards for Taurus for March: The Emperor, Four of Coins, The World Meaning: Ebb And Flow Things are coming to a close, energies are fading, ambitions are being fulfilled, goals smashed, conclusions drawn. Every ending is merely the embryo of a new beginning, Taurus, and The World shows you’re in that ebb and flow this March. You’re finishing some things off, in order to start some more new things. The Four of Coins reveals this is very welcome. You need a new challenge or two. Life can get humdrum when the routine is too well established. Don’t be scared of changing priorities. The Emperor puts you in charge of this process. You decide what is over, what’s coming to its natural end, and what is ready for activation. You are the master of your destiny. Take control of what’s going on in your life. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot cards for Gemini for March: The High Priestess, Death, Six of Coins Meaning: Do Good You love doing good things for others, bringing people together, being in the middle of things, making another’s day, supporting someone through something. The Six of Coins and Death card see you putting others first this March, and loving this shift in emphasis. When we feel a bit low, lost or tired, it helps to get our focus off ourselves and just be kind to someone else and check in with them. We are not alone. Nothing you are experiencing is new on this Earth. Fall into the fold. Be around others. Give. Contribute. Change your focus. The High Priestess shows this shift will bring about some spiritual and deep epiphanies and personal insights. It will change your perspective as you will learn about other people’s struggles, see your own in a new light, and get great advice along the way. As well as feeling needed and valued. The more you give, Gemini, the better you’ll feel in March. So, give. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot cards for Cancer for March: The Tower, Three of Swords, The Chariot Meaning: Finding Meaning Some home truths and revelations can sting and that’s the truth of it, no denying it. Cancer, you might, with the difficult Tower and Three of Swords, find out or come to understand some things about others, situations, places that make you feel upset or surprised. Things are not entirely as you thought they were. What you believed to be the case is not the case. So what now? Take a deep breath. It’s always better to know the truth than be a victim of it blindly. The worst is over. You were already being impacted by this behaviour, even though you didn’t realise it. Now you can take action. You can withdraw, end things, move on, discuss the reality, rebuild. Up to you. The Chariot asks you to act on what you know. Don’t bury your head in the sand, make excuses, suppress it. Act on it. Change your game. Knowledge is power when you wield it for your own benefit. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot cards for Leo for March: Page of Wands, Five of Swords, The Hermit Meaning: Stop Fighting Did you know that you don’t have to fight every fight that is presented to you? Sometimes you can just turn away and leave the drama behind. Yes, it’s true! This March, you come to see that it’s the best course of action right now with the knowing and wise (and solitary) Hermit. The Five of Swords reveals an escalating row, a stormy sea, a conflict that you’ve been circling and dipping into. You can’t resist a skirmish when your fur is up! But what is the point? Arguing is just noise. No one is listening or learning or changing. It’s just noise. The Page of Wands sees you open to a new approach and The Hermit provides it – walk away. If you withdraw then it’s over. There are no winners anyway so fighting on is pointless. Let it go. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot cards for Virgo for March: Ten of Cups, Page of Swords, Queen of Coins Meaning: Hedge Your Bets A little bit of flexibility and duality is needed to get your closest, or emerging, romantic relationship thrumming again, but the Ten of Cups reveals that you can do it. By the end of March all will be blissful in the garden of love for Virgos! Single Virgos should look out for creative Water signs – Pisces, Scorpio or Cancer. The Page of Swords asks you to hedge your bets, see how the land lies before making a move, watch vs act. Take a cue from them and then be a little optional, just to see if it is the right approach/decision/mood. If it is, job done. If not, then time for Plan B. Plan B is the Queen of Coins, that’ll be you taking charge (I know you were dying to, I know you can do it better… but it gets on people’s nerves when you’re always right). Do it how you’d do it and watch them be impressed. Don’t gloat though. That will spoil it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot cards for Libra for March: Queen of Swords, Two of Coins, Nine of Cups Meaning: Dream Come True You can have it all, Libra. I wouldn’t say it if these cards didn’t promise it, but they firmly do. The only caveat is that you need to drive this forward, own it, make it happen, and take control. The Queen of Swords is you in full action mode, getting sh** done, okay? Two of Coins is abundance, variety, good fortune. The more you do, the more you can do. So, this March, say yes to everything you want in your life and don’t worry about where the time will come from… you will find it! If you want something done, ask a busy person. That’ll be you. Nine of Cups is the main event in March – a wish come true, a dream fulfilled, a desire granted. Make a wish, Libra, and make your way towards it. Through all the busyness and noise, it will emerge like a shining prize in front of you. Take it! This is your month! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot cards for Scorpio for March: Seven of Cups, Four of Swords, Six of Wands Meaning: Time Out The best thing you can do this March is very little, if indeed anything at all. I know that’s weird advice but think of it as a brief pause, a truce with life. You need to go within to find the insights, answers, and solutions to make maximum progress. The Four of Swords shows you’re tired, you don’t make good choices in this state. You need deep rest and a rethink. The Seven of Cups is a push to turn inwards. Your subconscious and imagination have plenty to talk to you about this month, so rest up, tune in, and listen. All the answers are there. Meditate, dream, and visualise your way through your obstacles, challenges, and desires. You can make an authentic plan which plays to your strengths if you let your intuition lead. The Six of Wands reveals April will be a stunning success if you use March to plan, strategise, research, and hatch your ideas. No rush, no pressure. One step back in order to make a giant leap forward. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot cards for Sagittarius for March: Two of Cups, Three of Cups, Nine of Swords Meaning: Don’t Overthink Sometimes, when the going is good, we don’t let ourselves trust it, and can end up sabotaging our own happiness. Better us than them, right? Wrong. The Two and Three of Cups shows that you are swimming in love, joy, success, and happiness. Life is good. Things are going well. If you’re single, by the way, look for sexy Water signs (Pisces, Cancer, Scorpio). You’re ruled by Jupiter, you were born lucky. So why are you not feeling it? The Nine of Swords shows you have a secret fear relating to all of this. You don’t trust it. Something you keep very close to your chest stops you from really believing in your own success. Stop dwelling on this and overthinking it. Get it off your chest. Release the fear. Enjoy your precious life. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot cards for Capricorn for March: Wheel of Fortune, Seven of Swords, Ace of Swords Meaning: Express Your Disquiet One conversation can change everything this month ahead, so be honest and get things off your chest. The Ace of Swords is a nudge to open up, be transparent, be brutally truthful and dare to have that chat. The Seven of Swords shows that someone around you is not to be trusted and you need to face into this, talk it through, come to a conclusion and act accordingly. Don’t keep burying your disquiet, don’t squash your gut instincts. You are right about them. Get this out in the open. When you do, The Wheel of Fortune will sweep in and take care of business. Things will change, energies will renew, events will clear the way, circumstances will shift. It starts with you clarifying how you feel and telling someone about it. Do it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot cards for Aquarius for March: The Empress, King of Wands, Ace of Cups Meaning: Love Life Vibes A loving month ahead, Aquarius, so expect romance and bliss. In fact, accelerate towards that by being loving and generous yourself. The Empress is the tarot’s love card, sparking new life into existing relationships, bringing new love, expanding your family, prompting nest-building. All the good things in life. The Ace of Cups also hints at birth, pregnancy, marriage, new love. You will certainly end the month in a more loving place than you begin it in! If you’re looking, then Fire signs, Water signs, and Taurus and Libra are all in play. The King of Wands presses you to be on the front foot here. Be the change you wish to see. Ask them out. Propose. Tell them how you feel. Organise a surprise adventure. Be spontaneous, honest, passionate, and authentic. That is what they really, really want. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot cards for Pisces for March: Justice, Page of Swords, Queen of Coins Meaning: Be Good Do the right thing. Follow your moral compass. Use the ethics you talk about to drive your decisions and actions. Justice is present. Justice is observing your behaviour even if you think no one is watching. This might be a test. Pass it with flying colours, Pisces. The Page of Swords shows you have wondered about taking a more, shall we say, easy or quick route. Oh to take the short cut! But, in the long run, it will prove a harder route, so don’t be tempted to cut corners. Do things properly and fully. The Queen of Coins reveals this is linked to home, money, work or health. And it will lead, longer term, to you achieving great success and reward. Embedding the right practices and habits now will help you down the line. Maker the hard leap, take the uphill path, challenge yourself. It will be worth it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How your star sign can make more friends – and who your astrological besties are MORE : The astrological traits your star sign should amplify to attract love