Pamela Anderson has expressed hope for more romance in her future, admitting that she would possibly like to get married again one day. The Baywatch star’s new tell-all documentary – Pamela, a love story – has been released on Netflix, coinciding with the launch of her memoir, which she insisted on penning herself without the help of a ghost writer. By looking back on many of the experiences she’s been through in her life, the 55-year-old has recalled several of her past relationships, including her marriage to Tommy Lee after the pair were together for just four days, as well as her recent husband Dan Hayhurst, who she filed for divorce from in January 2022. Pamela has been married five times in total, having previously also tied the knot with Kid Rock, Rick Salomon and Jon Peters, the last of which recently revealed he’d pledged to leave her $10million (£8.1m) in his will. In the documentary, her hopelessly-romantic nature comes across through the screen, which is also conveyed in the portrayal of her Baywatch character Casey Jean ‘CJ’ Parker. So when asked by Jimmy Kimmel, 55, on his US talk show if she’d be up for walking down the aisle again, Pamela shared that she ‘hopes’ it could be on the cards. ‘Do you think you’ll ever get married again?’ he asked, to which she replied: ‘Oh god, what a crazy question! Um, I don’t know. I hope so!’ ‘You hope so? Oh, you want to get married again?’ Jimmy questioned further. ‘I hope so, I don’t know. I still have a lot of life left,’ Pamela answered. Earlier on in the interview, the host pointed out how the documentary begins with her married to Dan, and by the end of the programme, they’re divorced. ‘You did mention in the documentary that you got your house remodelled, the contractor came, you married him at the beginning of the documentary, and you divorced him by the end of the documentary,’ he remarked, as Pamela shrugged light-heartedly at the audience. ‘I needed a storyline! A beginning, a middle and an end,’ she quipped. However, when Jimmy continued to reference her ex-husband, she stated: ‘Well let’s not go there,’ before the conversation continued in a different direction. Pamela admitted during their chat that while she has been on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on several occasions over the years, she doesn’t remember any of the interviews. ‘I’m glad you can remember every single part of your life, except for your appearances on this show,’ Jimmy joked, after discussing her documentary and memoir. Jimmy Kimmel Live! airs on ABC in the US. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What to watch this week – from Pamela, A Love Story to Gunther’s Millions MORE : Tim Allen ‘a little disappointed’ in Pamela Anderson over her allegations he ‘flashed’ her on Home Improvement set  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 