A suspect was arrested days after two emperor tamarin monkeys were stolen from the Dallas Zoo. Davion Irvin, 24, was arrested and charged with six counts of animal cruelty. The monkeys were stolen from their exhibit on Monday, January 30. They were found a day later, stashed inside a closet in an abandoned property. The other cases at the zoo in recent weeks, including the sabotage of leopard and monkey exhibits and the death of an endangered vulture, are still under investigation. Dallas Police said ‘further charges are possible’ for Irvin if he is found to be connected to those incidents. The trouble at the Dallas Zoo began on January 13, when a ‘code blue’ officials found that a clouded leopard escaped its enclosure. The leopard, a four-year-old cat named Nova, was found nearby a few hours later. After an investigation, they realized the exhibit had been tampered with. A small hole was cut in the habitat’s wiring. The same day, the zoo discovered another hole in an exhibit for the langur monkeys. None of the monkeys, who the zoo said were ‘advanced in age,’ left their habitat. Then on January 21, a lappet-faced vulture was found dead in its exhibit. The vulture, a 35-year-old named Pin, was found to have an ‘unusual’ wound, leading them to believe he did not die of natural causes. Irvin was identified by members of a local church in Lancaster, Texas, who said he had previously attended services, local station WFAA reported. The abandoned property the monkeys were found in was actually an old home owned by the church that the congregation was trying to refurbish. Congregants told police that they had previously had break-ins at the property, after which they found small animals and birds. Police released a photo of Irvin on Tuesday after reviewing surveillance footage of the seeming to inspect the fencing on exhibits at the Dallas Zoo. Later on the same day, they got a tip that he was seen again – this time at the Dallas Aquarium. Dallas Police arrived at the aquarium, but Irvin was able to get on a DART train before they could detain him. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.