There are as many as 130 primary schools currently rated as poor by Ofsted across England. As the deadline for applications creeps closer, parents will be looking around for what they consider to be the best school for their children. With the government failing to negotiate pay for striking teachers, education has been heavily disrupted, so making the ‘best’ decision can be difficult. But this map revealing the worst-rated primary schools in the country should help. Every week, Ofsted carries out hundreds of regulatory visits to ensure schools are of a high standard. Inspectors evaluate institution on quality of education, behaviour and attitudes, personal development and leadership and management. Schools are graded on a four-point scale – grade 1 (outstanding), grade 2 (good), grade 3 (requires improvement) and grade 4 (inadequate). They also receive an overall effectiveness grade using the same four-point scale. As of May 3, there have been 97 primary schools that have the lowest rating from Ofsted and are therefore inadequate in the eyes of the education watchdog, the Daily Mail reported. Despite how helpful these ratings can be so parents, a number of headteachers as well as Britain’s largest teacher’s union have called for an end to them. A teacher, who wished to remain anonymous, told Metro.co.uk in December: ‘Just last month, Ofsted came under scrutiny for downgrading four in every five ‘outstanding’ schools – with over a fifth skipping the ‘good’ grade and falling all the way to ‘requires improvement’ (17%) or ‘inadequate’ (4%), according to Schools Week. ‘Introduced by former Education Secretary Michael Gove, ‘outstanding’ schools had – between 2012 and 2020 – been exempt from reinspection unless there were safeguarding concerns. ‘But this latest revelation that some schools had plummeted over two Ofsted grades while being left without scrutiny for up to a decade has some questioning the effectiveness of Ofsted as a body. ‘In my view, more thought and care needs to be given to the impact of how we label schools. ‘I’d go as far as to say we need an overhaul of Ofsted completely in favour of a fairer, more considered approach.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.