Sir Rod Stewart left a heartfelt note for late guitarist Jeff Beck, which was delivered alongside flowers to his funeral. Beck died at the age of 78 on January 10 after ‘suddenly contracting bacterial meningitis’. The legendary musician, who played with the Yardbirds and led the Jeff Beck Group, has now been laid to rest in service in South London, with Forever Young singer Sir Rod in attendance. Penning a touching note for the late star, Sir Rod, 78, referred to him as a ‘guitar genius.’ ‘It was a privilege to perform alongside a proper guitar genius,’ the Maggie May singer wrote sweetly. ‘Rest In Peace. See ya later Jeff, Sir Rod Stewart,’ he added. Sir Rod’s handwritten note sat inside a flower arrangement, with white roses in the shape of a heart. Stars including Johnny Depp and Ronnie Wood also went to Beck’s funeral to pay their respects and say a final goodbye to the rocker. The Pretenders’ founder Chrissie Hynde, joined them, as did Welsh music icon Sir Tom Jones. Adding to the stars, blues-rock guitarist Eric Clapton and Pink Floyd’s David Gilmour attended, as did Boomtown Rats lead singer Sir Bob Geldof. The service for Beck was held St Mary’s Church in Beddington, Sutton. Beck worked with countless big names throughout his career, including Sir Rod. Formed in 1967, the duo performed together as part of The Jeff Beck Group, with Sir Rod – who attended Beck’s funeral with wife Penny Lancaster – on lead vocals. Other records they created together included Truth in 1968 and Beck-Ola in 1969. Meanwhile, Beck was touring with Pirates of the Caribbean actor Depp just weeks before he died, promoting their debut album 18. When announcing the sad news of his death, a representative for Beck said that his family have asked for ‘privacy’ while they process their ‘tremendous loss.’ He is survived by wife Sandra Cash, whom he married in 2005. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson bursts with pride as he cuddles newborn granddaughter: ‘The happiest a man can be’ MORE : Freddie Flintoff’s horror crash laid bare as it’s revealed star was airlifted to hospital with ‘broken ribs and facial injuries’ 