Molly-Mae Hague has brought fans in on the special moment she brought her baby girl home for the first time, shortly after giving birth. The Love Island star welcomed daughter Bambi with boyfriend Tommy Fury on January 23, and waited a week to announce the joyful news on social media. Since then, Molly and Tommy, both 23, haven’t hesitated in sharing adorable photos and videos of them getting to know their little one, but perhaps no post has been more meaningful than the latest. In an Instagram video, which is soundtracked to the song To Build a Home, the PrettyLittleThing creative director is seen stepping out of a chauffeur-driven car and stepping inside the Manchester home she shares with boxer Tommy. Little Bambi is seen cradled in Molly’s arms as the influencer showers her with kisses in their foyer. The camera then captures the moment in which Molly introduces her daughter to her new nursery, decorated with cream and beige furniture, illuminated clouds hanging from a ceiling and her name ‘Bambi’ on a neon sign hung on a wall. ‘Bringing the most precious gift in the world home. I cry with happiness every time I watch this video,’ Molly captioned the post. After announcing her daughter’s birth, Molly penned a heartfelt message to her baby girl, vowing to love and protect her. ‘One week old today. I can’t believe we get to keep you forever,’ she wrote. ‘Becoming your mum has been the best thing to ever happen to me… it doesn’t seem possible but my love for you grows with each passing moment. There is no feeling like holding you in my arms little one, my heart literally explodes.’ She added: ‘Thank you for entering the world safely for us and blessing us with the gift of being your parents. ‘We promise to love and and care for you unconditionally forever.’ Tommy is also in feels after becoming a dad and expressed his awe for Molly after seeing her motherly nature towards Bambi, whose name is inspired by the deer made famous in the classic Disney movie. The boxer wrote in a touching Instagram post: ‘The best mummy in the entire world. Watching how you care for Bambi makes me love you more than I knew I could. ‘You’re everything I could have ever dreamed of for a mum and role model for our perfect girl.’ He added: ‘Thank you for making my dreams come true babe, I love you.’ However, it’s possible the family could be briefly separated as Tommy is preparing to jet off to Saudi Arabia later this month for his much-hyped, long-awaited fight against Jake Paul. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 