Love Island star Marcel Somerville has lost four family members in the space of just three weeks. The rapper, DJ and producer appeared on the third season of the reality dating show back in 2017, where he coupled up with Gabby Allen, where they eventually came in fourth place. Last year he married his girlfriend Rebecca Viera in Portugal. The couple share a young son, Roman. Despite the recent celebrations, Marcel, 36, has shared that the beginning of this year has been full of ‘highs and lows’. Explaining that he had been ‘really quiet’ on social media, Marcel shared the devastating losses he was going through. ‘This year has had so many highs and lows and it’s only February,’ he began the Instagram post. ‘I’ve lost 4 family members in 3 weeks and it’s really slapped me in the face. While he didn’t share any details of who the family members were, he urged people to not take life for granted. ‘Life is short, you never know what’s around the corner. So for the short time we are here fill you[r] life with love and adventure!’ he wrote. He added: ‘Do the things that make you happy and enjoy every moment you can with the ones you love.’ ‘Exclude all the negativity from your life and live for the people that bring positivity to your world.’ His post was quickly inundated with the support of family and friends, as well as his fans. Former Love Islander Jake Quickenden wrote: ‘Sending love bro always here if you wanna have a cuppa round mine x.’ Below Deck Mediterranean’s Courtney Veale also sent her support, writing that she was ‘so sorry’ and ‘sending all the love to you and your beautiful family’. Olympic sprinter Harry Aikines-Aryeetey said he was ‘sending positive vibes’. First making his name as a member of boyband Blazin’ Squad as a teenager in 2002, Marcel then signed up for Love Island when he was 31. He later appeared on Come Dine with Me in January 2020, and presents the podcast It’s Not All Dad with Jamie Jewitt and Jake. After leaving the villa, him and Gabby continued dating on the outside, but broke up about a year later. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kaz Crossley urges fans to stop sending Love Island’s Theo Campbell abuse over her Dubai arrest MORE : Love Island’s Zara Deniz hits out after being dragged into Shaq Muhammad and Tanya Manhenga’s Movie Night row 