Clarity is key for many signs today. Aries might do well to be honest with themselves if something in their life is not working out, while Taurus could get muddled up by something lost in translation. Sagittarius could save time, money and energy by employing their sixth sense, and Pisces might become more productive after some quiet reflection. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 24, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Should you hang on or let go, Aries? If something really isn’t going the way you hoped, then it might be time to realize this and drop it. This might be easier said than done though, especially if you’ve put a lot of effort in. But continuing could lead to further frustration and perhaps heartbreak. It may not be easy, but releasing it can pave the way for something much better. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The Sun in dreamy Pisces means something could get lost in translation. What you meant to say might not come out in the way you intended, and the result could be a mix-up. Make clarity your mantra today, and you might avoid the embarrassment of someone getting things completely wrong. Spell it out if you need to, especially if a new friendship or project depends on it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Don’t second guess yourself, Gemini. If you have a bold idea that seems just out of reach, this is no reason to give up on the spot. This vision could be the making of you if you employ a little faith and are less critical of it from the outset. You might already be aware of everything that could go wrong, but what about if it did better than you imagined and was a total success? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 If you’ve wondered about bringing up a tricky issue with someone, then today’s line-up encourages you to take a sensitive approach. There is potential for tempers to get frayed, or for someone to take your words to heart, if spoken in the wrong way. You can make your point, you just need to do it in such a way that it leaves the other person glad they’ve talked to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 To give or not to give? Is someone expecting more from you? And haven’t you been generous enough already, Leo? Today’s lunar ties suggest it could seem you’re being taken advantage of. Perhaps it’s time for this person to stand on their own feet, no matter how much you care about them. You may feel bad now, but it will be better for them to be more independent in general. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Need assistance with something, Virgo? After being so supportive of others, there’s no reason to feel bad for asking them for a helping hand. Don’t think twice about it, just do it! On another note, you may be keen to get a goal or ambition off the ground. And if so, feisty Mars continues to encourage you. There are people you could connect with who may be a mine of information. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Been juggling all kinds of commitments? If it’s getting too much for you, then call a halt. See if you can delegate any tasks and simplify your to-do list. You can’t expect to go flat out all the time, which is why the current line-up might be a call to take it easy. And if you haven’t been giving yourself a chance to recharge, then think about it. Regular self-care is a must, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 If you’re confident about something, then generally nothing can shake it. With an intense lunar tie on the go, you may doubt yourself when there is no need at all, Scorpio. A feeling of imposter syndrome could overtake you, but don’t give in to it. If you’re involved in a creative project or keen for a romance or friendship to take off, just be your natural, brilliant self and you’ll be fine. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Let your intuition guide you as you move forward, and trust your gut when strutting your stuff. You have an inbuilt guidance system that can be relied upon to save you time, help you make the best decisions, and assist you on your journey to happiness and success. All you have to do is trust it. Don’t bypass your sixth sense today, as it could save you time and money, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The Moon’s angle with Pluto, suggests that you may be overthinking something that should be relatively simple. With a surge of brain power causing a potential short, this is one time when less is more. Try the opposite approach and relax your grip. You might even want to walk away and forget about it for a while. And guess what? If you do, the answers may reveal themselves. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You know what you’re good at, so don’t beat about the bush and be too modest about your accomplishments, Aquarius. Except that today you might! The current star map actively encourages you to blow your own horn and be your own cheerleader, as you’ll then flourish. If you’ve got it flaunt it, and you certainly do! So, what are you waiting for? Time to make a move. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Your mind may be spinning, but a focus on private sectors encourages you to slow down and allow yourself to unwind. If you take on too much, you’ll end up dissipating your energy and getting very little done at all. The healing that comes from quiet reflection could help recharge your batteries and see you being more productive, especially now and over the weekend, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 19 to February 25 MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care MORE : Venus in Aries makes for drama in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope