Matt Hancock clearly sees a future in television as he appears to have set up his very own TV company just months after his controversial stint on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here. The West Suffolk MP got his first taste of reality TV fame when he headed to the Australian jungle on the ITV1 series in November. Despite receiving a large amount of criticism for his appearance on I’m A Celeb and even losing the Tory whip, Mr Hancock proved to be fairly popular and made it to the final finishing in third place. It has since emerged that the former health secretary earned a staggering £320,000 for the stint, with £10k donated to charity, although the donation was branded ‘pathetic’ by many considering the size of his fee. Mr Hancock, 44, may not be done with TV as he has set up the television programming and broadcasting company Greenhazel, of which he is listed as the sole director. The firm was registered with Companies House in January at an address in Newmarket, Suffolk. It’s not known what type of TV shows Mr Hancock plans on producing under the company, but it was previously reported that he was hoping to launch a television career, with speculation he could helm documentaries. In January, Mr Hancock faced further backlash after it was revealed he donated £10k from his £320k I’m A Celeb fee. Ahead of taking part on the show, it was said that Hancock would be supporting St Nicholas Hospice Care with his pay cheque, a charity he raised almost £8,000 for during 2021’s London Marathon. A spokesperson later confirmed Mr Hancock’s charity donation to Metro.co.uk, saying: ‘As well as raising the profile of his dyslexia campaign in front of 11million viewers, Matt’s donated £10,000 to St Nicholas Hospice in Suffolk and the British Dyslexia Association, off the back of his appearance on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here.’ However, some felt the politician could have donated a larger sum, with one tweeting: ‘I see Hancock earned £320k for I’m A Celeb and he gave £10k of it to charity. A whole 3.1% of the fee. ‘I thought it was all about charity and raising the profile of his dyslexia campaign. Don’t tell me Matt was less than honest with the Great British public.’ Mr Hancock’s other TV work has so far included an appearance on Channel 4’s Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins, for which he also earned £45k for taking part. Mr Hancock was health secretary for nearly three years but resigned in June 2021 after it emerged he had broken his own Covid guidance by kissing and embracing aide Gina Coladangelo in his office. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 