Former Better Call Saul star Michael Mando has been dumped from his latest TV project after a reported confrontation with a co-star. The Canadian actor played Nacho Varga on the Breaking Bad spin-off for six seasons 2015 to 2022, until the show wrapped up last year. He was next set to appear alongside Brian Tyree Henry in Apple TV series Sinking Spring, on which Ridley Scott is an executive producer. However, he’s now been let go from the project after apparently clashing with another actor on set. Sources say the actor was dismissed after an ‘on-set incident’, however details of what exactly happened are not known. Producers are said to have attempted to smooth things out, but the decision was made to let Mando go from the series and recast the role, according to The Hollywood Reporter. His role has already been recast, with Narcos star Wagner Moura, who played drug kingpin Pablo Escobar in the hit Netflix series, taking over the job. The eight-episode Apple TV series is based on Dennis Tafoya’s book Dope Thief and is being written by Top Gun: Maverick’s Peter Craig. It will follow long-time friends and delinquents who pose as DEA agents to rob a house in the countryside but end up unintentionally revealing and unravelling the biggest hidden narcotics corridor on the Eastern seaboard. Mando had been set to play Manny Cespedes, a friend of Ray’s (Henry), who he first met when they did time together in the youth authority. The series also stars Marin Ireland, Kate Mulgrew and Amir Arison. Before his break-out role in Better Call Saul, Mando also played Vaas Montenegro in the video game franchise Far Cry, Vic Schmidt in the sci-fi series Orphan Black, and Mac Gargan in the 2017 film Spider-Man: Homecoming. Metro.co.uk has contacted Apple TV and representatives for Michael Mando. Better Call Saul is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Breaking Bad fans can buy Walter White’s pants actually worn by Bryan Cranston for $5,000 MORE : Breaking Bad’s Bryan Cranston convinced Superbowl advert will be last time we see Walter White  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 