Love Island star Will Young looks as though he’s going to try and fix his messy situation as quickly as possible after sharing a passionate kiss with Layla Al-Momani… and immediately regretting his decision. On last night’s episode of the ITV2 show, farmer Will continued to get to know brand managing director Layla after the girls departed for Casa Amor. Despite admitting that he believed personal trainer Jessie would stay loyal to him, he appeared more than happy to explore a new connection emotionally and physically. However, after locking lips with Layla, he confessed straight away that he thought it was a bad idea and that he might have seriously messed up – and plenty of fans watching at home agreed. On tonight’s episode of the programme, he’s going to take Layla aside for a chat… and if we’re interpreting his statement correctly, he may choose to shut down any possible romance between them once and for all, before he has a chance to reunite with Jessie, Once they’re on their own together, Will turns to Layla and says: ‘For me it all hit me at once.’ Could Layla’s chances of staying in the main villa in a couple be about to be dashed? Meanwhile, in Casa Amor, Jessie has a frank chat with Lana Jenkins about how she’s feeling, acknowledging the jealousy that she feels at the thought of Will getting to know other people. Having just had a chat with Frankie Davey, Jessie says: ‘It’s making me miss Will. Talking to him I just think my heart’s really closed off. ‘Yesterday I was thinking a lot about what they’re doing in the Villa and I was starting to feel that jealousy feeling and being like…’ Addressing how much it takes for her to feel as though she can trust a partner, she added: ‘It takes a lot for me to trust. But I feel like if what Will and I have is true he’d actually be sitting there feeling the same way.’ How is Jessie going to feel when she finds out what Will has been up to? Elsewhere on the show, Olivia Hawkins may be doubting her connection with Kai Fagan even more after hearing some crucial information from the Casa Amor boys, while Cynthia Otseh-Taiwo grows even closer to Casey O’Gorman. Meanwhile, Sanam Harrinanan is clearly feeling a spark with Kai, despite having recently shared a smooch with Casey. We can’t keep up! Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island superfan Ed Balls looks absolutely shattered by Will Young cheating on Jessie Wynter with Casa Amor bombshell MORE : Love Island fans wince at ‘kinky boy’ Will Young’s ‘cringe’ convo before snogging Layla Al-Momani 