Trans television star India Willoughby has hit back at the Question Time studio audience after her appearance on Thursday night’s programme. The former Loose Women panellist, 57, was among the guests on Question Time hosted by Fiona Bruce alongside Jenny Gilruth, John Lamont, Ian Murray and journalist Ella Whelan. During the debate surrounding trans women prisoners entering female prisons, one audience member received a huge round of applause when she insisted ‘you can’t change sex’ and that trans women who have lived as women for years and undergone gender reassignment surgery should not be allowed in female single-sex spaces. ‘We don’t allow men into female spaces for good reason,’ she said. ‘There are good men and there are predatory men, we should not allow trans into female spaces. There are good trans and there are predatory trans and that’s a fact. ‘Women and children have to be safe.’ Willoughby compared the remarks to conversations ‘in the 1970s about black people’. Scottish Conservative Party MP Lamont also received claps for saying the government didn’t feel as though ‘necessary safeguards’ were in place to block trans women from entering female prisons. Whelan got actual cheers when she said: ‘It’s remarkable to me that politicians in Scotland and England have given up the belief in reality that sex is real and that it is irrefutable.’ After the episode aired on Thursday night, Willoughby tweeted: ‘Lynch mob. Felt like I was at a hanging! Mine! Trans people are amazing (I know – biased) and it was disappointing to feel that mood in the air. 1970s audience bar a few exceptions! Did my best – love you all.’ She also shared a video with her followers, saying: ‘In a perverse way it’s worked in my favour because the pubic has seen the gender critical movement is all about. ‘I thought it would be a reasoned debate and actually all they’ve got is insults and tormenting people bullying people. ‘I’m not going to be bullied and I know the rest of the trans community are not going to be bullied – we’ve done nothing wrong.’ Willoughby added that she was ‘really disappointed’ in the Labour representative Murray for just ‘sitting back and allowing it to happen’. ‘I can’t imagine any other minority being talked about in that way and everyone just sitting back and letting it take place,’ she said. Willoughby may have faced tough opposition in the studio, but many fans on social media applauded her guts, including singer Boy George, who tweeted: ‘So proud of India Willoughby on Question Time tonight.’ Someone else said Willoughby was ‘made of steel for the way you handled yourself’, while many more were shocked by the ‘hostility’ towards trans people. Question Time airs Thursdays from 8pm on BBC iPlayer and 10.35pm on BBC One.