The Grammys 2023 are upon us – and boy, is it going to be a good one… With performances from stars including Harry Styles, Jay Z, Lizzo and more, the biggest night in music has pulled out all the stops. What’s more, host Trevor Noah – who’s back to helm the starry gig for a third year – has teased an appearance from another major artist and, honestly, it’s been giving us sleepless nights. This year’s awards has recognised the likes of Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar, and Sam Smith, while Beyoncé leads the pack with a whopping nine nominations thanks to her Renaissance comeback. So, as we head into the glitzy madness that is Grammys weekend, let’s summarise all what we can expect – as well as how we can get in on the action overseas… Never known to do anything half-heartedly, this year’s Grammys have bagged some mega stars. After making his Grammo debut two years ago and taking home a trophy for summer hit Watermelon Sugar, 1D heartthrob Harry Styles will return to the famous stage, most likely with his tune As It Was. Also performing will be Sam Smith and Kim Petras, following the success of their viral hit Unholy. But that’s not all, as this year’s line-up includes other A-listers, with Mary J. Blige and Lizzo on the bill. Oh, and as if that wasn’t enough, rap legend Jay Z was seemingly confirmed by Variety, who reported that he will perform the Grammy-nominated song God Did at the prestigious ceremony. According to the outlet, the Encore rapper will be joined on stage by DJ Khaled, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, John Legend, and Friday for a special all-star live rendition of the track, which is up for three awards. Other performances have been hinted at to pay tribute to iconic performers who died over the last year, with Sheryl Crow, Mick Fleetwood, and Bonnie Raitt tipped to perform Songbird in honour of late Fleetwood Mac star Christine McVie. Country music queen Kacey Musgraves is supposedly set to perform Coal Miner’s Daughter in tribute to the late Loretta Lynn, and Maverick City Music and Quavo will seemingly sing Without You to remember rapper Takeoff. But the musical magic doesn’t end there, as there’s another celeb yet to be identified… We wish we knew! But, the internet is alight with theories. With Jay Z said to be on the list, of course, this sent fans into overdrive, with speculation rife that his wife Beyoncé could take to the mic. Former Daily Show host Trevor recently teased: ‘I’m not allowed to say anything. But this is what I will say. One of your favourite performers is a woman, and that woman is going to be performing at the Grammys. ‘Then one of your other favourite performers is a man, and that man is going to be performing at the Grammys. You’re going, “Oh, but that could be anyone”. ‘But you know it’s not anyone because you’ve been listening to their album the whole year.’ So, could it be… Bey? Might it be Taylor Swift, who also released her hit album Midnights last year? We. Need. To. Know. Oh, we’re so glad you asked! Well, thanks to Break My Soul and everything iconic that followed, Queen Bey has officially tied with hubby Jay, receiving the most noms in Grammy history with 88 – what a power couple. Elsewhere, Adele is in the mix with her 30 album, as is Harry’s House with a very impressive six noms. Future and DJ Khaled have six nominations each as well, while Abba, Doja Cat, Lizzo, Gayle, Steve Lacy, Bad Bunny, Coldplay, and Diplo have a few to their names. As for new talent, the likes of Wet Leg, Eurovision stars Måneskin, Omar Apollo, and Latto are all up for best new artist. The performers and nominees won’t be the only stars in the building on Sunday night, as a slew of A-listers will be on hand to hand out gongs. Cardi B, Viola Davis, Dwayne Johnson, Shania Twain, James Corden, Olivia Rodrigo, Jill Biden, and Billy Crystal are all set to dish out those coveted trophies. It’s the question on everybody’s lips… but we’ve got the answer. The awards will take place live from the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles. The show will be broadcast live on the CBS Television Network and stream live and on-demand on Paramount+. And while no TV channels in the UK will be airing the ceremony, those who are up late can watch it in full via the live-stream on the Grammys website. The show will take place starting at 5pm PT/8pm EST, which will be 1am GMT on February 6 for us Brits. So, who do you reckon will take home the goods? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cher, 76, and boyfriend Alexander Edwards, 36, make stylish entrance at sushi hotspot for pre-Grammy party MORE : Underwear-clad Rita Ora turns heads in sexy ensemble she cuddles up to husband Taika Waititi at pre-Grammy bash in LA  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 