A independent underwater rescue team has reportedly offered to assist police in the search for missing mother-of-two Nicola Bulley. Specialist Group International (SGI) will on Monday join the search of the waterways of St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. The team offered its services free of charge on social media, and will be led by forensic expert Peter Faulding. ‘I have just had a long call with the Lancashire police search adviser to discuss the search for Nicola,’ he said. ‘We will work closely with the police search teams who are working long hours to find Nicola. ‘The team are leaving shortly from our base in Dorking en route to Lancashire to start tomorrow morning.’ Since its inception in 1995, SGI has worked in the fields of specialist rescue, underwater and forensic search, and protester removal alongside a number of agencies including UK police forces and the FCI, according to its website. Among its arsenal of technology and equipment, Faulding said the company has a £55,000 side-scan sonar with a high frequency of 1,800 kHz. The sonar is likely to start from the weir and travel downwards to identify any possible targets. Police also have a side-scan sonar but Faulding believes SGI’s is ‘probably a bit more superior’. ‘Sometimes you can get deep pools of water where the sonar can’t quite get to and that’s where you have to put the diver in,’ he told Sky News. ‘But this river winds around and there’s deep pools, there’s shallow bits, so it’s a lot of work. ‘We will work a long day and continue until we finish.’ Lancashire Police believe Ms Bulley, 45, accidentally fell into the river while out walking her dog on the morning of Friday 27 January. Its search teams have already been scouring the river though have not been able to retrieve anything. SGI’s involvement comes as new images were released of Ms Bulley from the day she disappeared. The images, taken from her home’s doorbell camera and released by her family, show her loading the car before driving her two children to school. Meanwhile, a woman described as a ‘key witness’ by police has come forward after a call was on Saturday put out to trace a person seen pushing a pram in the area Ms Bulley went missing. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.