Russia has been accused of breaching the airspace of a Western ally after two of its missiles allegedly crossed into Moldova. The Kalibr cruise missiles were allegedly launched from a vessel in the Black Sea on Friday morning and were destined for a target in western Ukraine. After travelling over the Ukrainian coastline, they initially continued through the warzone before entering Moldova, where local authorities say the rockets were detected over at least two towns. There is no indication Russia intended to hit targets outside Ukraine, which said the missiles were ‘escorted and destroyed’ over its territory. But the alleged manoeuvre would have effectively used Moldovan civilians as ‘human shields’ to deter Ukraine from shooting down the missiles sooner. A spokesperson for the Ukrainian air force told local media it could have hit them before they re-entered Ukraine but chose not to for fear of ‘endangering the population of a foreign state’. Ukraine’s military also claimed the missiles briefly flew into Romanian airspace, although Romania said its radar systems only detected one rocket which came within 35 kilometres (22 miles) of its border. Moldova urgently summoned its Russian ambassador, adding that it ‘strongly condemns the violation of [Moldovan] airspace’ and called on Moscow to ‘stop military aggression against a neighbouring country’. The landlocked country is not part of Nato but has strongly backed Ukraine since the invasion and formally requested to join the EU soon after the invasion. One of the towns under the missiles’ flight path, Mocra, is part of Transnistria, a sliver of territory ruled by pro-Kremlin breakaway forces who have welcomed large deployments of Russian troops. Moldova has accused Russia of using the territory to try and destabilise its government, and officials in the breakaway government have repeateadly made unsubstantiated claims of bombings in its territories by Ukrainian forces. Friday’s missile launches are part of a huge volley of strikes across Ukraine ahead of a major assault Russia is believed to be planning in the run-up to the one-year anniversary of its invasion later this month. Air raid alerts sounded in every region of the country on two separate occasions on Friday morning, with a presidential adviser warning of ‘a massive Russian rocket attack’. The mayor of Kyiv, former world champion boxer Vitali Klitschko, posted in a Telegram update: ‘According to the air defence forces, ten missiles were shot down over Kyiv. ‘There is damage to electrical networks. There are no casualties. Energy workers are working to restore networks.’ Up to 35 guided missiles hit infrastructure facilities in Kharkiv, causing no casualties but severa large fires which were ‘quickly’ brought under control, local forces added. The UK’s Ministry of Defence said Russian forces have made ‘tactical gains’ in two major battle zones in recent days, but ‘likely suffered heavy casualties’ in one due to its use of ‘inexperienced units’. One engagement saw Russian attackers routed so quickly that they abandoned at least 30 ‘mostly intact’ armoured vehicles, it added.  Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.