Ex-President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner have reportedly been called to testify on his efforts to overturn the 2020 election and role in provoking the Capitol riot. Special counsel Jack Smith issued the subpoenas for the couple to speak before a federal grand jury, two people with knowledge on the matter told The New York Times on Wednesday. The subpoenas show that Smith is reaching for those closest to Donald in his investigation. Ivanka and Kushner served as senior White House advisers to Donald during his four years as president. It was not immediately clear if Donald will try to block Ivanka and Kushner from testifying by claiming executive privilege. The ex-president has already tried to do so for other witnesses. The report of the couple being subpoenaed comes two weeks after it was revealed that Smith called former Vice President Mike Pence to testify in the inquiry. Pence intends to invoke his former role as the Senate president and argue that the subpoena violates the Constitution’s clause on speech or debate. Ivanka and Kushner testified before a House select committee that investigated the January 6 insurrection, after Donald did not move to stop them. The committee played clips from their videotaped interviews during a series of public hearings. In one clip, Ivanka said she accepted then-Attorney General William Barr’s declaration that there was no evidence of significant fraud in the presidential election. Donald, who has continued to claim there was widespread fraud, was reportedly furious at her testimony. Since leaving the White House, Ivanka and Kushner have moved to the Miami area with their three children. Kushner was present at Donald’s 2024 campaign launch at Mar-a-Lago in November. But Ivanka skipped the affair and stated, ‘I do not plan to be involved in politics’. ‘I love my father very much,’ Ivanka stated. ‘This time around, I am choosing to prioritize my young children and the private life we are creating as a family.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.