Work might have its woes but there are some perks that make office life just that little bit better. And whether we care to admit it or not, a work spouse is one of them. The vast majority of British workers have a ‘work wife’ or ‘work husband’ that our actual partners may not know about, with 73% of us saying that we have a ‘special, platonic friendship with a work colleague characterised by a close emotional bond’. And, according to the research by Krispy Kreme, almost half of those with a work spouse (43%) admit they are more likely to confide in them than their actual husband or wife. The study also reveals just how highly we value these special working relationships. Three in 10 workers say they’d actually quit their current job if their work spouse were to leave. Understandably, this can cause problems at home. One in five women (19%) and one in eight men (38%) confess that the closeness of a work relationship has caused their real partner to raise an eyebrow. This may explain why 13% of workers – rising to 19% of men – don’t mention the close bond with their work spouse at home at all. Nevertheless, the survey of 1,561 workers found there are real benefits to such a friendship in the workplace, including benefitting the respondents’ mental health, providing a more enjoyable work environment and having personal support at work. Psychologist Dr Audrey Tang adds: ‘Research has found that close work friends or work spouses can become ‘communities of coping’ – people you can turn to at times of stress who really get it. ‘Many people even stay longer in their places of work because of the friendships they have formed there.’ Do you have a story you want to share? Email MetroLifestyleTeam@metro.co.uk to tell us more. MORE : ‘I go home with a smile on my face’: Two care workers reveal what they love about a career supporting others MORE : How I Made It: ‘A battle with sepsis inspired me to switch careers and teach yoga’ MORE : Are you ever too old to change careers? What to know about making the move at different points in life