Gemma Collins has revealed she suffered a health emergency overnight and that an ambulance was called to assist her. Although the former TOWIE star, 42, didn’t specify what had happened, she posted two separate photos confirming she’d been helped by medical professionals, one that showed her hooked up to wires while ambulance staff kneeled at her feet and another of an ambulance outside her home. Alongside the images, Gemma wrote: ‘Thank you to all the amazing people that helped me this evening.’ Referencing the ongoing ambulance strikes, Gemma added on Instagram: ‘I really hope you get all you deserve. Really thankful in these current times to have such an amazing service.’ It comes after Gemma revealed she’s seeking the help of witches because she thinks she’s ‘cursed’. The reality star explained her connection to the mystical beings and shared fears she’d had a spell put on her. Revealing she regularly takes Zoom calls with her spiritual friends, she discussed her beliefs on a recent podcast episode. Hosting a show named after herself, the iconic TV personality paused proceedings to take a phone call during the recording and went on to spill details on her speculated ‘curse’ for listeners. She cryptically said: ‘I swear guys, I’ve been cursed, but I’m going to come back to that…’ Gemma – who refers to herself as the GC – continued on: ‘But I’m powerful enough myself to break the curse, I’ve got witches all over the UK and the world that get on a Zoom call when I need them.’ Joking that they ‘can’t come on their broomsticks’, she credited technology for bringing her spiritual circle together. ‘We all get on a Zoom and do some creative energy flying around and we just expel the negative energy,’ the Essex native told her audience. Metro.co.uk has approached Gemma’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon’s baby name ‘revealed’ according to eagle-eyed fans and it’s precious MORE : Wes Nelson hits back at Megan Barton Hanson after she branded ex ‘vanilla’ in bed: ‘She’s said some crazy things’ 