Pharrell Williams has been confirmed as the new men’s creative director for Louis Vuitton, a position which was held by the late Virgil Abloh. The move was announced today by LV Chairman & CEO Pietro Beccari who welcomed the Frontin’ producer, 49, the prestige family and praised his past collaborations with the brand. Pharrell’s first collection with LV is believed to debut next June during Men’s Fashion Week in Paris. Announcing the news on Instagram, a statement read: ‘Louis Vuitton is delighted to welcome Pharrell Williams as its new Men’s Creative Director. His first collection for Louis Vuitton will be revealed next June during Men’s Fashion Week in Paris.‘Pharrell Williams is a visionary whose creative universes expand from music to art, and to fashion – establishing himself as a cultural global icon over the past twenty years.’ The record producer will be taking the position that once belonged to the late designer Virgil Abloh, who died in November 2021 after silently battling cancer. Despite being known for producing mega hits including Happy and Blurred Lines, the songwriter has worked with several fashion brands including Adidas, and Chanel. Mourning Abloh’s death , Williams wrote on Twitter: ‘My heart is broken Virgil you were a kind, generous, thoughtful creative genius your work as a human and your work as a spiritual being will live forever.‘Sending love and light to your wife, children, family and day ones you’re with the Master now, shine.’ News of Abloh’s death was shared on his Instagram page, with his loved ones penning a lengthy tribute. ‘We are devastated to announce the passing of our beloved Virgil Abloh, a fiercely devoted father, husband, son, brother, and friend,’ it read. ‘He is survived by his loving wife Shannon Abloh, his children Lowe Abloh and Grey Abloh, his sister Edwina Abloh, his parents Nee and Eunice Abloh, and numerous dear friends and colleagues. ‘For over two years, Virgil valiantly battled a rare, aggressive form of cancer, cardiac angiosarcoma. He chose to endure his battle privately since his diagnosis in 2019, undergoing numerous challenging treatments, all while helming several significant institutions that span fashion, art, and culture.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emily Ratajkowski and new boyfriend Eric Andre bare all in daring Valentine’s Day snap, and we don’t know where to look MORE : Beyoncé’s team shuts down reports she demanded £500,000 to perform at Brit Awards  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 