The Metropolitan Police has said it is ‘truly sorry’ to the victims of former policeman David Carrick who has emerged as one of the country’s most prolific sex offenders. Carrick, 48, served as an officer for 20 years during which he used his position of power to both gain his victims’ trust and threaten them into silence. He is facing decades behind bars after admitting a total of 49 offences – including 24 counts of rape against 12 women – between 2003 and 2020, On the eve of his two-day sentencing starting at Southwark Crown Court tomorrow, an assistant Met Police commissioner has admitted Carrick should never have been an officer. ‘I am truly sorry for the harm and devastation he has caused [the victims],’ Barbara Gray said. ‘We let them down and we failed to identify a man in the ranks of the Metropolitan Police Service who carried out the most awful offences. ‘He should not have been a police officer.’ More details about the ‘cruel and abusive’ nature of his crimes would be provided in the coming days, she said. She also said the impact he had on the women who came forward to provide evidence against him, would be shown in the sentencing. ‘They truly deserve to have their voices heard and see justice done,’ Gray added. The Met Police said it was determined to root out those who ‘corrupt [its] integrity’, with Carrick’s crimes throwing a harsh spotlight on its need to address the systemic failings within its force. Met Police Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley last month said two or three police officers are expected to appear in court each week to face criminal charges linked to dishonesty, sexual offences, violence or domestic violence in the coming months. Speaking to the London Assembly Police and Crime Committee on Wednesday, he warned more ‘painful stories’ would emerge as efforts to remove the hundreds of corrupt officers that are thought to be serving in the workforce continue. In the wake of Carrick’s convictions, around 1,000 previous cases involving Met officers and staff who were accused of sexual offences or domestic violence are being reviewed to make sure they were handled correctly. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.