The Full Moon in Leo could shine spotlights on those born under many signs. Aries may feel like venting but is advised, along with Gemini, to hold back on acting impulsively as it may backfire. Leo could see a situation that’s been simmering away coming to a head and may benefit from clearing the air. Scorpio will stand out whether they like it or not. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 5, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Expect a touch of drama, with the Leo Full Moon encouraging you to vent if something isn’t quite to your liking. And yet it’s generally the squeaky hinge that gets the oil, so by making your feelings clear you will get results. Plus, a link to Uranus could enhance the desire for instant results. You may be tempted to act impulsively Aries, but it might backfire, so be patient. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 All the world is a stage, and today’s Full Moon can find you eager to make a big splash. And yet home and family affairs may become a priority, just when you have something important to accomplish. Emotions could run high, and you might need to placate someone with a promise, just so that you can move ahead with your plans. If you can simplify matters, this will help, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The writing is on the wall, so whatever needs to be known will be talked about widely, as the Full Moon takes place in your sector of communication. Matters that may have been swept under the carpet could come out into the open, making this a time for animated discussion. However, there is a chance that you or others could overreact to certain news and be rather too hasty, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A financial issue may require attention, as today’s powerful lunar phase in your money zone, could push you to do something. And although you may need to scramble to sort this out, you could uncover new information that benefits you along the way. Plus, a flash of inspiration, and one that is rather ingenious, could help you to find a way to tackle an ongoing issue, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Today’s dramatic Full Moon in your sign could ramp-up the drama, as a situation that’s been simmering away comes to a head. If you know what this is, then acting sooner rather than later to resolve it might help lessen any fall-out. Mind, although events could disrupt plans, clearing the air can be a relief, leaving you free to move ahead. And a relationship may improve no end. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 All you want is some peace and quiet, and yet you might be busier than ever, Virgo. If your to-do list is taller than you, then something certainly needs to change. This could be a precursor of things to come, unless you can find a way to get your schedule better organized. Do you have too many projects on the go at once? If so, finding the right work/life balance is crucial to happiness. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 There’s a party vibe in the air, or at least a desire to let your hair down. If you can’t get out to an event, then how about letting your hair down at home. Put some music on and dance your heart out. And if someone wants to join you, that’s great! Still, feelings can be intense. If a romance is blossoming, then today’s Full Moon could bring things to a head in an unexpected way, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Ready for your place in the spotlight? Today’s lunar phase in your sector of reputation, can make you stand out, whether you want this or not. If you have something to promote, then you could get a very enthusiastic response. But if you need to share something delicate, this too might soon be doing the rounds. Choose your words carefully, as they will be noticed by all kinds of people. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Be careful what you say, as today’s Full Moon across your communication axis, could coincide with a conflict of opinion that you’re unlikely to stay quiet about. And with unpredictable Uranus involved, you could say something that makes the situation worse. If you need to stay on good terms with this person or group, then it’s wise to detach and let it all wash over you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Today’s lunar phase can find you in the mood to splurge, especially if the latest gadget is on sale and you have to have it. A Full Moon in Leo, might encourage you to think of it as an investment, even if in your heart of hearts, you know that you can make do with what you have. If there is something you need that will bring a good return on your money, you could get a bargain. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Today’s Full Moon in your sector of relating, can fuel relationship dramas and coincide with intense interactions. And it is one of those times when the smallest thing could trigger a meltdown, especially if a matter has been a point of tension for a while. There is a chance to sort things out, but unless you manage to clear the air Aquarius, those edgy feelings will linger on. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Have too much on your plate? If you’ve been struggling on regardless, today’s Full Moon could highlight a need to stop and unwind. With disruptive Uranus on the scene, an unexpected event could scupper your plans and add unnecessary stress to the mix. You’ll realize that you need more time to relax and less pressure. Finding a way to make this happen will be a game-changer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023