Alicia Allain, the wife of Dukes of Hazzard star John Schneider, has died at the age of 53. The actor and country singer announced his loss in a heartfelt post shared on social media, sharing a picture of his late spouse and another image of them holding hands. ‘My beautiful Smile is pain free, living in her new body alongside Jesus,’ he wrote in his tribute. ‘Please respect our privacy during this time of grief. Please do not ask any questions.’ The 62-year-old added on Instagram: ‘If you have any pictures of us and our obvious love and adoration for each other, please post them below. ‘Lastly… hug those you love tight and let them know how you feel. We always did.’ Schneider and Allain were married in 2019, with Allain having been Schneider’s producing partner and the owner of Maven Entertainment since 2015. In an obituary published online by Wilbert Funeral Home in Plaquemine, Louisiana, it said that she died ‘at her home surrounded by her family as she took her last breath on Tuesday, February 21, 2023, at the age of 53’. No cause of death has been given. ‘She was a native of Brusly and resident of Holden. Alicia was a proud mom and smile to her husband,’ the obituary said, outlining that she had been working as a filmmaker and music producer since the 1990s. Allain is survived by her daughter Jessica, her parents, brother, stepdaughter Karis, and her granddaughter. The obituary reads: ‘From Brusly to Hollywood and back, Alicia was a force that inspired others, she was kind and generous to all she met. She always put herself last. ‘She was very protective of her parents. She was mama bear that protected all her cubs. She was a fighter until the end. Alicia will be missed mighty.’ A private service is set to be held to honour Allain, with the request being made that instead of sending flowers, well-wishers ‘say prayers for her surviving family, tell someone you love that you love them in her honor, hug them and hold them tight’. MORE : Emmy-nominated star of Hill Street Blues Barbara Bosson dies aged 83 MORE : Stephen ‘tWitch’ Boss’ wife Allison Holker returns to social media with emotional video after his death  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 