All eyes are on WWE superstar Sami Zayn this week as he prepares for the match of his life at Elimination Chamber. After months of twists and turns, the former Honorary Uce has broken away from The Bloodline and will step out in front of a hometown crowd in Montreal to face Roman Reigns in a bitter, personal grudge match with the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship on the line. The enormity of Saturday night’s show hasn’t been lost on Sami, and even back in October he exclusively told Metro.co.uk about his hopes for Saturday night. ‘I get excited just thinking about the reaction I’m gonna get! I hope that doesn’t sound arrogant, but historically speaking Montreal has been very kind to me as my hometown,’ he said with a smile. Even in October, Sami was hoping his Montreal moment could end up being a definitive part of his Bloodline saga, and thankfully that’s proven to be the case. ‘I’d love to say that’d involved the Bloodline,’ he told us at the time. ‘The important thing is I hope it’s a story-driven thing so that the reaction of the audience isn’t just about, “Hey there’s Sami, he’s our guy!” ‘ He added: ‘It’s about, “There’s Sami, he’s our guy, and this moment is big because this is a great story!” And of course, delivering the goods with a good match or something like that in front of a hot crowd, that’ll never get old, so combining that element as well will be a lot of fun.’ It’s been an incredible time for Sami, and while seemingly every fan is in his corner this weekend hoping he can finally win a world championship in WWE, Sami has admitted he is more driven by stories than titles. ‘It’s definitely stories more than titles. Titles are nice because they make people care about the stories even more. It’s high stakes. Of course, I wanna be around the titles,’ he confessed. ‘Sure, that’s great, but it’s not about the title itself, it’s about the levels of investment that comes from the audience when a title’s involved because the fans know, “Oh this is important, I really have to care about this”. ‘I like when those stakes are on the line, for sure. A lot of times, I do think of stories and how titles can get involved to heighten that.’ However, what’s really been inspiring the star – who is a decorated champion in his own right – has been the chance to deliver an emotional and satisfying story for himself and the fans. He said: ‘It’s about telling good stories and I’ve been fortunate in the last few years – with the conspiracy stuff and maybe a bit before that – to really be able to sink my teeth into these stories and to have these visions of, “Here’s where we are and here’s where we’d like to go”. ‘Yeah it kinda takes these left and right turns along the way, but I’m along for the same ride as the audience.’ WWE’s Elimination Chamber will broadcast live from the Bell Centre in Montreal, Canada, on Saturday night (February 19, 2023) at 1am GMT. Tune in on the WWE Network or on BT Sport. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Sami Zayn was desperate to scrap beloved theme song Worlds Apart and hopes it’s never coming back MORE : WWE star Sami Zayn admits Jey Uso ‘rift’ was never big part of The Bloodline plan  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 