The IRA has tried to claim that members of the group were behind the attempted murder of police officer John Caldwell in Northern Ireland. Members of the Irish Republican Group described the shooting as a ‘military operation’ with ‘all volunteers returned to base’ after a statement was attached to a wall close to the scene in Derry. The unverified message surfaced on Sunday night, and was widely shared online. It comes after PSNI John Caldwell was targeted at a sports centre on Wednesday night, where two gunmen opened fire as he was putting footballs into the boot of his car alongside his son. The off-duty officer was shot in the attack in front of a number of young people at the Youth Sport Omagh a sports centre in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. He underwent surgery and police have since arrested six people in their investigation into the attempted murder. The note was signed off as ‘T O’Neill’, a signature famous with dissident republican paramilitaries. The full statement read: ‘The Irish Republican Army claim responsibility for the military operation targeting senior Crown Force member John Caldwell. ‘An active service unit of the IRA were in position to target the enemy within our chosen kill zone with other armed volunteers giving cover. ‘All volunteers returned safely to base. ‘Irish Republican Army intelligence are now in possession of security information regarding the out of bounds movement of Crown Force personnel. ‘We would say this, you still have to try and live a normal life day-to-day, one of these days the IRA will be waiting. T O’Neill.’ The dissident organisation has previously issued statements by posting them on walls in public areas. The statement was later carried on social media, including an account that has carried previous republican statements.  A 71-year-old  was arrested under the Terrorism Act on Saturday, and he is to be questioned by detectives at Musgrave Serious Crime Suite. The five other men – aged 22, 38, 43, 45 and 47 – who have also been arrested in connection with the attempted murder remain in custody. Earlier on Saturday, the PSNI said they had been granted an extension to the detention of four of the men, allowing more time for questioning. Mr Caldwell remains in hospital with ‘critical injuries’ according to police. Wounded officer Mr Caldwell is a well-known officer who has led investigations into murders, organized crime and the dissident paramilitary campaign. The injured officer was rushed to Altnagelvin Hospital around 8pm. Northern Ireland’s chief constable Simon Byrne said he was in a ‘critical but stable’ condition. Assistant Chief Constable Mark McEwan said: ‘John sustained a number of bullet wounds to his torso and was taken to hospital for treatment to his injuries’. The gunmen are believed to have fled across the Irish border following the attack, prompting Irish police to ‘intensify patrolling’ in border counties. Mr McEwan said: ‘Two gunmen approached and we believe both have fired multiple shots. ‘John has ran a short distance and he’s fallen to the ground, and as he’s on the ground the gunmen have continued to fire at him. ‘That shows the absolute callous nature of this attack in a crowded space where there are children and parents in the vicinity, and we saw many of those young people and children running in sheer terror to get to safety. ‘At least two other vehicles have been struck, and again this highlights the callous and reckless nature of this attack.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.