The last pictures of Nicola Bulley on the day she went missing while walking her dog have been shared by her friend. The 45-year-old mum-of-two was last seen walking next to the River Wyre in St Michael’s on Wyre in Lancashire, nine days ago. The CCTV pictures show her loading her car outside her home on January 27 before driving her two children to school and going for a riverside walk. Police believe she may have fallen into the river. It is believed the 45-year-old mortgage adviser went missing in ‘a 10-minute window’ while walking her dog, Willow, after dropping off her six and nine-year-old daughters at school. Ms Bulley had logged in to a Microsoft Teams call at 9.01am, which ended at 9.30am with her phone still connected to the call. She was seen by another dog walker at 9.10am – the last known sighting. Her phone was traced to a bench overlooking the river at 9.20am, and later found at around 9.35am, with Willow nearby. In a Facebook post, Ms Bulley’s sister, Louise Cunningham, urged people to ‘keep an open mind’ as there is ‘no evidence whatsoever’ that the dog walker fell in the river. ‘Off the back of the latest Police media update, please can I add there is no evidence whatsoever that she has gone into the river, it’s just a theory,’ she said. ‘Everyone needs to keep an open mind as not all CCTV and leads have been investigated fully, the police confirmed the case is far from over.’ Ms Bulley’s friend, Emma White, also cast doubt on the police theory, telling Sky News it was based on ‘limited information’. ‘When we are talking about a life we can’t base it on a hypothesis – surely we need this factual evidence,’ she said. ‘That’s what the family and all of us are holding on to – that we are sadly no further on than last Friday. ‘We still have no evidence, and that’s why we’re out together in force. You don’t base life on a hypothesis.’ In an interview with The Sun, Ms White said that police were working to get data off Ms Bulley’s Fitbit watch. ‘The Fitbit had not been synced since Tuesday,’ she said. Earlier today another close friend of Ms Bulley appealed to cruel trolls on social media to stop causing ‘hurt and distress’ to the family. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.