The Office actor Mackenzie Crook has described the search for his missing sister-in-law Laurel Aldrige as ‘agonising’. Tuesday marks one week since Aldridge, 62, was reported missing from her home in Walberton, West Sussex. Crook, best-known for playing Gareth Keenan in the British mockumentary sitcom, has used his platform to plead with the public for information in the difficult week since her disappearance. Now the star has appeared on Good Morning Britain to again plead for help, admitting the family were ‘clutching at straws’ one week on. He explained that Aldridge, who is the older sister of his wife, had left her home without a phone, keys or money, and was last sighted at Slindon cricket ground on Tuesday, February 14 – ‘since then, nothing.’ The missing woman had tragically been diagnosed with cancer in 2022, and on the day she disappeared missed a chemotherapy session, which Crook believes ‘triggered some sort of crisis in her and she’s gone off for a long walk somewhere…we are really clutching at straws now after a week.’ Crook and Aldridge’s family had been searching ‘so many wooded areas’ in the last two days it had become ‘overwhelming,’ he added. Pleaading directly to GMB viewers, he said they were ‘hopeful’ Aldridge may have taken shelter in a garden, shed or outhouse, and asked people to check their gardens – even if they had done so already, in case she was ‘on the move.’ ‘It’s agonising,’ the Pirates of the Caribbean actor went on. However he said her family had so far shown ‘nothing but determination and stoicism’ as they fought to find Aldrige ‘back safely.’ ‘Everyone is containing their emotions. I’m sure the time will come for that later.’ The actor praised police for their help during the incredibly difficult time for the family. Last week, Sussex Police said it was growing ‘increasingly concerned’ about her whereabouts, and said she may have travelled as far north as Bignor Hill. They wrote on social media: ‘We’re growing increasingly concerned for Laurel Aldridge, who has been missing from Walberton, near Arundel, since yesterday.’ ‘She may have travelled as far north as Bignor Hill, and we’re urging anyone who sees her to please call 999 quoting 347 of 14/02.’ Aldridge was last seen wearing a bright blue fleece but with a grey coat over the top, a brown woolly hat, a turtle scarf and black trousers. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Police reveal The Office actor Mackenzie Crook’s missing sister-in-law ‘may have crossed busy road’ MORE : The Office’s Mackenzie Crook pleads for public assistance to help find sister-in-law missing in West Sussex 