Stranger Things star Finn Wolfhard has expressed how ‘proud’ he felt when his co-star Noah Schnapp recently came out as gay. On the worldwide phenomenon that is the Netflix series, which is set to return for a fifth and final season, Finn, 20, stars as Mike Wheeler, while Noah, 18, plays Will Byers. In season 4, Will grapples with feelings he’s developed for his best friend Mike, suffering in silence while struggling to express how he really feels as his pal continues to profess his love for Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown). In early January this year, Noah shared a video on TikTok that was captioned: ‘I guess I’m more similar to Will than I thought,’ with the clip stating: ‘When I finally told my friends and family I was gay after being scared in the closet for 18 years and all they said was “we know.”’ The actor received a rush of support after coming out, with Finn saying in a new interview how happy he felt when he saw the post. ‘When I saw it, I just had a big smile on my face. I was just really proud of him,’ he told GQ. Finn added that he and his Stranger Things co-stars may not see each other as often as fans would expect or hope. Explaining that ‘everyone’s on their own quests in real life’, he compared their relationships to being family, stating: ‘We’re not on everyday-text vibes in any way, and not because…‘Do you text your cousins every day? Probably not. They’re our family. ‘We’ll talk on each other’s birthdays. We’ll talk once in a while. But in the same way that family works, if I ever needed anything, they’re there.’ Late last year, Noah teased how Will’s story will come ‘full circle’ in season five of Stranger Things, after his character’s disappearance in the first outing set off the series of events that resulted in the gang meeting Eleven and fighting the forces of darkness in the Upside Down. ‘I can just tell you that I’m very very excited for what’s to come,’ he told Forbes. ‘I think they did a great job with Will’s character this season, and beautifully addressed everything they needed to. The way they closed the show is just perfect – the story started with Will, and it’ll end with Will.’ Stranger Things seasons one to four are available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Noah Schnapp calls out teachers with shady Stranger Things reference MORE : Stranger Things’ Finn Wolfhard finally responds after Millie Bobby Brown brands him a ‘lousy kisser’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.