The police watchdog has launched an investigation into a welfare check on Nicola Bulley that was carried out days before she vanished. A Lancashire Police officer was called to the mum’s home that she shared with her husband and two daughters on January 10. The Independent Office for Police Conduct probe is ‘in the early stages’, but will look into the contact that the force had with the mortgage advisor on this day. Meanwhile, Lancashire’s police and crime commissioner has asked the College of Policing to carry out a ‘full independent review’ into the handling of the case. A huge search was later launched when Nicola went missing on the morning of January 27. Following a three-week hunt, her body was found on the banks of the River Wyre on Sunday. Mid-way through the search, Lancashire Police revealed a welfare check had been made after ‘some significant issues with alcohol which were brought on by Nicola’s ongoing struggles with the menopause’ resurfaced. Critics blasted them for releasing personal details, warning it may encourage victim blaming. The College of Policing review will have three clear areas of focus: investigation and search, communication and public engagement, and the releasing of personal information. Conservative PCC Andrew Snowden said today the public ‘understandably feel that there remain questions about the handling of elements of the police investigation, how it was communicated and the decision to release personal information’. In a statement responding to the news, Lancashire Police said it is ‘keen to take the opportunity to learn and welcomes the independent review’. In a heartbreaking statement after Nicola’s body was found, her family said their ‘worst fears had been confirmed’. ‘We will never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments and that will never leave us,’ they said. ‘We will never forget Nikki, how could we, she was the centre of our world, she was the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that.’ It comes after media watchdog Ofcom wrote to Sky News and ITV ‘to ask them to explain their actions’ after Nicola’s family said they had intruded on their grief when they asked for privacy. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.