One of the key charges in Alec Baldwin’s involuntary manslaughter case has been dropped. Baldwin was charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter by the Santa Fe District Attorney’s office, over the death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins, 42, in October 2021. Earlier this year, the actor sought to have one of the charges thrown out by a US court. Lawyers for the Hollywood actor, 64, argued that New Mexico prosecutors had committed an ‘unconstitutional and elementary legal error’ by charging him under a statute that did not exist at the time of the fatal Rust shooting. The first charge can be referred to as involuntary manslaughter and requires proof of underlying negligence. The second charge is involuntary manslaughter in the commission of a lawful act, which requires proof that there was more than simple negligence involved in a death, and includes a firearm enhancement, which makes the crime punishable by a mandatory five years in jail. But in a filing this month, Baldwin’s lawyers said such enhancement had only been enacted last May, seven months after the incident, and that the charge was ‘unlawful’. ‘The prosecutors in this case have committed an unconstitutional and elementary legal error by charging Mr Baldwin under a statute that did not exist on the date of the accident,’ the motion read. ‘It thus appears that the government intended to charge the current version of the firearm enhancement statute, which was not enacted until May 18, 2022, seven months after the accident.’ The filing added: ‘Mr Baldwin also respectfully requests that the Court decline to bind over that enhancement.’ Now, it has been confirmed that the DA has indeed dropped the gun enhancement charge in the case. According to TMZ, this matters as it means Baldwin may not even spend time in jail if convicted. The outlet reports that, if Baldwin is convicted of involuntary manslaughter, he would face up to 18 months behind bars, but the judge could give him less, or even probation. The DA also dropped the gun enhancement charge against armorer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed. Baldwin is due to make his first appearance in US court on February 24, to face the criminal charges. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alec Baldwin to resume filming Rust despite involuntary manslaughter charges MORE : Alec Baldwin faces new lawsuit from Halyna Hutchins’ family after involuntary manslaughter charges  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 