Catherine Zeta-Jones was brought right back down to earth this week as she swapped her glitzy Hollywood lifestyle for a ride on the Tube in London. The Wednesday actress, who was born and raised in Wales, has made the most of her time in the capital after attending the Baftas on Sunday. With her life now based in California with husband Michael Douglas and their two children, it’s probably a rarity that Catherine, 53, gets to enjoy the sights of her hometown these days. But, she had no problem readjusting to London life on Tuesday as she casually hopped on the Underground to get to her destination, resisting the urge to book a private car or even an Uber. In an Instagram video, the actress filmed herself bundled up in layers of grey with a thick scarf, mariner cap and dark sunglasses, shielding herself both from the chilly temperatures and the public who might recognise her. However, Catherine needn’t have bothered with going incognito as the Tube carriage was, surprisingly, completely empty suggesting she skipped the rush hour crush. We should be so lucky! She told her followers: ‘When you’re the only one on the Tube and you’re happy. London, just me on public transport.’ Reacting to the clip, one follower quipped: ‘And it’s empty too makes a change usually they are full to the brim enjoy the quiet time and ride.’ Another joked: ‘Did you book out the whole carriage?!’ ‘Love that, not everyday you get one to yourself on the tube,’ another follower weighed in. One said: ‘OMG! Imagine being on the tube and sitting opposite you is Catherine Zeta Jones! I’d probably forget to breathe and be totally speechless with how shook I would be.’ Catherine isn’t the only A-lister who loves hopping on the Tube occasionally, as stars such as Jay Z, Rihanna, Chris Martin, Sir Cliff Richard and Geri Horner are among those who have ditched their expensive private rides for the hot, sweaty, stuffy climes of the Underground. It was a stark contrast to Catherine’s glamorous night at the Baftas just days before. The Mask of Zorro actress appeared at the awards show to present best picture which was won by war film All Quiet On The Western Front. Sharing a photo of her stunning red carpet look, Catherine wrote in the caption: ‘Honoured to be back in my home country amongst such talent to present Best Picture to ‘All Quiet On The Western Front’ Bravo! Thank you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Succession’s Jeremy Strong defends method acting after co-star Brian Cox brands it ‘f**king annoying’ MORE : The Last of Us fans applaud TV show for breaking down menstruation taboo in episode 6 with Ellie 