Top Gear’s future on-screen will reportedly be decided imminently after Freddie Flintoff’s terrifying car crash. In December 2022, the father-of-four, 45, was airlifted to hospital for medical treatment after the accident, with his son, Corey, 16, later saying he was ‘lucky to be alive.’ ‘Freddie was injured in an accident at the Top Gear test track this morning – with crew medics attending the scene immediately,’ a spokesperson said at the time. ‘He has been taken to hospital for further treatment and we will confirm more details in due course.’ It was recently reported that filming on the hit show was paused ‘indefinitely’ and according to reports, BBC bosses will soon address when the series will resume filming. ‘The report is imminent. Only when it is finished and examined will a decision be made on whether Top Gear filming can restart,’ a source shared. The insider added to The Sun that the Top Gear’s future will ultimately be decided on the health and safety report. Previously addressing the programme’s future, a spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘No date has yet been set for the broadcast of series 34 of ‘Top Gear’. Filming has been paused as we await the conclusion of the investigation into Freddie’s accident. ‘When the investigation has concluded, a decision will then be taken on when to restart production.’ Following the accident, friends of Freddie recently claimed that the TV personality is rethinking whether he will return to the BBC motoring series, which was previously hosted by Jeremy Clarkson. The Times reports that his pals have said the crash left him ‘psychologically traumatised,’ leaving him uncertain about resuming the gig. The BBC and government body, the Health and Safety Executive, both launched probes into the incident last year. A statement issued read: ‘Our primary concern is and has been for the welfare of Freddie – as well as the Top Gear team. All health and safety procedures were followed on site and the incident is now being fully investigated, in line with standard policy and practice.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to BBC for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 