With the huge response to her Renaissance World Tour news, it’s no wonder Beyonce was positively glowing as she partied this weekend. Like the famous line on her song Break My Soul, the singer is ‘back outside’ again and attended a set of star-studded events on Saturday to celebrate the Grammys weekend ahead of the awards ceremony on Sunday evening. Rap legend Jay Z, 53, hosted his annual Roc Nation brunch in California on Saturday ahead of the Grammys tonight, and it was just as star-studded as ever with the Big Pimpin hitmaker inviting an exclusive list of famous faces to celebrate the weekend with him. Kelly Rowland, Swizz Beatz, Lil Kim, Offset, DJ Khaled and model Winnie were among the stars who got a ticket to the hottest party in town, but no arrival was more grand than Queen Bey’s herself. In clips shared on social media, the Break My Soul singer is seen walking through the stunning venue donning a very futuristic white minidress with metallic panelling and oversized shoulders, finished off with a pair of tiny sunglasses and towering silver block sandals. The footage shows Beyonce, 41, being led through the crowd and greeting various guests before making her way to husband Jay Z’s private area. Former America’s Next Top Model star Winnie, 28, also documented her day at the brunch on social media, and shared the sweet moment she belted her heart out to the remix of Beyonce’s hit song Cuff It with the woman herself watching on in the background, just hours after the track was released. As the Canadian model sang the lyrics to the more mellow version of the viral track, the camera then panned over to Beyonce who looked over at just the right moment and smiled at Winnie’s dedication to performing the track. Elsewhere in the party, the former Destiny’s Child star mingled with rapper Lil Kim and the two were filmed sharing a heart-to-heart while holding hands. Beyonce also met up with Nigerian singer Tems, who features on the Renaissance album track Move with Grace Jones. It might be an even busier weekend for Beyonce as she’s rumoured to be the mystery female performer taking to the stage at the Grammys, while it’s also believed Jay Z will be performing his track God Did alongside DJ Khaled. Fans will be seeing plenty more of Beyonce this year, as the singer confirmed she’ll be embarking on her Renaissance tour this spring and summer, kicking off in Europe before making its way over to North America, promoting the hit album she released last summer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jay-Z ‘to perform at Grammys’ after fans become convinced Beyonce will make appearance MORE : Beyonce’s father admits live shows ‘drain’ her as she gives all her ‘energy’ to her fans  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 