A first look at Lily Allen as she makes her TV debut in Sharon Horgan’s upcoming comedy Dreamland has proven to be just as hilarious as we expected. The LDN singer, 37, who scored three number one singles between 2006 and 2013, debuted on the stage in 2:22 A Ghost Story in 2021. But now she’s making her way on our screens, with her first ever big TV appearance in Catastrophe star Sharon’s new Sky series. The programme will follow Lily, playing Mel, as she goes to visit her sister in the famous Kent seaside town of Margate, ahead of a family baby shower. Among the chaos of surprising her family, Mel and her sisters attempt to manifest a baby girl for their eldest pregnant sister – but not long later, Mel discovers that she’s actually pregnant herself. The trailer sees Mel shell-shocked as she escapes a rowdy bus surrounded by tourists before going back home to her mum, nan and family. The description for the six-part series reads: ‘Set in the sun-drenched British seaside town of Margate, it is a dark comedic exploration of multi-generational female relationships, and their (somewhat dysfunctional) family dynamics. ‘Eldest sister Trish is pregnant for the third time with her partner Spence. And this time, she’s decided: it’s going to be a girl. ‘Her two sisters, Clare and Leila, rally around her with their mum and their Margate legend nan, “manifesting” a little girl at Trish’s “mani-festival”. ‘But, when their other sister, Mel, makes an unexpected reappearance back into their lives, her return threatens to destabilise the entire family. A knock on their door and their “Dreamland” is no more.’ Lily is joined by Doctor Who’s Freema Agyeman playing her elder sister Trish, while Gabby Best and Aimee-Ffion Edwards also star in the six-part series. Dreamland is an adaptation of the 2016 short film of the same name, which starred comic actress Morgana Robinson and was also created by Sharon. Dreamland will air on Sky Comedy and streaming service NOW later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pamela Anderson offered Lily James olive branch after Hulu series but slams creators: ‘It looked like Halloween costume’ MORE : Molly-Mae Hague shares emotional moment she arrives home with baby Bambi for first time: ‘I cry with happiness every time’ 