Johnny Depp was reportedly the only person invited to join Jeff Beck’s wife at his private burial service. The acclaimed musician died in January at the age of 78 after contracting meningitis, devastating his family and friends. It was widely reported at the time that Depp, who was ‘totally devastated’ by his friend’s death, was among several ‘rock stars’ to have visited Beck’s bedside while he was ill. He and Depp had become extremely close over the past several years, with Beck recalling during a gig together that the actor had ‘come knocking on my dressing room door about five years ago and we haven’t stopped laughing since.’ The pair were so close that Depp is believed to be the only mourner invited to join the musician’s wife, Sandra, at his private burial service. According to The Daily Mail, Depp, Sandra and the couple’s dog Paddy were the only ones present for the intimate service on February 4 on the grounds of his home in Wadhurst, East Sussex. A source told the outlet: ‘There was genuine love between the two men, and Johnny had huge admiration for him and his talent.’ The previous day saw a star-studded funeral in London, attended by the likes of Ronnie Wood and Sir Rod Stewart, who penned a touching note for the ‘guitar genius.’ The Pretenders’ founder Chrissie Hynde, joined them, as did Welsh music icon Sir Tom Jones, blues-rock guitarist Eric Clapton and Pink Floyd’s David Gilmour and Boomtown Rats lead singer Sir Bob Geldof. Beck was touring with Pirates of the Caribbean actor Depp just weeks before he died, promoting their debut album 18. The late musician’s website described Depp and Beck as  ‘musical soulmates’, and explained the pair have been ‘working behind-the-scenes for the past several years on new music’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir Rod Stewart pens touching note for ‘guitar genius’ Jeff Beck’s funeral, also attended by Johnny Depp and Ronnie Wood MORE : Jeff Beck and Johnny Depp’s close friendship explained as musician dies aged 78  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 