Daisy Midgeley’s (Charlotte Jordan) whereabouts is the subject of much speculation on her wedding day in Coronation Street as she fails to show up. The bride-to-be was nowhere to be seen as the cast of the ITV soap filmed the upcoming scenes on location. Rob Mallard, who plays groom Daniel Osbourne, was pictured, as was Sally Ann Matthews, who portrays Daisy’s stepmum Jenny Connor. Other actors spotted on-location during shooting, which has taken place over a number of days, include Tina O’Brien, who plays Sarah Platt respectively, as well as Daniel Brocklebank (Billy Mayhew), and Elle Mulvaney (Amy Barlow). Tracy Barlow icon Kate Ford was pictured exiting from a car ahead of a day’s filming, while Gemma Winter actress Dolly-Rose Campbell was also there – as was Antony Cotton (Sean Tully). Simon Barlow actor Alex Bain was also spotted. The bride-to-be, however, was not. The question is why? Discussing the upcoming scenes, a source said: ‘Daniel was pictured outside the country house hotel wedding venue all alone and looking worried in what could be Coronation Street’s most shocking storyline as events on the Street play a part in the couples big day.’ Consider us very intrigued. It’s been a tough couple of months for barmaid Daisy, who is being stalked by Justin – a man she had briefly met at the hospital. Daisy couldn’t believe that Justin had remembered her name just from the nurse calling it out at the hospital – and that he had learned so much about her through social media. Things escalated last week when Justin tracked Daisy down at a wedding fair, believing them to be getting married! Will the stalker play a role in the ‘shocking events’ of the upcoming wedding? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV1 and ITVX. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : Coronation Street spoiler videos reveal major death shock, deadly siege and huge news MORE : Coronation Street star Antony Cotton reveals Sean genuinely believes Laurence will kill him