Making friends is one of those things that seems to come naturally, easily, even unconsciously when you’re younger (probably as you’re surrounded, in school, by people your own age in school) and can get tougher as you get older. Many people find it hard to attract and keep new friends throughout life. Remember too that not every relationship is built for, or should withstand, a lifetime. People come and go, they serve a purpose, they benefit from our company, they move on, they change. Accept the ebb and flow of people in your life. There’s always someone new on the horizon. Let this guide help you pinpoint which signs you’re naturally going to get on with – and where you might meet them. So, Fire signs get on with other Fire signs. You share the most fundamental of the zodiac’s characteristics – an element. This puts you all on the same wavelength. Fire signs enjoy being active, physical, in competition. Life is an adventure, the world is a big place to go out and explore and have fun in. Boredom thresholds are very low for all Fire signs so it’s perhaps a good thing that you all play together and keep each other entertained, whilst everyone else chills! Fire signs are best found in the gym, on the pitch, in the danger zone, doing outdoor activities and exercise, at theme parks or doing any kind of white-knuckle, exhilarating adventure-esque stuff. They love going ‘out out’ too, especially to loud, busy, must-be-seen-at places. Spot the one strutting about getting plenty of attention – that’ll be a Fire sign. Aries’ also get on great with Libras. Leos also get on great with Aquarians. Sagittarians also get on great with Geminis and Pisces. So, Earth signs get on with other Earth signs. You share the most fundamental of the zodiac’s characteristics – an element. This puts you all on the same wavelength. Earth signs enjoy relaxing, being pampered, wining and dining, shopping and spending money on luxurious, high ticket and extremely desirable stuff. Aesthetics matter. They love putting looks together, be that in fashion or in their home. They enjoy living the good life, the celebrity life, the high life. They work hard. They deserve it. They are practical by nature, they like real-world matters and stuff they can smell, eat, touch or do. Imaginative gameplay or flights of fancy don’t really interest them. Earth signs can be found shopping, eating, drinking, admiring expensive displays, DIY browsing, learning new skills, chilling at the spa or in a beautiful, quiet spot. Spot the one who is watching everyone with interest, being quiet, but still drawing glances like a magnet – that’ll be an Earth sign. Taureans also get on great with Libras and Scorpios. Virgos also get on great with Geminis and Pisceans. Capricorns also get on great with Cancerians. So, Air signs get on with other Air signs. You share the most fundamental of the zodiac’s characteristics – an element. This puts you all on the same wavelength. Air signs enjoy being stimulated, met with new information and ideas, gossiping, innovating, learning, exploring new places, and finding unknown or unseen spots to explore. Air signs are all about mental stimulation. They like people who are equally curious, communicative, eager to learn, questioning, objective and analytical. They like to pore over ideas and new information. They talk a lot. Air signs are best found in the museum, library, quirky new venue, lecture hall, science park, University, theatre, airport departure lounge, tour bus, or on the road. Spot the one asking questions, talking fast and flapping their hands around a lot – that’ll be an Air sign. Geminis also get on great with Virgos and Sagittarians. Librans also get on great with Aries’ and Taureans. Aquarians also get on great with Leos. So, Water signs get on with other Water signs. You share the most fundamental of the zodiac’s characteristics – an element. This puts you all on the same wavelength. Water signs enjoy connecting with others on a deeper level, emotionally and spiritually, talking for hours long into the night, finding out about the past and digging into the psychology of other people. Water signs are sensual, intuitive, compassionate, empathetic, and wise. Friendships are most definitely a case of quality over quantity. They want to have a few, super close people around them who know them intimately and they can share every aspect of their life with. It can be intense. Water signs are best found in the pub, in a quiet café talking earnestly with one other person, working on a charity or good cause project, playing with children, teaching others, in a creative class, doing yoga or meditation, browsing the local witch-y store. Spot the one smiling kindly at everyone but still looking a little vulnerable or shy – that’ll be a Water sign. Cancerians also get on great with Capricorns. Pisceans also get on great with Virgos and Sagittarians. Scorpios also get on great with Taureans. Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The astrological traits your star sign should amplify to attract love MORE : The worst matched star signs in love – and how to overcome the cosmic obstacles