A body has been found in the search for missing mum-of-two Nicola Bulley police have confirmed. Nicola went missing three weeks ago and earlier today officers sealed off a road close to the River Wyre. According to Lancashire Police a body was found less than a mile away from where Nicola was last seen 23 days ago. Lancashire Police said : ‘This morning, Sunday, 19 February, you may be aware of police activity around the river near to St Michaels. ‘We want to provide you with an update on that activity. ‘We were called today at 11:36am to reports of a body in the River Wyre, close to Rawcliffe Road. ‘An underwater search team and specialist officers have subsequently attended the scene, entered the water and have sadly recovered a body. ‘No formal identification has yet been carried out, so we are unable to say whether this is Nicola Bulley at this time. ‘Procedures to identify the body are on-going. We are currently treating the death as unexplained. ‘Nicola’s family have been informed of developments and our thoughts are with them at this most difficult of times. We ask that their privacy is respected.’ Nicola was last seen at 9.10am on January 27, taking her usual route with her dog, Willow, alongside the river. Earlier that morning, she had dropped off her two young daughters at school. Her phone – still connected to a work call – was found about 20 minutes later on a bench overlooking the riverbank, with her spaniel running around, but Nicola was nowhere to be found. Police said the main working hypothesis was that she had fallen into the river after dropping her dog’s ball by mistake, and had drowned. Detectives continue to maintain the stance that no third party is involved in the case. Lancashire Police last week came under fire after personal information regarding Nicola’s private life was released to the public. Officers said that the mum-of-two had ‘issues with alcohol’ and also was ‘struggling with menopause’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.