Ever struggle to get comfortable while you’re working from home? Do you shift furniture about, end up on the floor, then sofa, then on the cheap uncomfortable office chair? Fortunately, Tokyo brand Takikou Sewing thinks it has the answer to your uncomfortable WFH woes – a wearable beanbag. Yes, it sounds ridiculous. And yes, you will look like an onion, but if you’re in the comfort of your own home, does that really matter? Essentially, wherever you are, you can sit down and feel comfortable and supported. You could even rest your laptop on it and get some work done. We’ve already given you tips for staying warm when working from home, and now we are bringing you comfort, too. The main goal of the beanbag is to help you relax, according to Shogo Takikawa, a representative of the beanbag’s manufacturer – which sounds pretty ideal. The onion-shaped goofy style caused the item to be a hit on Japanese social media. Customer Japanese tea house designer, Ryuji Baba, said: ‘It makes you a little heavy around the middle, but it’s good fun.’ While Shogo Takikawa added: ‘This concept was born out of the idea of a cushion that would allow you to totally let go, any time, anywhere. You can put this on and chill out in your living room, or loads of other places, that’s why we created it.’ The wearable beanbag comes in three sizes – one for children, a medium and a large – and is priced at 15,800 yen (£100). While Covid-19 drove many in Japan to spend more time at home, the company says the pandemic was not the spark behind the concept of a wearable beanbag. Instead, the idea came about almost by accident – after a prototype version became popular among staff at a company event. ‘It wasn’t made specifically for this purpose, but of course during the COVID pandemic there was this kind of nesting (behaviour), people spending a lot more time at home, and so we had the idea to make this time spent at home a little more fun and relaxing,’ Shogo said. Yuu Matsuzaki, a product buyer for the Marui department store, said the wearable beanbag could prove a seasonal hit in Japan, where many homes typically lack central heating. ‘It was lighter than I thought, but it’s warm,’ she said while sitting on top of the beanbag. ‘I think in winter you’d feel pretty toasty after putting this on.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to get a free bucket of KFC this month MORE : Do you have a work spouse? Your actual partner might raise an eyebrow MORE : ‘Meatfluencers’ are taking over social media, with women leading the charge