A legendary Yosemite free climber who became famous for skiing down the park’s Half Dome peak died while ice climbing in Canada, his family confirmed. Park rangers in Canada’s Jasper National Park discovered the body of Zach Milligan, 42, on February 11 at the base of Polar Circus, a 700 meter frozen waterfall on Cirrus Mountain. Other climbers alerted rangers in the Alberta national park when they discovered Milligan’s abandoned car nearby the night before. Polar Circus has a waterfall ice grading of WI5, which is described as ‘long and strenuous, with a ropelength of 85º-90º ice offering few good rests’ by the American Alpine Club. Officers from the Lake Louise Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) detachment were able to locate Milligan’s body with the use of a drone. They then removed the body with the use of a helicopter. Milligan, originally from Tucker, Georgia, was inspired to start climbing at age 18 after seeing a photo of Yosemite’s Half Dome peak, according to a profile written by his friend Chris Van Leuven in climbing magazine Gripped. After spending time climbing in Georgia and Colorado, Milligan moved to the Yosemite Valley. He spent thirteen years working as a contractor, a hotel employee, and various odd jobs while living in various caves throughout the park. He then spent another seven years living in a house near the park’s border. Over the years in Yosemite, Milligan climbed the Half Dome about 20 times. He also climbed 1,640-foot tall Sentinel Rock over 275 times, and tackled another WI5 waterfall called the Widow’s Tears. Milligan made international headlines in February 2021, when he became one of the first climbers to descend down the Half Dome on skis. His death was confirmed by his sister, Martha Milligan Hart, who called him ‘a world-class climber, incredible alpine skier, gifted musician, wicked smart; he could tell a wildly entertaining story and make almost anything funny.’ His friend Van Leuven also eulogized the climber in an obituary published in Outside Magazine. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.