Lily James handled a near wardrobe malfunction like a pro on the red carpet at the What’s Love Got to Do with It? premiere. The actress, 33, looked truly sensational as she rocked up to the bash in a lime green frock which pooled at her feet. Lily – who stars in the flick alongside Dame Emma Thompson – was covered in an intricate lace pattern, with a white bra peaking out underneath her slightly-sheer gown. Everything was going swimmingly and Lily was posing up a storm, but such a busty ensemble only heightened the risk of disaster. On several occasions, the star was captured pulling up her dress as to not expose more than she would really have liked to. Her ample assets were just about contained by the fabric, which clung to her toned figure. But, Lily handled the situation like a pro, and looked gorgeous while doing it. The Pam & Tommy star teamed her vibrant gown with a pair of killer silver heels, which enhanced her height as she neared leading man Shazad Latif’s six foot frame. As for her make-up, Lily opted for a glowing face of Charlotte Tilbury, and wore her brunette locks in a wet wavy style. Lily’s outing came just days after rumours surfaced that she was a single woman again. Not allowing the reports to get her down, the movie star was all smiles on the premiere carpet, but it’s believed she’s split from her bass-playing boyfriend of two years Michael Shuman. Elsewhere at the starry event, Dame Emma, 63, also opted for a colourful look, donning a bright pink suit. The Love Actually star looked radiant in her chic outfit, which she paired with a casual white tee underneath. Smiling for photographers, the star also kept it comfy in a pair of matching white trainers, then adding in some glamour with a dark eye and dazzling earrings. Joining the ladies at the premiere were Laura Bailey, Georgia Toffolo, and Minnie Driver, who were all able to catch an exclusive showing of the flick. What’s Love Got to Do with It? also stars Shabana Azmi, Sajal Aly, Oliver Chris, Asim Chaudhry, Jeff Mirza, Alice Orr-Ewing, and Rahat Fateh Ali Khan. Directed by Shekhar Kapur and adapted from a screenplay by Jemima Khan, the romantic comedy-drama follows a filmmaker who decides to document her best friend’s journey towards arranged marriage to a bride from Pakistan. The flick is set between London and Lahore, with Lily taking on the role of Zoe, while Shazad portrays Kazim ‘Kaz’ Khan and Dame Emma is Cath. What’s Love Got to Do with It? hits cinemas on February 24. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Shaughna Phillips enjoys day out as Love Island star’s seen for first time since boyfriend’s drugs arrest MORE : The 1975 to perform biggest headline concert for 45,000 fans in Finsbury Park 