A ‘psychic medium’ has described why he decided to help the police in their search for Nicola Bulley – and ultimately discovered her body. Jason Rothwell, 33, could be seen in pictures from the scene in St Michael’s-on-Wyre yesterday, when police announced the discovery in the nearby river. At a press conference earlier this evening, Lancashire Police announced the body was missing mum Nicola Bulley, who had last been seen on January 27. In a statement ahead of the conference, Mr Rothwell, from Oldham in Greater Manchester, said he had to ‘address this issue’ due to a ‘wide number of private enquires and threads now circulating on YouTube and TikTok’. The MailOnline reported he wrote: ‘As has obviously become apparent, yes it is myself in the images in the media currently circulating relating to the case of Nicola Bulley and yes yesterday morning it was myself and a friend who reported and assisted the police in the recovery of a body from the river Wyre. ‘Such as it is it would be inappropriate of me to discuss in any further detail anything we may know about that body at this time, considering a formal identification of that body has yet to be confirmed. ‘I would also like to just say a huge thank you to Lancashire police for their help, support and the open mindedness with which they dealt with us, following our call, spiritualists or mediums are obviously not something the police come across every day and I appreciate the respect given to us both. ‘It is also important to mention, I was not asked by the police or Nicola’s family to become involved in this case, but having seen the wild speculation and hurtful commentary that has been ongoing, and having previously assisted in the recovery of Michael Brooks, I decided to use what ever “gift” it is we mediums possess to try and locate Nicola Bulley. ‘I would however stress again, I can not confirm that body we traced yesterday is that of the lady in question. ‘My thoughts and prayers are with her family, friends and loved ones at this time and I do hope, that if it is indeed Nicola, they can find some peace with this. If it is not, I would send my prayers to the family of whomsoever it may be.’ He added: ‘As a final note, I will not be giving any further information or commentary at this time regarding the work involved in finding this person nor is it my place to engage in any discussion on how that body came to originally be in the water.’ Nicola’s death is still being treated as unexplained by police while post-mortem examinations continue. Her family said their ‘worst fears’ had been confirmed, adding that they will ‘never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.