Jeremy Clarkson has hit out at pal James May for advocating for lower speed limits in certain areas. The two petrolheads first met as hosts on the motoring series Top Gear, which was launched on the BBC in 2002 and featured a segment seeing celebrities race around a track in a reasonably priced car. The Clarkson’s Farm star, 62, has never been a fan of speed limits having once said he’d like to ‘stick some cocktail sticks into the eyes’ of the person who came up them. But The Grand Tour host James, 60, seemingly doesn’t share his long-time colleague’s opinion, recently defending 20mph speed zones, much to Jeremy’s annoyance. James said ’20mph is plenty fast enough and 30mph does feel too fast. And, to be honest, if you could go around somewhere like London or Manchester or Birmingham at a constant 20mph you’d be absolutely delighted,’ on Radio 4’s Today programme in January. Jeremy has taken umbrage at the comments, branding them ‘leftie’ and adding James ‘virtually lives in the socialist cesspit that is Twitter.’ He continued in his column for The Sun: ‘James, then, like all of the world’s Twitter enthusiasts, is not getting a balanced view on which to shape his opinions. ‘He’s just listening to lefties competing with one another to see who can think of the most left-wing thing.’ Jeremy claimed that it was ‘nigh-on impossible’ to drive at 20mph and added that driver will break speed limits whatever they are. It comes after James branded the presenter’s vile remarks about Meghan Markle, in which he said he despised her on a ‘cellular level’, as ‘creepy.’ On Radio 4, James added: ‘Well I think he [Clarkson] did say something like: “All people my age think the same way”. ‘Well I’d like to go on record and say I don’t, and I’m only a few years younger than him,’ May stated. The disgusting column became the Independent Press Standards Organisation’s (Ipso) most complained-about article. The piece, for which both he and The Sun later apologised, attracted criticism from high-profile figures and politicians, as well as from his daughter Emily. In an email to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, the journalist said ‘his language had been ‘disgraceful’ and he was ‘profoundly sorry.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson put in his place by Oxford council over ‘shameful’ plans in trailer for Clarkson’s Farm series 2 MORE : Jeremy Clarkson admits people couldn’t get Covid vaccines because of traffic caused by his farm 