The writer of an upcoming BBC drama about the 2017 Grenfell Tower fire will hold off on completing scripts and filming the series until the public inquiry’s final report. Earlier this week it was announced that the national broadcaster had commissioned the series, which it said would ‘give a comprehensive account of the events leading up to, during, and after’ the fire, which killed 72 people. Now Peter Kosminsky, who is writing and directing the three-part series, has said he won’t be rushing to deliver final scripts just yet. Instead, he will wait for the inquiry into the blaze to conclude as he continues his five year research process, as reported by Deadline. Chaired by retired judge Sir Martin Moore-Bick, the inquiry examined the circumstances leading up to and surrounding the fire and is currently preparing its phase 2 report. Bafta-winner Kosminsky, best known for his TV adaptation of Wolf Hall and the Hollywood drama White Oleander, and his team plan to consider those findings, and the response to the findings of those caught up in the blaze, so they can be reflected in the finished programme. When announcing the series, BBC said it would draw upon ‘five years of research’ after ‘taking in public sources, the inquiry hearings, and extensive interviews’ conducted by writer-director Kosminsky and associate producer Ahmed Peerbux. It added: ‘Told from multiple perspectives, the three-part series will shine a light on the human stories of those caught up in the tragedy, exploring the profound impact of Grenfell on survivors, the families and loved ones of those whose lives were lost, the firefighters on duty that night, and the wider community.’ In a statement Kosminsky added that despite the ‘many newspaper pages and TV hours devoted to the story, we may be left with a less than clear sense of exactly what happened, what went wrong.’ He said his drama would ‘attempt to pick our way through hours of public testimony, as well as original interviews conducted by our team’ to reach the ‘heart’ of the catastrophe and how it happened, and how we could avoid it happening again. BBC’s director of drama Lindsay Salt promised the subject would be covered ‘sensitively and respectfully’. It is not expected to start filming until 2024 at the earliest. Metro.co.uk contacted BBC, but they declined to comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dragon’s Den star Steven Bartlett ‘blown away’ by inspiring visit to Grenfell community MORE : I’m a Grenfell survivor – 5 years on I still have panic attacks when I hear sirens 