Paramedics, civil servants, driving examiners, teachers, university staff, and airport workers are all taking industrial action in yet another day of strike disruption. February has already seen upwards of 500,000 people across public and private sectors taking to the picket line. In the last month, nurses, doctors, ambulance drivers, rail workers, taxi drivers, civil servants, barristers and bus drivers have all taken industrial action. Ambulance staff a part of the Unite union in Wales will be taking to the picket line today. This includes paramedics, call handlers and support workers. The strike action affects non-life threatening calls only, and the public are still encouraged to dial 999 in an emergency. Staff at the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) are striking across Universal Credit centres. The Public and Commercial Services (PCS) Union, which represents many government workers, says the action is a ‘response to the lack of movement from the Government on their demands on pay, pensions and job security’. Job security and redundancy terms are two of the biggest reasons for the strike, with the union pointing to Government plans to close more than 40 DWP offices. Workers in Liverpool – at Toxteth Jobcentre, Liverpool Duke Street Jobcentre, Liverpool City Jobcentre and Liverpool Innovation Park Jobcentre – are walking out. Stockport Contact Centre and Bolton Benefit Centre staff will do so too. Unite workers at Highlands and Islands airports will be taking strike action. Workers at Barra, Benbecula, Campbeltown, Inverness, Kirkwall, Stornoway, Sumburgh and Tiree airports will be involved. Sharon Graham, Unite general secretary, said: ‘Inflation is at a generational high yet the HIAL group believe a substantial real terms pay cut is what our hard working members deserve. This is completely unacceptable.’ DVLA members working in the output services Group at Ty Felin and Morriston, in Swansea, are taking part in today’s strikes. It is part of national industrial action by the PCS Union over pay, pensions, jobs and redundancy terms. The majority of teachers in Northern Ireland are holding a half-day strike today. Many schools across the country are not expected to open until after midday. More than 70,000 members of the University and College Union, who work at 150 universities across the UK, are also walking out today to demand better working conditions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.