Arsenal hope to have Thomas Partey available for Saturday’s clash with Leicester City but will not rush the midfielder back. Partey suffered a thigh injury in the lead-up to last Wednesday’s Premier League showdown against Manchester City, missing the 3-1 defeat at the Emirates as a result. The Ghana international was also absent on Saturday as the Gunners came from behind to beat Aston Villa at Villa Park, reclaiming their place at the top of the league in the process. Partey did not train with Mikel Arteta’s side on Monday and the club will continue to assess him in the coming days. According to the Evening Standard, Arsenal are cautious over putting a timescale on whether he will be ready to return against Leicester this weekend. The club are also under less pressure to bring him back into the fold with January signing Jorginho deputising against City and Villa, impressing in Saturday’s comeback victory over Unai Emery’s side. Should Partey miss the trip to the King Power Stadium, it is hoped he will make his return against Everton, Arsenal’s game in hand on rivals City which takes place at the Emirates next Wednesday. Arteta did not discuss a potential return date for midfielder at a press conference last Friday. He told reporters: ‘We have to assess him today again. ‘He had some discomfort, he had a little muscle discomfort. We have to assess him and see how he is.’ Jorginho, who arrived from Chelsea on transfer deadline day, is expected to continue in midfield should Partey be unavailable this weekend. The Italy international rattled the cross bar with a superb effort in injury time against Villa, with his effort deflecting off Emiliano Martinez before finding its way into the back of the net. ‘I certainly didn’t see that quality of his – scoring from deep! It’s great to do that,’ Arteta said post-match. ‘The biggest quality he has is he makes the rest of the people look better, better than what you actually are. ‘He’s made a huge impact already on the boys, on the staff and hopefully our supporters can see that as well and give him the support he needs. I thought he was tremendous today.’ MORE : Callum Hudson-Odoi reveals lack of contact with Chelsea as Arsenal consider summer move MORE : Arsenal legend Nigel Winterburn concedes Man Utd are a threat in title race For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 