All Quiet on the Western Front dominated at Sunday night’s Bafta awards, not only winning the most gongs of the night, but also scooping the best film trophy. The Banshees of Inisherin also did well at the annual film awards, winning four awards overall, with Austin Butler and Cate Blanchett leading the acting prizes. All Quiet On The Western Front broke Cinema Paradiso’s previous record for the highest number of Baftas for a foreign language film. The German language anti-war epic, directed by German filmmaker Edward Berger and based on the 1929 novel of the same name by Erich Maria Remarque, scooped seven prizes at the EE Bafta film awards including best film and best director to pass the record of five set by the Italian coming-of-age drama in 1988. The film’s cinematographer James Friend said the message that young people can be ‘poisoned by right-wing nationalistic propaganda’ and ‘war is more than an adventure’ was as relevant now as more than 100 years ago when the book of the same name was published. He thanked Felix Kammerer, an Austrian actor who made his film debut in the war film, Netflix for making it possible and Bafta for honouring them with this prize. Austin Butler won the award for best leading actor for his role as Elvis Presley in Elvis, and thanked the Presley family during his acceptance speech. ‘This is truly extraordinary,’ a slightly shaken Austin said as he took to the stage. ‘Thank you all so much. Thank you Bafta for this tremendous honour. To my fellow nominees, I’m in awe of you. Brendan [Fraser] you’re right there, I love you.’ Austin added: ‘Lastly, I wanna thank the Presley family. I cannot thank you guys for your love and for sharing with me who Elvis truly was. I hope I made you proud.’ Shortly afterwards, Cate took to the stage to accept the leading actress award for her role in Tár, in which she played composer Lydia Tár. Cate said in part: ‘I didn’t prepare anything because it’s been such an extraordinary year.’ She added: ‘Thank you to Bafta […] thank you to the cast and crew. Thank you to my family [this film] took me away from you a lot. Thank you to my mum for holding the fort.’ Tearfully, she accepted the award as she thanked her mother and her director Todd Field, adding that 2022 had been an ‘extraordinary year for women’. The Australian actress said the past 12 months had broken down the idea that women’s experiences are not ‘monolithic’, adding that her role as Lydia Tar ‘was a dangerous and career-ending potential undertaking’. The Banshees of Inisherin and All Quiet on the Western Front dominated throughout the night elsewhere. Not only did Banshees star Kerry Condon scoop the best supporting actress (albeity after an award ‘miscommunication’ error that saw the wrong actress announced as winner first) trophy while her Banshees co-star Barry Keoghan won the best supporting actor award, but the first award of the night, best adapted screenplay, went to All Quiet On The Western Front, with director and screenwriter Edward Berger paying tribute to those fighting in Ukraine. Irish actor Barry said he ‘should have planned this, really’ before thanking his co-stars and Ireland. He also dedicated the award to children from the area he comes from. The award for film not in the English language also went to All Quiet On The Western Front. The award for best cinematography went to All Quiet On The Western Front, with lead cinematographer James Friend thanking his wife, daughter and fellow nominees. Sir Patrick Stewart presented outstanding British film to dark comedy The Banshees Of Inisherin. Director and writer Martin McDonagh said: ‘I know every Irish person in the cast and crew are going “best what?”‘ He also thanked the stand-in donkey, who he said is British and never made it on screen because she was ‘too tubby’, as well as thanking the cast and crew. Jamie Lee Curtis and Anya Taylor-Joy presented the outstanding debut by a British writer, director or producer to Charlotte Wells for Aftersun. Tearfully, she thanked the producers, cast and crew and mentioned the earthquake that hit Syria and Turkey, where the movie was filmed. Charlotte also said her film was a ‘eulogy’ to her father and added ‘he’s not here, but my mum is’. The Bafta for original score went to All Quiet On The Western Front. German composer Volker Bertelmann said the film showed him that ‘humanity, empathy and embracing diversity of human beings and nations’ is ‘the most important in our world’. He also thanked his family and the cast and crew of the Netflix anti-war epic. On the fashion front, Jamie and Cate were among the stars wearing a blue ribbon at the Bafta film awards to show their support for refugees and displaced people around the world. Colin Farrell and Angela Bassett were also brandishing the #WithRefugees ribbon. Speaking to PA about why she wanted to wear the ribbon, supporting actress nominee Jamie said: ‘My friend Cate Blanchett is asking people to remind us all in the midst of all the season of shiny things that of course there are terrible refugee crises going on all over the world everywhere all at once and we need to do our part.’ Meanwhile, Vick Hope was on the red carpet before the ceremony kicked off and the presenter caught up with Regé-Jean Page, who said he’s a supporter of genderless award show categories. ‘I’m fully in favour of doing genderless categories. But we’d never get a look in, women would absolutely dominate. We’d all have to catch up. There’s my controversial take,’ noted the actor. Ali Plumb was also red carpet duties over at the iconic venue, and we’re living for his iconic encounter with Eddie Redmayne. Poking fun at the fact the star wasn’t wearing a shirt beneath his blazer, Ali asked Eddie: ‘Would you be upset if I took off the bowtie and got out my chest hair?’ Eddie replied with a grin on his face: ‘I was going for Baftas meets Strictly,’ prompting Ali to remark: ‘You heard it here first: Eddie is gonna be on next year’s Strictly.’ Quick to make it clear that was most definitely not the case, Eddie remarked: ‘That is literally my worst nightmare. Being forced to try and dance.’ Ali also caught up with some of the cast of The Banshees Of Inisherin and made sure to ask Colin about his adorable fluffy castmate – Jenny the donkey. ‘My first question for you lovely Banshees is for you Colin. What’s is like being kicked by a donkey?’ Ali enquired. ‘Not as much fun as it sounds,’ responded Colin, adding: ‘It was only a baby donkey. It was only a miniature donkey; it could have been a big ass. It could have been a lot worse.’ This year’s Baftas ceremony has moved to the Royal Festival Hall from its previous location of the Royal Albert Hall, which had hosted the show since 2017. The Prince and Princess of Wales will attend for the first time in three years. The Bafta Film Awards are this year hosted by Richard E Grant. MORE : Jamie Lee Curtis, 64, returns to Baftas 40 years after scooping first award, with Everything Everywhere All At Once nominated for 10 gongs MORE : Pink defends Madonna’s comments about ‘ageism and misogyny’ following Grammys backlash 