Britney Spears revealed she visited her ‘favourite tree’ with friends on Sunday. The hitmaker, 41, shared photos of herself standing in front of an enormous tree and said she takes a photo with it every year. The Toxic crooner also told fans she thought the tree had shrunk since she last visited. She explained to her 41.7million Instagram followers: ‘Another mystery … me and friends went to visit my favourite tree last night! ‘I take a pic with it every year!!! Well I stood in the exact same place as last year … why the hell was the tree so damn big last year??? Uhhhhh!!!’ In the snaps, the mum-of-two looked stylish in a camel coat and black trousers and was also rocking a pair of sunglasses. It comes after she and her husband Sam Asghari shared sweet tributes to one another on their first Valentine’s as married couple. The pop icon and the actor, 28, were married in summer 2022 after Britney was released from her 13-year conservatorship. In the year since being freed, Britney has had ups and downs, from duetting on a hit song with Sir Elton John to becoming upset for being filmed while out at a restaurant. Most recently, Britney has hit back at reports an intervention, set up by husband Sam, her manager and a team of doctors, had been due to take place before she became ‘somewhat aware’ of the plans. Britney has since released a video insisting she is ‘well,’ dismissing rumours of an intervention, and Sam told The Hollywood Reporter an intervention ‘did not take place.’ The pair later shared sweet messages to each other on social media as loved-up couples around the world marked Valentine’s Day earlier this month. Sam shared a video of him opening a card from his wife, covered in red love-hearts and bearing the words ‘thank you for loving me as I am’ on the front. Inside, Britney had written: ‘I love you Hesam,’ along with a hand-drawn heart and the words ‘love, Britney.’ Sam also shared a previously unseen photograph from his and Britney’s wedding, a sweet black-and-white snap which saw the pair stealing a kiss while Britney, her hair long and loose and wearing a veil, touched his arm as she leaned in. He captioned the post: ‘Happy Valentine’s Day to my valentine.’ Britney, too, shared a Valentine’s Day message to her husband on her own Instagram account but later deleted it. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : John Malkovich speaks of ‘sadness’ as search for actor Julian Sands in California mountains nears sixth week MORE : Games Inbox: GTA Trilogy still broken, Tales Of Symphonia Remastered, and Metroid Prime dissension  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 