The headteacher of Epsom College, her seven-year-old daughter, and her husband have all been found dead on the grounds of the school. Police were called to Epsom College, in Surrey, at 1am this morning where they made the horrific discovery. The bodies of Emma Pattison, 45, her daughter Lettie, seven, and her husband George, 39, were all found. Police are carrying out an investigation into the circumstances of the deaths but stressed they believe this is an isolated incident. Officers said that there was no third-party involvement and the family’s next of kin are being supported by specialist officers. Detective Chief Inspector Kimball Edey said, ‘On behalf of Surrey Police, my team, and I, I first want to express my sincerest condolences to the friends and family of Emma, Lettie and George, as well as to the students and staff of Epsom College, for their tragic loss. ‘I want to give my assurance that we will conduct a thorough investigation into what took place last night, and hope to be able to bring some peace in these traumatic circumstances. ‘I would ask that their privacy is respected at this very difficult time.’ Inspector Jon Vale, Epsom and Ewell’s Borough Commander, said: ‘We’re aware that this tragic incident will have caused concern and upset in the local community. ‘While this is believed to be an isolated incident, in the coming days, our local officers will remain in the area to offer reassurance to students, parents, teachers, and the local community. ‘I would like to thank the school and the community for their understanding and patience while the investigation continues.’ The three deaths have been reported to the Coroner. The Chair of the Board of Governors at Epsom College expressed ‘disbelief’ and ‘utter shock’ at the tragic news. Dr Alastair Wells, Chair of the Board of Governors at Epsom College, said, ‘On behalf of everyone at Epsom College, I want to convey our utter shock and disbelief at this tragic news. ‘Our immediate thoughts and condolences are with Emma’s family, friends and loved ones, and to the many pupils and colleagues whose lives she enriched throughout her distinguished career. Emma was a wonderful teacher, but most of all she was a delightful person. ‘In time we will commemorate Emma and her family, in the appropriate way, and in line with the wishes of her family. But for now, we ask that we are all given the time, space and respect we need to come to terms with this tragic loss.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.