Harry Styles had a performance to remember at the 2023 Grammy Awards. The former One Direction star, 27, is enjoying a spectacular solo career, with his hit As It Was proving to be the earworm of the year in 2022. As well as record-breaking sales, Harry’s popularity was proven with a major Grammy win on Sunday night as he scooped the coveted album of the year for Harry’s House. (No small feat considering he beat out the likes of Beyonce and Adele.) But it wasn’t all positives for the Sign of the Times singer, as during his hugely anticipated performance he very nearly took a tumble. Watched by hundreds of thousands of people at home, and the likes of Beyonce and ex Taylor Swift in person, Harry took to the stage for a performance of number one hit As It Was. A video of the moment captured the singer, dressed up in a sparkly silver jumpsuit, passionately belting out the words: ‘In this world, it’s just us’, as he  tried to step down from a platform on to the main stage. However as he strode confidently across the platform, there was a brief moment where he lost his balance and almost fell, throwing his arm up to catch himself. Luckily the musician got his balance back and went straight to the microphone to finish the song, the moment already forgotten… well, almost. Eagle-eyed viewers flocked to social media to teaset the Grammy-winner for the close call. ‘That’s so Harry Styles of course he fell,’ one fan wrote. Another praised him for his ’10/10′ save and admitted they probably wouldn’t even have noticed the almost-fall ‘if his face hadn’t told the story.’ Harry had a huge reaction to winning Album of The Year over Adele, Beyonce, Lizzo and Kendrick Lamar, emotionally embracing an elderly superfan who got the chance to present him the award on stage. And he let his reaction be known, as his first word upon taking the microphone was: ‘Sh**.’ In his acceptance speech, Harry paid tribute to the other nominees in the album of the year category, confessing he was a fan of each and every one. He said: ‘Man, I’ve been so, so inspired by every artist in this category with me. A lot of different times in my life, I listened to everyone in this category when I’m alone. ‘I feel like on nights like tonight, there is no such thing as “best in music”. I don’t think any of us sit in the studio making decisions based on what’s gonna get us one of these.’ He added: ‘This is really really kind … this doesn’t happen to people like me very often, and this is so nice, thank you very much.’ Asked whether he had expected a win, with Beyonce’s Renaissance hotly-tipped to walk away with album of the year, he told Variety: ‘You never know with this stuff. I don’t think you can look at any of the nominees and not feel like they’re deserving. ‘When I look at this category, it’s all people who have inspired me.’ He added: ‘I’m a bit overwhelmed at the moment. I definitely wasn’t expecting to get this… It just kind of feels like validation that you’re on the right path.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Full Grammys 2023 winners’ list as Beyoncé, Sam Smith and Kim Petras make history and Harry Styles and Adele score big MORE : Ben Shephard makes dig at one of Harry Styles’ many show-stopping Grammys looks 