This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. Whether you’re sprucing up your home or getting your garden ready for spring, there’s plenty on offer at Aldi this week. Head to your local store for the chance to snap up items that have sold out online. It may be the middle of winter, but last year it was impossible to get your hands on garden furniture past March – so get what you can now. This seat switches from a day bed to a sofa almost instantly, and comes with cosy cushions for lounging in the sun (when it finally arrives). Buy for £279.99 on the Aldi website now. Fire pits were another sought-after item, and this one’s a real standout. The laser cut leaf pattern imparts beautiful shadows across your space, in oxidised steel for a rustic look. Buy for £99.99 on the Aldi website now. Save hundreds on an outdoor pizza oven at Aldi this week. The supermarket’s Gardenline option is gas powered for quick cooking, with a temperature gauge and air vent to ensure you get the perfect temperature every time. Buy for £199.99 on the Aldi website now. This may look like some sort of electric toothbrush, but it’s actually a cleaning tool that helps you get into all the nooks and crannies of your home. The high-powered ultrasonic brush makes light work of burnt-on stains, with four interchangable brush heads to choose from. Buy for £7.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : This is how much you should actually be spending on wedding gifts MORE : Former US Navy sailor is searching for Hull woman he fell for 40 years ago