We did it folks, we got through January. You’ve either had your second payday of 2023 or you’re close to it and it’s slowly starting to stay lighter for longer. Of course, by that, we just mean the sky remains grey for a few more hours before it turns black, but silver linings! Onwards and upwards friends – into a recession, endless strikes and an ongoing war but also where there’s sun. Nicola Bulley still missing The nation’s hearts have broken over Nicola Bulley vanishing last Friday with no sign of her for a week now. The mum-of-two, 45, was last seen at around 9.20am while walking her dog alongside the River Wyre in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. She had just dropped off her daughters, aged six and nine, at the local school in the village. She was on a Microsoft Teams conference call at the time of her disappearance – with her microphone muted and her camera switched off. Her phone was later discovered on a bench, still dialled into the call, and her pet Willow was found in ‘an agitated state’ along the river. Police have said they are keeping an ‘open mind’ about what happened but do not believe Ms Bulley was attacked. The river has become the main focus of the investigation, with a police helicopter, drones, sniffer dogs and specialist divers and equipment combing the riverbanks. The disappearance has affected people all over the country and has completely devastated Ms Bulley’s family. Her partner of 12 years, Paul Ansell, said yesterday: ’It seems absolutely impossible. It’s like a dream, I can’t get my head around it. ‘I don’t really have anything to say other than what the family said yesterday, my whole focus is my two girls and staying as strong as I can for them. ‘I’m scared that if I put focus into anything else it’s going to take my focus off that.’ Just the day before, a Sky News presenter Sarah-Jane Mee had to fight back tears after showing an interview with Ms Bulley’s family. Her sister Louise Cunningham told the broadcaster: ‘If I’m being honest, it feels like I’m just stuck in a nightmare.’ Ms Bulley’s dad Ernie, 73, said her disappearance ‘has just emptied our lives’. Ms Cunningham added: ‘Something has got to have been missed. Somebody must know something. People don’t just vanish into thin air.’ TL;DR: Anyone with information should get in touch with Lancashire Police. Biggest day of strikes in a decade Half a million strikers brought much of Britain to a standstill on the biggest day of action for at least a decade this week. Walkout Wednesday saw 300,000 teachers, 100,000 civil servants, 70,000 university staff, 12,000 train drivers and 2,000 bus workers down tools. Thousands protested over pay and conditions in cities including Leeds, Hull, Nottingham, Newcastle, Portsmouth and London. And thousands of firms were hit by staff forced to stay at home to look after children, or who just could not make it to their office or factory. The Centre for Economics and Business Research said this week’s strikes alone cost £94million. National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) general secretary Mick Lynch told protesters at Westminster: ‘Our message… is every worker needs a pay rise, every worker needs a square deal. And our message is this – we demand, and we are united.’ Cabinet office worker Ellie Clarke, 31, said at the rally: ‘I am just one paycheque away from being homeless. We are just living in poverty.’ Staff in more than 120 government departments walked out. Conservative MP and former minister Jake Berry tweeted: ‘I haven’t seen this many civil servants in Westminster since the start of the pandemic. Just a shame they’ve only come in to stand on a picket line.’ Prime minister Rishi Sunak’s spokesman said he was working hard to get the economy back on track and said the impact of inflation and ‘wider affordability’ for taxpayers had to be considered. ‘We want to have further talks with the unions,’ he said. ‘Some of those discussions have been constructive. We have to balance that against the need to be fair to all taxpayers, the majority of whom don’t work for the public sector.’ TL;DR: How about we just let you know when the country’s infastructure is running again? Shell profits The energy giant’s profits increased by 53% to £68.1 billion in 2022 due to soaring oil prices – and we’re all really happy for them. Once you take into account adjusted earnings, including taxes, profits amount to around 39.9 billion dollars (£32.2 billion) for Shell – just thrilled. Calls have been made for a ‘proper windfall tax’, after similar profits were reported last year. Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey said: ‘No company should be making these kind of outrageous profits out of Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine. ‘Rishi Sunak was warned as chancellor and now as Prime Minister that we need a proper windfall tax on companies like Shell and he has failed to take action. ‘Families across the country are struggling to heat their homes and feed their families and this Government turns round and says “there is nothing we can do”.’ Campaign group Global Witness say Shell’s profits would be enough to pay the average annual energy bills for 13.2 million UK households. The group’s Jonathan Noronha-Gant said: ‘People have every right to be outraged at the enormous profits that Shell has made in the midst of an energy affordability crisis that has pushed millions of families into poverty. ‘For those facing exorbitant energy bills, and for all of our nurses, firefighters and teachers on the picket line this week, Shell’s profits are an insult. Shell is richer because we’re poorer.’ Meanwhile, Shell’s chief executive Wael Sawan said: ‘Our results in Q4 and across the full year demonstrate the strength of Shell’s differentiated portfolio, as well as our capacity to deliver vital energy to our customers in a volatile world.’ TL;DR: ‘Differentiated portfolio‘ is certainly a creative way of saying ‘the war in Ukraine’. Rishi Sunak said things The PM marked his 100th day in office with an interview with TalkTV’s Piers Morgan – the way all of us wish we could celebrate our milestones. Mr Sunak waded into the ongoing conversation about trans rights in the UK, declaring ‘biological sex matters’. Asked for his definition of a woman, he said ‘Of course, I know what a woman is, an adult human female.’ Mr Morgan went on to quiz the PM about ‘trans woman athletes demolishing women, female athletes’ and his feelings about that. Mr Sunak said: ‘Well, I think that doesn’t strike most people as being fair, right? So that’s why when it comes to these questions, biological sex matters. ‘Now that, you know, we can and will have compassion and tolerance and understanding for everybody who is thinking about transitioning and changing their identity or gender. ‘But you know, for me, when it comes to whether it’s sex, whether it’s women’s spaces, whether it’s prisons, biological sex really matters.’ The PM also took a tough stance on illegal immigration and confirmed he supports the Government’s controversial plan to deport people to Rwanda. Mr Sunak said those who come here illegally ‘will not be able to stay here’ and promised to speed up the asylum claims system. When asked if the Government’s controversial plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda would ever happen, he unequivocally answered: ‘Yes’. The millionaire also showed us exactly how relatable he is, admitting to a Coca-Cola addiction and a love for Star Wars. He said he keeps lightsabers and Lego Star Wars in Downing Street, joking he has permission to play with them because he has children. TL;DR: The richest PM this country has ever had drinks coke and like Star Wars – he’s just like us! Steak pie And finally the answer to the question we all have on this Saturday morning: Why can’t you take a steak pie onto a plane? Answer: Because it has gravy. Context: Author Coinneach MacLeod recently faced a pastry-based predicament as he boarded a flight at Stornoway Airport. He had popped to Charles Macleod Butchers to pick up some black pudding before his flight. Coinneach detailed the exchange on Twitter, writing: ‘This could only happen at Stornoway Airport… ‘Staff: Is that a @charliebarleys bag you have? ‘Me: Yes ‘Staff: is it just black puddings or do you have a steak pie in there? ‘Me: Just black puddings ‘Staff: Oh that’s fine – it’s just steak pies now have to go in your hold luggage.’ The operators of Stornoway Airport, Highlands and Islands Airports Limited, told Metro.co.uk: ‘There is no doubt that the Highlands & Islands produces some of the world’s finest black pudding and steak pie products, and we are always happy to play our role in transporting them to connoisseurs worldwide. ‘However, we are duty bound by flight regulations, and while a great steak pie needs great gravy, unfortunately it counts as liquid, and therefore has to be transported in the aircraft hold for anyone lucky enough to have secured one for the dinner table.’ TL;DR: This is the best story we’ve reported on all week. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.