Maya Jama certainly delivered on Love Island tonight – announcing that two boys will be dumped from the villa, but viewers were left on the edges of their seat waiting to find out who. So far, the winter series has brought us tears, arguments, and Ron Hall going back-and-forth over Lana Jenkins more times than we can count. Meanwhile, Olivia Hawkins has moved on from the Tom Clare triangle with Zara Lackenby-Brown and set her sights on Kai Fagan. But, even after Tanya Manhenga and Shaq Muhammad declared their ‘I love yous’ to each other, viewers were still left begging for more. And many were desperately waiting for host Maya to make her sensational return – which she finally did. One savagely commented: ‘Only best part of episode was Maya Jama! Damn girl is seriously FIREE!! Rest of the episode was just a damn waste! Dry AF!!!’ Another penned: ‘The only good thing about Love Island is Maya Jama let’s be honest’. ‘The best part of this episode was when Maya turned up,’ another wrote. ‘FINALLY, MAYA ON MY SCREEN AGAINNNN!!!! all is well in the world again,’ someone else commented. Strutting back into the villa in a sexy bronze dress, she gathered the islanders around the firepit and delivered the dreaded words: ‘The public have been voting’. Teacher Kai, Australian Love Island star Aaron and ‘the director of vibrators’ Spencer were left with the fewest votes, and are now vulnerable to being booted out of the villa. This comes after Kai has started cracking on with Olivia, after Spencer tried to turn on his charm, while Aaron hasn’t had as much luck and instead was caught up in a tense feud with Tanyel Revan earlier this week. But it wasn’t just down to the public, who saved the likes of farmer Will Young, as the final power was handed to the girls, and it was down to them which two boys they’d be sending home. But, we’ll have to wait a while to find out who it is… Love Island continues on Sunday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Olivia Hawkins left blushing after steamy terrace kiss with Kai Fagan MORE : Love Island first look sees Maya Jama making a surprise return in another killer dress and fans can’t wait 