Rihanna has scathingly hit back at trolls who criticised her for calling her baby son ‘fine’. The world-famous musician returned to the stage for the first time in seven years last weekend as she performed at the 2023 Super Bowl, where during a 13-minute medley of her top tracks she also announced she was expecting her second child. Unfaithful singer Rih is now firmly back in the spotlight, having secured further headlines when she appeared in a jaw-dropping photoshoot for British Vogue alongside her partner A$AP Rocky and their baby son. Rihanna and Rocky welcomed their nine-month-old son, whose name has not been publicly announced, in May of last year, and Rihanna was, naturally, gushing over her baby after the photoshoot was released. Posting the photographs to Instagram, the 34-year-old wrote: ‘My son is so fine! Idc idc idc,’ meaning ‘I don’t care.’ And because the internet is what it is, the proud mum was instantly hit with backlash from commenters who said it was weird she called her son ‘fine’. One Instagram users wrote: ‘Fine!? More like cute, adorable.. he’s not a grown man.. lol.’ To which Rihanna clapped back: ‘You just keep your lil cougar paws away from him and we good!’ Another asked, with a crying emoji: ‘Who calls a baby fine??’ With the musician responding exasperatedly: ‘His mother!!!’ The comments, which appear to have been deleted, were screenshotted and shared widely on social media, with one of the original commenters admitting on her own Instagram page that being noticed by Rihanna felt ‘amazing.’ In the same Instagram post, Rihanna revealed she didn’t know she was pregnant at the time of the shoot, adding: ‘How crazy both of my babies were in these photos and mommy had no clue ❤️❤️.’ Rihanna went on to thank Vogue boss Edward Enniful and photographers Inez and Vinoodh for ‘celebrating us as a family.’ In an interview accompanying the shoot, Rihanna spoke candidly about the first ‘legendary’ months of motherhood, though stopped short of revealing her son’s name. And while the Unfaithful singer may not have known she was pregnant at the time, she was asked whether she would like to expand her family at some point. ‘Listen, I’m down for whatever. My wish would be I would like to have more kids but whatever God wants for me, I’m here,’ she proclaimed. ‘Girl, boy. Whatever.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna ‘had no clue’ she was pregnant during jaw-dropping British Vogue photoshoot with baby son MORE : Rihanna addresses ‘toxic’ pressure on new music as she teases release later this year  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 