Sebastian Vettel could make a stunning return to Formula One to replace the injured Aston Martin driver Lance Stroll. Last week, it was announced that Stroll would miss pre-season testing after injuring himself in a bicycle accident but it was hoped that he would recover in time for the first race of the season. However, with the Bahrain Grand Prix now just a week away, it is rumoured that the Canadian will not be fit enough in time and as such Aston Martin will have to pick a back-up driver to fill his seat. Last year’s F2 champion Felipe Drugovich is their first-choice reserve driver this season and the Brazilian was called upon to take Stroll’s place during the three-day test in Sakhir. Drugovich would seem to be the obvious replacement, but there are surprising rumours coming from the paddock that Aston Martin could well turn to their former driver Vettel. And their team principal Mike Krack has done nothing to quell these rumours, saying: ‘I have had a couple of phone calls with Sebastian. But this has been also last year, and this will continue in the future. ‘I will not tell you [if Vettel has expressed an interest in returning]. But don’t forget one thing, he had a very, very thorough plan in mind for his retirement. ‘And I think this is also something that you have to respect. Let’s see what’s happening. The Plan B we have to decide, we have some Plan Bs, we have to decide the Plan B when the Plan A is done.’ Vettel, who won four titles in a row with Red Bull, retired from F1 at the end of 2022 after a highly successful career, the last two years of which were spent at Aston Martin. The German who also drove for BMW Sauber, Toro Rosso and Ferrari, achieving 53 race wins, 57 pole positions and 122 podiums across 300 grand prix. Should he return to the grid, he will be partnered alongside two-time champion Fernando Alonso who was signed from Alpine to replace Vettel, and the 41-year-old was Vettel’s main rival for the championship in 2010 and 2012. Aston Martin finished last season seventh in the standings but had a very impressive testing run and some have tipped them to challenge for at least the podium at Bahrain. MORE : Eddie Jordan speaks out on F1’s troubled relationship with the FIA MORE : ‘Relaxed’ Max Verstappen fastest on day one of F1 testing with Lewis Hamilton only sixth quickest For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 