Prepare to have your heart melted thanks to Stacey Solomon once again! The Loose Women star, 33, recently gave birth to her fifth child, whom she later announced was called Belle. Adorable baby girl Belle has already slotted in perfectly with the rest of her siblings, and it seems big sister Rose in particular has taken a shine to her. Stacey – who shares Belle with husband Joe Swash, 40 – uploaded the sweetest video, capturing the moment Belle and one-year-old Rose met for the first time. With Belle sleeping soundly, Stacey placed her down on the bed next to Rose, who was immediately in awe of her younger sister. Rose began peppering kisses over Belle’s face with a ‘mwah’ sound, then cuddling her and stroking her hair. The video could not have been cuter, with Rose giggling as she played with her tiny sister, the two certain to be thick as thieves in no time. Stacey also kitted them out in the prettiest matching outfits, as they both wore one pieces with floral embroidery. The former X Factor star captioned the video: ‘🥀 When Rose met Belle 🥀 More than my heart could have ever imagined 😭 My whole heart aches for them and the adventures that are to come.’ She ended with two quotes about sisterly love, with one from Barbara Alpert reading: ‘Sister. She is your mirror, shining back at you with a world of possibilities. She is your witness, who sees you at your worst and best, and loves you anyway. She is your partner in crime, your midnight companion, someone who knows when you are smiling, even in the dark.’ ‘When sisters stand shoulder to shoulder, who stands a chance against them?’, said the other, by Pam Brown. Naturally, the TV star was inundated with lovely messages, which she later said had made her tearful. Leaving a comment on the original video, Stacey added: ‘Your comments are making me cry 😂😭 these hormones I tell you! Seeing all of the sister comments to each other is EVERYTHING 😭 love you all!’, adding a shoutout to her own sister, Jemma. ‘CUTENESS OVERLOAD’, commented Jake Quickenden. Sophie Hinchliffe – aka Mrs Hinch – commented: ‘This this this 😭 beautiful beyond words xx 🥀🌹 xx’ As well as Rose and newborn Belle, Stacey is a mum to Zachary, 14, and Leighton, 10, from previous relationships. She and former EastEnders actor Joe then have three-year-old Rex, an of course Rose and their new arrival. Joe also has a 15-year-old son called Harry, whom he shares with former partner Emma Sophocleous. Belle was born at home, at the couple’s beloved Pickle Cottage, with Stacey recently sharing a post-birth health update with her fans. The new mum said on her Instagram Story: ‘She’s just amazing. I feel really good, thank you so much for asking, loads of you have asked how I feel and if I’m ok. I feel really good, I feel a little bit on a high.’ Stacey said her birth was ‘so nice’ and she feels ‘so lucky’, promising to have a real catch up with fans soon. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon an ‘emotional mess’ as she starts breastfeeding baby girl after giving birth MORE : Stacey Dooley shares first look at baby daughter Minnie in adorable Valentine’s video with Kevin Clifton 