Nicola Peltz and Brooklyn Beckham’s star-studded wedding is back in the headlines, despite it taking place almost ten months ago. The lovebirds wed on April 9 during a fairytale Palm Beach ceremony, but 28-year-old Nicola’s dad, Nelson Peltz, has since filed a lawsuit against wedding planners Nicole Braghin and Arianna Grijalba, claiming they refused to return a $159,000 deposit. Texts sent from actress Nicola to the wedding planners have now been revealed, and in one slightly snippy exchange, the Transformers star apparently suggests Nicole and Arianna are ‘lying’ about Lewis Hamilton’s RSVP. According to 80-year-old billionaire Nelson – who is also reportedly suing for legal fees –  he and his wife Claudia Peltz hired the wedding planners through their firm Plan Design Events in March 2022. But after just nine days on the job, Nicole and Arianna allegedly decided to step down, saying Nicola and Brooklyn’s 500-strong guestlist was too much to handle. According to MailOnline, the lawsuit reads: ‘The celebrity of the wedding couple combined with the anticipated attendance of many high-profile guests required that the wedding planner have the expertise and staffing to plan, coordinate and execute a wedding event of the expected caliber and complexity.’ Included in Nelson’s lawsuit were some of the texts his daughter allegedly sent the planners. In one text message, Nicola told Nicole and Arianna she was ‘tired’ of fixing guestlist mistakes and that F1 star Lewis had personally told her he couldn’t attend the wedding. ‘Lewis Hamilton did NOT RSVP. So explain why his names on the list please,’ the Our House star is said to have written. ‘We spoke to him. He can’t come so explain why you said he rsvpd yes,’ she added. Replying to Nicola, Arianna explained she needed more time to get to grips with the app used to manage the virtual guestlist. ‘I need time to do this. I’m going to take a moment to learn the app and send you the information, I hate looking like a fool but I hate the most not giving you what you need ASAP. I will be back soon,’ she allegedly wrote. However, Nicola was quick to suggest that wasn’t truthful and is said to have replied: ‘That’s not true. He didn’t rsvp AT ALL.’ Elsewhere in his lawsuit, her dad claimed the wedding planners had a drinking problem. Prior to the text message exchange about Nicola and Brooklyn’s guestlist, Arianna had allegedly said in a group chat that she was ‘going for a tequila before her head exploded’. Arianna apparently also added that she intended to ‘watch the Last Airbender,’ to which Nicola is said to have replied: ‘Yes queen!’ Nicola and 23-year-old Brooklyn’s wedding took place in the former’s family home, a sprawling $103million oceanfront mansion, where several large marquees were erected. The morning after the night before, Brooklyn and Nicola headed to an intimate brunch with their parents, and the groom did the honours of whisking them away in a vintage car. Metro.co.uk has approached Nicola’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dr Phil talk show coming to an end after 21 seasons: ‘I’m moving on from daytime’ MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: Bistro shooting, Roy’s crisis, a baby proposal  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 