Warning: spoilers ahead for The Last of Us episode 7. The stars of The Last of Us are brilliantly shutting down homophobic trolls left, right and centre, after episode 7 featured another beautiful storyline that left viewers in tears. The latest instalment of the TV show, based on the popular video game franchise, reveals what happened to Ellie (Bella Ramsey) before she met Joel (Pedro Pascal), when she and her best friend-turned-romantic interest Riley (Storm Reid) share a fateful night together. Having been missing for weeks, Riley sneaks into Ellie’s bedroom at Fedra military school to whisk her away on a fun-filled adventure at the mall, where they have free rein to mess around in shops, on playground rides and at the arcade. After Ellie urges Riley not to leave her on a mission with the Fireflies resistance movement, Ellie kisses her on the lips, with Riley then revealing that she also feels the same way. Before the episode aired, Euphoria star Storm, 19, spoke out about the homophobic backlash that she anticipated over the storyline amid the overwhelming support, after episode three of the show – which told the beautiful story of Bill (Nick Offerman) and Frank (Murray Bartlett) – faced both love from fans and vitriol from trolls. Referencing Bella’s recent statement about those who dislike LGBT+ storylines, Storm stated: ‘Like Bella said when episode three came out: If you don’t like it, don’t watch.’ The actor stressed that if someone is ‘concerned about who I love’, then they need to get their ‘priorities straight’. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, Storm pointed out that there are ‘so many other things to worry about in life’, which is why it’s so perplexing why anyone would have an issue with young people expressing their love for each other, calling the negative reactions ‘nonsense’. She continued: ‘I’m not only representing women. I’m representing young Black women and I’m representing young queer women that are experiencing new feelings and new relationships.’ Storm opened up about how Riley and Ellie are ‘on the tightrope of a friendship and having a crush’, sharing ‘flirtatious energy’ with each other in the flashback episode. Describing the characters’ relationship as ‘beautiful’, she added: ‘I’m sure people are gonna have things to say on Sunday, but I don’t care because I’m proud of what we did and I’m proud of the story that we told and I’m proud of the people that we’re representing.’ Earlier this month, Bella, 19, told GQ that she didn’t feel ‘particularly anxious’ about trolls who had an issue with LGBT+ storylines. ‘I know people will think what they want to think. But they’re gonna have to get used to it,’ said the Game of Thrones star, who identifies as gender fluid and previously said she doesn’t mind what pronouns are used to describe her. ‘If you don’t want to watch the show because it has gay storylines, because it has a trans character, that’s on you, and you’re missing out.’ The Last of Us is available to watch on Sky and NOW, with new episodes released on Mondays. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Last of Us episode 7 recap: Who is Riley? Ellie’s past is revealed as question of Joel’s fate in present day lingers MORE : The Last of Us star Melanie Lynskey delivers blisteringly perfect response to homophobic trolls ahead of episode 4  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 