Arsenal legend Ray Parlour has tipped Chelsea head coach Graham Potter for a huge managerial role for his next job despite his struggles in west London. Potter arrived as head coach in September, replacing Thomas Tuchel, but following a strong start it has quickly gone downhill for the Englishman. The Blues have won just once in their last 10 games across all competitions, with their Premier League defeat to 20th-placed Southampton last week a new low. That has put the former Brighton boss under immense pressure at Stamford Bridge with some calling for Chelsea’s hierarchy to sack him. But Todd Boehly et al still think Potter – who has recently received death threats – is the right man for the job. If they change their mind and decide to part ways with Potter, Arsenal legend Parlour feels he could ‘one day’ be the manager of the England national team. The Three Lions are currently managed by Gareth Southgate, who led England to the World Cup semi-finals in 2018 and a runner-up finish at Euro 2020. ‘We all know, in football you don’t get long, especially at big clubs like Chelsea,’ Parlour told aceodds.com. ‘I’m pleased that they’ve come out and said ‘look, we’re going to give him a chance’ because you can’t keep chopping and changing managers as well, who’s available after Potter? That’s the big question. ‘People may argue, why did they get rid of [Thomas] Tuchel? We don’t know what happened behind the scenes. ‘But certainly, I hope he gets a bit more of a chance and he can do well. Potentially, he could be the England manager in the future. Who knows?’ Parlour added: ‘Chelsea have said that they’re in it with Graham Potter for the long run. ‘Do you think that’s feasible given the culture of the club where they expect instant success? ‘Well, certainly you got to give him a chance. I know the league position is terrible. I don’t think some of the press conferences he gives after games is ideal for Graham Potter. ‘He said about Southampton ‘they’re a good side’ and whatever – they’re bottom of the league, with no manager. ‘I’m not being rude to Graham Potter, but you’ve got to be beating sides like that at Stamford Bridge. ‘The problem you’ve got with fans is they’re really impatient. He’s taken a massive step up from Brighton. So it’s a totally different club. ‘At Brighton you can lose two or three games and you get away with it, then you win the next couple and you’re okay. ‘Chelsea, the expectations are so high. You want to be challenging for the top four, not just that, but trying to challenge for the title. ‘They’ve been there under Jose [Mourinho] and other different managers. ‘So but I do feel sorry for him as well, because they’re bought loads of players and you’ve got to let him have a chance to get his right formation. ‘I don’t think he knows his best team yet, that’s the big problem.’ MORE : Joao Felix drops Chelsea transfer hint and has 'more freedom' than at Atletico Madrid MORE : Paul Merson says Chelsea will beat Tottenham - but only if Graham Potter drops two players 