Ranvir Singh couldn’t believe what she was hearing as two Good Morning Britain guests rowed over the idea of women wearing make-up to give birth. The presenter initially insisted she ‘salutes’ women who find the time and motivation to get dolled up for labour, and made it clear that they should be able to make their own decisions. ‘At the outset can I just say, I think that talking about what women do during childbirth should be completely left alone,’ she said, before introducing the debate between broadcasters Claire Muldoon and Naomi Isted. ‘I’m one of these women who do not put my bins out without some makeup… But to be perfectly honest with you, I have four children and the most important thing is welcoming a healthy baby and healthy mum at the end of the labour,’ Claire said as the debate started in a relatively tame manner. ‘This is getting to the stage that it’s more than pushing out a baby, it’s pushing out a narrative,’ she argued. ‘You’re pushing this narrative that you need to be the best version of yourself, you need to wear lots of makeup, you need to be beautiful.’ This lit a spark in Naomi, who immediately branded Claire’s comments ‘really offensive’ and responded: ‘I think that as a woman, it’s a woman’s prerogative and narrative to have their own birth experience.’ Naomi reflected on her own birth experiences, nothing that she’s had a blow dry, fake tan and had her hair and makeup done for past labours because she ‘wanted to feel good’. ‘I’d gone through nine months of a terrible pregnancy. I felt awful and I wanted to feel good bringing my child into the world,’ she said, but Claire fired back that she was spreading a ‘dangerous narrative’ as the pair started shouting over each other. Naomi questioned: ‘How can that be a narrative that’s dangerous, to make the most of yourself?’ Ranvir pointed to women who lose their identity after having a baby, and asked Naomi if she thinks that’s part of it. ‘I think it’s crucially important As soon as you have a child, your life changes and you make so many sacrifices,’ she replied. ‘Yes labour’s hard, but life is hard as well. I make an effort every day, whether it’s a school run, whether it’s work… It makes me feel good within.’ Claire insisted that getting your nails done or topping up your tan is the last thing a mum needs to be thinking about, while Ranvir did admit she never liked the idea of anyone kissing her newborn baby with lipstick on. Although Naomi confessed she decided to ditch fake tan until after breastfeeding following an awkward moment the tan stained her son’s her, and admitted she ‘topped up’ her makeup between contractions during a 38-hour labour. recalled having a fake tan while breastfeeding and the tan stained her son’s hair so she decided to wait for fake her tan. ‘I was completely bored,’ she said. ‘For women, it is such a lifechanging experience having children, and why wouldn’t we help our mental health by being the best version of ourselves? It’s very easy to be a lazy person and to lower your standards.’ Ranvir sounded shocked after the last comment, asking: ‘Who are you calling lazy?’, while Naomi started to talk about people who ‘don’t want to make an effort’. The host fired back: ‘Sorry?! You’re saying if you don’t put makeup on you’re lazy?’ ‘Not at all,’ the guest insisted, and the conversation moved onto her comparing it to a sportsman trying to stay in the best shape while Claire told her not to push a narrative that puts women under pressure. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ryan Reynolds calls family home a ‘zoo’ after wife Blake Lively gives birth to baby number four MORE : Molly-Mae Hague ‘beyond excited’ as she hits gym three weeks after daughter Bambi’s birth 