Lorraine Kelly has paid tribute to iconic fashion journalist Hilary Alexander, following her death at the age of 77. The stylist’s death was announced on Monday (February 6), with it being confirmed that she sadly died on her birthday on Sunday (February 5). Alexander became the fashion editor of The Daily Telegraph in 1982, where she remained for 26 years. She went on to work with countless designers, building strong connections with many in the business who trusted her with their secret projects, provided that she could break the story first. Alexander continued to freelance up until she died, having also appeared on TV shows like Britain’s Next Top Model to dish out her expert advice. Another show she appeared on frequently was ITV’s Lorraine, with the Scottish host having nothing but glowing praise for her after learning of her death. ‘This is desperately sad news,’ Lorraine penned on Twitter, sharing British Vogue’s article. ‘I loved having #hilaryalexander on the show – wise, kind and always on top of her game.’ Radio and TV presenter Shelagh Fogarty also shared a sweet story: ‘Hilary was a great guest on air and went out of her way to help me when I saw a gorgeous dress in her reports on London Fashion Week. I wondered if I could afford it. She put me in touch with the young designer and it’s been my ‘go to’ ever since.’ Columnist and former Celebrity Big Brother star Liz Jones tweeted another touching anecdote: ‘So sorry to hear about #hilaryalexander she was always so kind to me (rare in fashion) and only Hilary was brave enough to run up to Prince front row in Camden during LFW to quiz him. One of the last great characters in fashion. My condolences to her family x’ Stars from the world of fashion have offered their condolences to Alexander’s loved ones, with Karen Millen taking to Instagram with a photo of her and the late fashion writer. ‘Seems we are saying goodbye all too often of late . Now the prolific fashion journalist @hilaryalexanderobe’, she began in the caption. ‘I first met Hilary back in the early 90’s when she interviewed me on our shop opening in Kensington, I was young, nervous and in experienced as she was one of the top fashion journalists that I’d come across and I felt honoured. ‘Such an amazing career that she lived and breathed and no doubt her presence will be sadly missed.’ Her legacy will certainly live on in the industry, with British Vogue’s editor-in-chief Edward Enniful branding her ‘one of the original, old-school fashion journalists.’ Enniful added in a tribute in the publication: ‘I remember she was really kind to me when I was first starting out in the industry. Everybody wanted to read what she had to say about fashion, but also she was hilarious, you could always feel her energy. She was so alive.’ Fashion designer Zandra Rhodes also said: ‘Hilary Alexander was the epitome of amazing enthusiasm and hard work. She never gave up on a story and the research that went with it. We will never be able to fill the gap she has left.’ ‘Her wit, intelligence and her fashion wisdom will be greatly missed,’ added artist Daniel Lismore. ‘She was a very funny lady who led an extremely colourful life.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Quavo performs emotional Grammys tribute to nephew Takeoff after death aged 28 MORE : Mick Fleetwood pays emotional tribute to Christine McVie at Grammys months after her death: ‘We’re happy to make a fuss of her’  