You couldn’t exactly say the Prince and Princess of Wales were dressed for a spin class this afternoon – but that didn’t stop them from doing one. Kate came out on top in a virtual endurance race while on a visit to South Wales, and did it all while wearing a skirt and high-heeled boots. She laughed and asked ‘can I make it harder?’ as her husband William looked absolutely knackered. The royal couple are known to be competitive and were challenged to see who could cycle the farthest in 45 seconds ‘while riding uphill in the Italian mountains’. Kate was given a small trophy after emerging victorious from the Tour de Aberavon, although the distance she won by was not revealed. Entering the cycling room at Aberavon leisure and fitness centre in Aberavon, William apologised to the cyclists ‘for ruining your spin class’. Before hopping on his bike, the future King joked to his wife: ‘You have got high heels on.’ Kate quipped: ‘Not sure I am dressed for this’ before impressively adjusting the gears midway. After finishing, an out of breath William said ‘talk to you in a minute’ to laughs. The cycle race was part of a day of engagements in South Wales ahead of St David’s Day. The trip also saw the princess plant Sweet William seeds at Brynawel Rehabilitation Centre near Pontyclun, prompting a chuckle from her husband. The couple unveiled a plaque commemorating their visit to the Welsh Air Ambulance base in Llanelli and the prince’s new patronage of the charity. At the leisure centre, they met by members of the Aberavon Swimming Club who use the 25-metre pool for training. They toured the sports hall and met children from Tywyn Primary School and Welsh professional athletes, including Harrison Walsh and Hannah Brier. Rafael Vazquez, 7, from Swansea, presented the parents-of-three with a set of Welsh leotards for their children, Princes George and Louis and Princess Charlotte. His mother Jo Vazquez said: ‘It was wonderful to meet them. They are so genuine people and have a real interest in the community, children and sport. ‘They said how interested they were in keeping leisure centres open, especially swimming, as it is such a key skill for life.’ As they left, William and Kate spent time meeting people in a 300-strong crowd who had outside to catch a glimpse of them. Sienna David, a member of Aberavon Swimming Club, presented the princess with a bouquet of sunflowers and described meeting the royals as ‘amazing’. Describing her conversation with William, she said: ‘He was saying it was very cold and he asked me what my favourite swimming stroke was.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.