As the cost of living crisis only continues to worsen for households across the United Kingdom, many different bills are due to rise in price in April. From council tax rises to the on-going inflation costs on everyday essentials, money will be stretched further than ever. Another cost that’s been announced is the rise in water bills. Here’s what you need to know… Water bills will go up on April 1, 2023. Water UK released a statement in February confirming bills will rise by an average of £31 to £448 a year (equivalent to around 60p more each week), but this figure will vary by location and water usage. Support for low-income households is also being increased to its highest level ever. More than one million households already receive help with water bills, which is being increased to 1.2 million in the coming months. Find out more about support for your water bills and if you qualify. As per Water UK, average yearly water and sewerage bills in England and Wales are forecast to rise by £31 (7.5%) to £448 in the forthcoming year. While this is a blow to households already facing lean times, the water bill increase is below inflation (November CPIH inflation, which regulators set as the benchmark, was 9.3%). Water bills remain lower, in real terms, than they were a decade ago. The 7.5% increase in water is much lower than price hikes seen elsewhere. The energy price cap is set to rise by 20% in April, having previously risen by 27% in October (three and a half times the increase in water), while broadband and mobile customers are set to see their bills increase by up to 14%. The table below shows how average water and sewerage bills are set to change in England and Wales from April, but individual bills could be higher or lower depending on factors such as your location, your usage and if you have a water  meter. Money saving expert Martin Lewis has shared ways you can try to mitigate some of the increased costs. Martin explained on his ITV show how installing a water meter could save you hundreds. Households can opt for a two-year trial and one woman called Debra did this and managed to save £400 in a year. He also shared advice for those struggling on benefits, have disabilities, or medical conditions is to speak with their water firm to see if they can be swapped to a cheaper tariff if they use lots of hot water for showers and baths. For a final note, he shared that everyone can try to make the most of water-saving fgadgets. Explaining that they are ‘postcode dependent’ people can use sites like Savewatersavemoney.co.uk, where you can get gadgets ‘totally for free from your water firm’ which ‘cuts water and it cuts your energy use too, because remember much of the water that we use is heated.’ MORE : What is the upcoming energy price cap and by how much is it going up? MORE : How to apply for £200 alternative fuels payment and who is eligible? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.