Jurgen Klopp says Darwin Nunez is in pain after picking up a shoulder injury in Liverpool’s win over Newcastle United on Saturday evening. Nunez opened the scoring at St. James’ Park after just 10 minutes with Cody Gakpo adding a second soon after to put the Reds in control against the Magpies. Though Liverpool were unable to extend their advantage despite their opponents going down to 10 men after just 22 minutes, they saw out the win to move within just six points of the Premier League’s top four. However, the victory came at a cost with Nunez subbed off just before the hour after sustaining an injury after landing on his shoulder, though he initially tried to play on. The last thing Klopp needs right now is more injury worries with a huge clash against Real Madrid in the Champions League up next for his side on Tuesday and he now faces an anxious wait to see if the Uruguayan forward will be fit enough in time for it. ‘The bad news is Darwin has something on his shoulder. We will see,’ the manager said in his post-match press conference. ‘In the end he had to go off with a shoulder issue and we need further assessments. I don’t know in the moment. ‘In the moment it’s painful. Hopefully it’s just painful and nothing more.’ Though he has had some difficult games since moving to Anfield last summer, Nunez has steadily improved and so far has scored 11 and assisted four in 28 games. If he is out for a period of time it will be a huge blow for Liverpool, who, following Real Madrid, face league games against Crystal Palace, Wolves and arch-rivals Manchester United. In slightly more positive news, Klopp does now have more forward options available to him, with Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino coming on against Newcastle as they work their way back to full fitness. MORE : Rafa Benitez sends message to Jurgen Klopp ahead of Liverpool vs Real Madrid MORE : Graham Potter responds to Chelsea fans booing after humiliating defeat to Southampton For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 