This week, we not only have the romantic Valentine’s festival but Mercury moves into clear-eyed, honest Aquarius which means we need to say how we really feel, no matter what. Mercury governs communication, Aquarius is ruthlessly honest at all times. Even in loose relationships, don’t bite your tongue or fake an emotion. Call it out. Express yourself. Say how it really is. And go from there… Let the tarot guide you, this week, towards the truth you’re ready to express. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: The Sun Meaning: You’re bursting with confidence, joy, optimism and energy. Aries, you are having the time of your life and you want to shout it from the rooftops. Why not? Go for it. We so often harp on about our troubles and then feel we oughtn’t to crow or boast about our successes or joys. That is silly. People love to hear you are in a good place. Share the love. Spread the success. Be vocal about your happiness. It’s infectious. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Page of Wands Meaning: You don’t like being seen as a novice, a learner, or someone who doesn’t know what they’re doing. It makes you feel stupid or, even worse, like people are laughing at you or not taking you seriously. Taurus, it’s okay. We all go on different learning curves. It’s normal and natural to feel like you don’t know enough. Admit it. Talk about it. The Page of Wands reveals you’re putting too much pressure on being right first time. Admit you’re working it all out as you go and you will feel so much more relaxed (and happy). Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Knight of Wands Meaning: You want to play. You are tired of the grind and the routine and the demands etc. You were built for fun, Gemini, and you need to have regular time-outs to go be whoever you want to be. The Knight of Wands urges you to beg for some space and time, and then use it to go a little wild! Travel, explore, have fun, socialise, create, invent, learn, wander. You get so much from these little jaunts, even if it’s only hours vs days. You need a break. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Five of Coins Meaning: The Five of Coins shows you’re experiencing an emotional echo (possibly grief, shame, guilt or anger) from an event that happened long ago. Something has triggered this emotion and it’s as strong as it was back then. These echoes can catch us by surprise. Don’t suppress it or think no one wants to know. Find someone to talk to and express these feelings. They aren’t here to haunt you, they’re just passing through. Help them on their way by releasing them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Two of Swords Meaning: You are really struggling with a big decision on your plate. It has sat there, eyeing you and demanding attention, for a while and you, frankly, CBA with it. This decision doesn’t seem to have any good outcomes so you’ve put off dealing with it. Leo, talk to someone about this, this week. Get a second opinion, get a different perspective. There’s something you’re missing which can unlock this whole thing and make the answer real obvious, real easy, and real appealing. Get help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Three of Coins Meaning: You need to share your ideas for the future, goals and ambitions with people who can actually help you make them a reality. The Three of Coins promises that they will take you seriously, realise they can assist you, and probably offer you something positive and unexpected. It’s often who vs what we know that helps us get ahead. Use your contacts. Express your ideas and goals and ask for input. You will get very, very lucky! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Nine of Swords Meaning: The Nine of Swords is the tarot’s therapy card, hinting at bottled up and private fears which you don’t share with anyone and are infecting your psyche from within. Libra, tell the truth, expel these demons, talk about what frightens you… most of it is just vapour and smoke and will all clear in the cold light of day. Nursing these concerns privately is just amplifying their power and hold over you. Time to break free of fear. Talk about it, name it, clarify it. Be free. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Ten of Coins Meaning: You are musing over your long term security and wealth. You have big ideas for your home, career, money and health. You want to live a long, prosperous, successful, and joyful life. That happens by design and you are ready to talk about your goals and how to manifest them. The Ten of Coins blesses your endeavours. Perhaps you need some professional advice or expertise. Seek people who know their onions and get their input. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Ten of Cups Meaning: Your love life is on your mind and you have a very clear ideal or vision of love right now. You can see and perceive very vividly how you want things to be, how they should be. Sag, share this vision. And, better yet, be it. Lead by example, set the tone, be the change you wish to see. Your object of focus will respond much faster and better to action than words. Show how much you care and activate a whole new era of love and romance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: The Magician Meaning: The Magician represents entrepreneurs, inventors, innovators and creators. It’s a strong signal that you’re ready to unleash a bright idea on the world and it’s going to be a huge success. Start this week by sharing its origins, drivers, and concepts. Practice pitching. Draft a proposal. Sketch out a design. Plan for success. When you talk about it, you pressure test your own thinking and invite challenge and that is what you need right now. The process of creation has begun. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Nine of Cups Meaning: Dream a dream, Aquarius! Draw your most intense and heartfelt daydream out of your mind and into real life. The Nine of Cups is like a cosmic wish pass granting you your dream. But it has to live in the real world. Start by talking about it, explaining it, sharing it. Confide in your closest people what you wish for, and let that wish start to take shape in the world. The Universe is ready to grant you your dream but you need to communicate what it is… and then magic will happen. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Judgment Meaning: Judgment is a powerful card about epiphanies, revelations and wake up calls. You will, through conversation this week, realise something deep, moving and stirring about yourself. It unlocks a whole new approach and way of thinking about your life. It makes you feel that you truly ‘get’ who you are and where you’re at and, importantly, what you therefore need. It gives you confidence to make decisions, changes, leaps into the unknown… because you have your guiding light now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Everything you need to know about dating an Aquarius MORE : How your star sign can find love – and who with – this Valentine’s Day