A dad claims he was ‘scammed’ after he was hit with a fine while visiting a McDonald’s with his family. Marcus Ward had parked near a branch of the restaurant in Walsgrave, Coventry. The 35-year-old and his wife had taken their two young children for lunch and an afternoon at the McDonald’s soft play. A few days later though, a parking fine appeared through their front door. Marcus said the charge, from UK Parking Control, stated that his wife and children had exceeded the limit 90-minute limit for the customer car park by around 10 minutes. A lack of signage meant the family did not realise the rules, he claimed. The furious dad told CoventryLive: ‘You have got a soft play at that McDonald’s so you are going to be there for a lot longer than a normal McDonald’s. ‘If you break down how long it takes a parent to get kids out of the car, change them, feed them, and soft play, it is definitely over an hour and a half.’ ‘It is a hell of a lot of money for using a facility that has a car park. ‘I have lived in Coventry all my life and I never knew that car park had a time limit. ‘Everything is almost set up for you to fail and be caught by this trap. It is unbelievable.’ Marcus has been fighting the parking fine since August last year. He had now been informed he will have to fight the parking charge in court with the fine having reached £170. He said: ‘I get wound up about it because it is fair and unjust. It is absolutely shocking. It is basically like getting mugged but somehow legally. ‘If my wife parked there and went to another shop and come back, I would have paid the fine, but because I am so strongly against paying it morally, I am digging my heels in and standing by my principles. Marcus wants to warn others about the time limit at the popular restaurant to prevent people from being ‘caught out by the trap.’ A spokesman for McDonald’s said: ‘We have parking restrictions in place at a number of our restaurants, with a time limit to ensure there is adequate parking for all of our customers. ‘Ample signage regarding these restrictions is clearly displayed both as you drive into the car park, on various lampposts within it and inside of the restaurant. ‘We work with industry-approved contractors who use the cameras, which have been in place for some time, to ensure customers are within the 90-minute limits.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted UK Parking Control for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.