Rishi Sunak says he is ‘concerned’ at the level of private information released following the disappearance of Nicola Bulley. Lancashire Police detailed how the missing mum’s ‘ongoing struggle with the menopause’ led to ‘significant issues with alcohol’. The force, which has faced growing backlash over its handling of the case, was accused of ‘victim blaming’ and trying to hide its own ‘incompetence’. Mr Sunak has said he was ‘concerned that private information was put into the public domain’ during a press conference in Northern Ireland. Asked what he thought of the information disclosed by the force, the Prime Minister replied: ‘Well I agree with the Home Secretary, and like her I was concerned that private information was put into the public domain. ‘I’m pleased that the police are looking at how that happened in the investigation. ‘Obviously my thoughts are with Nicola’s friends and family and the focus must now be on continuing to try and find her.’ Friday marks three weeks since Ms Bulley vanished after dropping off her daughters, aged six and nine, at school on January 27 in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. She was last seen at 9.10am taking her usual route with her springer spaniel Willow, alongside the River Wyre. Her phone, still connected to a work call for her job as a mortgage adviser, was found just over 20 minutes later on a bench overlooking the riverbank, with her dog running loose. In a statement issued on Thursday, Ms Bulley’s family said people needed to stop ‘making wild theories up’ about her private life. The statement, issued through the force, said: ‘Although we know that Nikki would not have wanted this, there are people out there speculating and threatening to sell stories about her. This is appalling and needs to stop. ‘The public focus has to be on finding her and not making up wild theories about her personal life.’ Concluding their statement, Ms Bulley’s family issued a direct plea for her to return, saying: ‘Your girls want a cuddle.’ Home Secretary Suella Braverman is also said to have been ‘concerned’ by the decision to release the above statement. The Home Office said it receives regular updates from Lancashire Police, and on Thursday got an explanation for ‘why personal details about Nicola was briefed out at this stage of the investigation’. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer also told Times Radio he ‘was very surprised to see what the police had put out there’, noting he was not sure ‘why the degree of personal information was necessary’. READ MORE: Dame slams ‘sexist as it comes’ police decision to publicise Nicola’s struggles Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.