McLaren are hoping that their 2023 car can get them back to winning ways as they celebrate their 60th birthday this year. The Woking-based team launched the MCL60 on Monday which retains the papaya, blue and black livery from last year – a nod to the paint schemes used by the team when they began racing in the 1960s. McLaren finished a disappointing fifth in the standings in 2022, but were the only team outside of the big three – Red Bull, Ferrari and Mercedes – to get on the podium, with Lando Norris finishing third in Imola. ‘The off-season has been good but I’m looking forward to getting back on track and behind the wheel of the MCL60 for the first time,’ the British driver said at the launch. ‘The new car looks great, and everyone involved in the build has played an important role. ‘This is my fifth year in Formula 1 and I’m hoping to carry positive momentum into the new season after a year of racing under the new era of regulations. It’s been a good challenge adapting to them and I feel that I’m in a positive position to keep on improving as a driver.’ Norris has a new teammate this season in the form of highly-rated rookie Oscar Piastri who replaces fellow Australian Daniel Ricciardo after struggling to perform over the last two years. Piastri had looked destined to make his F1 debut with Alpine having come through their academy but left the French team in a crazy transfer saga last summer. ‘I’m delighted to get started with McLaren. The off-season has been great for me, and I’ve been working hard to prepare for the upcoming year,’ the 21-year-old. ‘The time I’ve spent at the factory and in the sim has been enjoyable and productive, and everyone in the team has been welcoming. I’ve settled in well and I’m now fully focused on getting out on track in Bahrain. ‘The MCL60 is very impressive and it’s going to be a memorable year, not just for me in my rookie season but also as a team celebrating 60 years of McLaren.’ One of F1’s oldest and most successful teams, McLaren made their debut in 1963 and have since won 183 grand prix, 12 drivers’ titles and eight constructors’. But the last of these titles came back in 2008 with Lewis Hamilton, and the last decade has been perhaps the worst in their history having recorded just one win in that time. MORE : What time do Ferrari launch their new F1 car and how to watch? MORE : ‘A very low point’ – Mercedes F1 star George Russell opens up on mental health struggles For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 