The biggest night in British film is finally upon us. The Baftas are back for 2023 and currently in full swing at London’s Royal Festival Hall. The Banshees of Inisherin and All Quiet on the Western Front dominated as the first few gongs were handed out on Sunday. Not only did Kerry Condon scoop the best supporting actress trophy while her Banshees co-star Barry Keoghan won the best supporting actor award, but the first award of the night, best adapted screenplay, went to All Quiet On The Western Front, with director and screenwriter Edward Berger paying tribute to those fighting in Ukraine. Screenwriter Ian Stokell said the project had been ‘worth the wait’ because the film is anti-war. Barry said he ‘should have planned this, really’ before thanking his co-stars and Ireland. He also dedicated the award to children from the area he comes from. The award for film not in the English language also went to All Quiet On The Western Front. The award for best cinematography went to All Quiet On The Western Front, with lead cinematographer James Friend thanking his wife, daughter and fellow nominees. Jamie Lee Curtis and Anya Taylor-Joy presented the outstanding debut by a British writer, director or producer to Charlotte Wells for Aftersun. Tearfully, she thanked the producers, cast and crew and mentioned the earthquake that hit Syria and Turkey, where the movie was filmed. Wells also said her film was a ‘eulogy’ to her father and added ‘he’s not here, but my mum is’. Martin McDonagh won original screenplay for The Banshees Of Inisherin, giving the dark comedy film its third win. He thanked Bafta, his fellow nominees, production company and the stars.McDonagh also said: “Making a sad film, shouldn’t be so much fun.” The Bafta for original score went to All Quiet On The Western Front. German composer Volker Bertelmann said the film showed him that ‘humanity, empathy and embracing diversity of human beings and nations’ is ‘the most important in our world’. He also thanked his family and the cast and crew of the Netflix anti-war epic. On the fashion front, Jamie and Cate Blanchett were among the stars wearing a blue ribbon at the Bafta film awards to show their support for refugees and displaced people around the world. Colin Farrell, Paul Mescal and Angela Bassett were also brandishing the #WithRefugees ribbon. Speaking to PA about why she wanted to wear the ribbon, supporting actress nominee Jamie said: ‘My friend Cate Blanchett is asking people to remind us all in the midst of all the season of shiny things that of course there are terrible refugee crises going on all over the world everywhere all at once and we need to do our part.’ It comes after earthquakes hit Turkey and Syria, killing an estimated 44,000 and displacing thousands more. Meanwhile, Vick Hope was on the red carpet before the ceremony kicked off and the presenter caught up with Regé-Jean Page, who said he’s a supporter of genderless award show categories. ‘I’m fully in favour of doing genderless categories. But we’d never get a look in, women would absolutely dominate. We’d all have to catch up. There’s my controversial take,’ noted the actor. Ali Plumb was also red carpet duties over at the iconic venue, and we’re living for his iconic encounter with Eddie Redmayne. Poking fun at the fact the star wasn’t wearing a shirt beneath his blazer, Ali asked Eddie: ‘Would you be upset if I took off the bowtie and got out my chest hair?’ Eddie replied with a grin on his face: ‘I was going for Baftas meets Strictly,’ prompting Ali to remark: ‘You heard it here first: Eddie is gonna be on next year’s Strictly.’ Quick to make it clear that was most definitely not the case, Eddie remarked: ‘That is literally my worst nightmare. Being forced to try and dance.’ Ali also caught up with some of the cast of The Banshees Of Inisherin and made sure to ask Colin about his adorable fluffy castmate – Jenny the donkey. ‘My first question for you lovely Banshees is for you Colin. What’s is like being kicked by a donkey?’ Ali enquired. ‘Not as much fun as it sounds,’ responded Colin, adding: ‘It was only a baby donkey. It was only a miniature donkey; it could have been a big ass. It could have been a lot worse.’ This year’s Baftas ceremony has moved to the Royal Festival Hall from its previous location of the Royal Albert Hall, which had hosted the show since 2017. The Prince and Princess of Wales will attend for the first time in three years. The Bafta Film Awards are this year hosted by Richard E Grant. MORE : Jamie Lee Curtis, 64, returns to Baftas 40 years after scooping first award, with Everything Everywhere All At Once nominated for 10 gongs MORE : Pink defends Madonna’s comments about ‘ageism and misogyny’ following Grammys backlash  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 