Shania Twain has proven she’s the queen of the charts, after landing not her first, nor her second, but her third UK number one album! The country pop superstar has plenty of reasons to celebrate this weekend, after her latest record Queen Of Me reached the top spot. Queen Of Me is the 57-year-old’s sixth studio album, allowing her to cement her status as one of the best-selling music artists of all time. The five-time Grammy award winner claimed the top spot following a close race with singer-songwriter Raye’s debut album My 21st Century Blues, including her recent number one single Escapism – which was the most-purchased record in independent record shops this week. Although Shania’s album topped the official vinyl albums chart, there were fewer than 2,500 chart units between the top two spots, the Official Charts Company said. Canadian singer-songwriter Shain said of her success: ‘I’m very happy. Thank you very much to all of my fans for still being here for me. For still being the ones. ‘I hope you love the album and that it cheers you up; that’s the idea. It’s my happy album. I look forward to seeing you all out on tour. Thank you.’ Her chart success comes after her 1998 album Come On Over, which included hits That Don’t Impress Me Much and Man! I Feel Like A Woman!, landed the top spot along with her 2017 album Now. Shania’s number one will likely also be an emotional milestone for her, given her past fears about not being able to sing again due to throat surgery. The star, who contracted Lyme disease after being bitten by a tick while horse riding in 2003, said she now never takes her voice ‘for granted.’ Explaining her procedure on This Morning late last year, she said: ‘So, I now have two vortex implants – it’s like having crutches. They support the airflow and keep the cords moving symmetrically. ‘It may not last forever! I’m singing now, I’m taking advantage of it now – I have a different voice. It’s different, but I’m rolling with it. I have got new qualities that I’m embracing, just taking it one day at a time.’ Elsewhere in this week’s Official Charts and fresh off the back of his Grammys success, Harry Styles’ album Harry’s House moved up to number six after he won album of the year at prestigious ceremony. Beyoncé’s album Renaissance also shot up 60 places to number 12 after announcing her first world tour in seven years – and sending fans (and Ticketmaster) into meltdown. Meanwhile, Edinburgh-based band Young Fathers, who previously won the prestigious Mercury Prize and made history becoming the first act to win the Scottish Album of The Year (SAY) Award twice, celebrated a career-best with their fourth studio album Heavy Heavy reaching the seventh spot in what is their first top 10 success. Finally, pop superstar Miley Cyrus dominated the UK singles chart for the fourth consecutive week with her hit track Flowers – with more than 9.3million UK streams, extending her lead as the longest-running chart-topper of 2023 so far. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Billie Eilish gets restraining order against man who ‘tried to break into her family home’ MORE : Kylie Minogue’s ex Paul Solomons speaks out after shock split due to ‘long distance’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 