Molly-Mae Hague has shared a statement after her boyfriend Tommy Fury triumphed over Jake Paul in Saudi Arabia on Sunday night. Sharing two photos of Tommy, who she shares newborn daughter Bambi with, the former Love Island star said: ‘Never a doubt in my mind.’ Doting mum Molly, 23, added: ‘The pressure that was on this boy’s shoulders. I will never ever know how he dealt with it. Never been more proud of anyone in my life. Come home to us our champ.’ Molly posted one photo of Tommy, also 23, in the ring and another of him planting a kiss on her lips while she cradled little Bambi. Tommy defied many people’s expectations to defeat Jake in the latter’s first ever professional loss in the boxing ring. Celebrating his win, he was in floods of tears as he dedicated his victory to Molly and daughter Bambi, describing his partner as his ‘Mrs’. Having scored his victory in a split decision after the heated clash, he said: ‘For the past two and a half years, this is all that’s consumed my life. Broke rib, denied access, and everybody thought I was running scared. ‘Tonight, I made my own legacy. I am Tommy Fury.’ He continued: ‘I want to dedicate this fight to my new baby girl Bambi at home and my Mrs, I love you. I can’t wait to see you. ‘This fight was for you. It’s for you Bambi, I love you.’ Tommy went on to explain how over the past two and a half years, he had a ‘dream’ and a ‘vision’ that he would win the fight, but ‘no one believed me’. ‘Now I can stand up and everybody can take note. In my first main event, 23 years old, I had the world on me, I had pressure on my shoulders and I came through,’ he stated. The fighter explained that he viewed his clash with Jake as a ‘world title’ bout, before addressing his opponent’s ‘rematch clause’ and potential desire to face him again in the ring. Tommy promised that he would ‘100%’ be up for a rematch, promising that he’s ‘only going to go stronger’, ‘bigger’ and ‘better’, adding: ‘If he wants a rematch, bring it on.’ While Jake expressed his ‘respect’ for Tommy in his own post-match interview, he added that he wasn’t sure that he agreed with the final decision, while being booed by the crowd. Tommy’s daughter Bambi was born just weeks ago, almost four years after he and Molly-Mae first met and got together on Love Island, finishing as the runners-up. When the athlete first entered the arena, he paid tribute to his daughter by wearing a robe with her name embossed on the front in sparkly gold lettering. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Last of Us episode 7 recap: Who is Riley? Ellie’s past is revealed as question of Joel’s fate in present day lingers MORE : Michael B Jordan confronts high school bully on red carpet and it’s very awkward 