An open-plan two-bedroom flat in Embassy Gardens, a Thameside mixed-use development in the Nine Elms regeneration zone in SW11, is home to online fitness coach Emma Cox. Originally from Huddersfield, Emma shares the pad with a flatmate, and loves the ‘Sky Pool’, and the many exercise and co-working spaces. As well as the two bedrooms, we have an open-plan living/kitchen area, two bathrooms and a balcony connected to the living space and my flatmate’s room. At the end of last June.  Before I moved into Embassy Gardens, I lived nearby, in the Coda building in Battersea. Initially, the Sky Pool – the 25-metre clear acrylic swimming pool that stretches between two buildings, way above ground – drew me in, as it is so iconic. But after looking around the development, it was the range of amenities as well as the location and good transport links. I had viewed a studio flat at Embassy Gardens, but came to the conclusion I would prefer to live with someone else, and that way have a separate living area to my bedroom. I reached out to a lot of people through Spareroom.co.uk, but didn’t have much luck at first. When I met my flatmate-to-be at The Alchemist bar beneath the apartment block for a drink. I knew instantly we’d get on as we couldn’t stop talking! Our total rent is £3,200. I pay £1,750, as I have the bigger room and also an en-suite. Our bills are about £200 each a month, including a recent increase because of energy price hikes and council tax. I never get bored. I’ll go to the gym, do a post-gym recovery session in the sauna, use the cinema room and work from one of the many cafés or work-from-home spaces. I run my own fitness business, training women to feel confident and empowered while still enjoying the foods they love, and working from the co-working spaces here, in both the Ambassador and Legacy buildings, has been really beneficial. Running your own business can be lonely at times, and there’s a real sense of community. I really enjoy going to the market and comedy club in Vauxhall. I also love living so close to Chelsea, where I spend the majority of my nights out. I regularly go to Battersea Park and Battersea Power Station with my friends. There’s a huge range of shops, cafés and restaurants. The flat was fully furnished when we moved in. Although we aren’t allowed to paint the walls, we’ve been able to add our own touches, plus I prefer a white background anyway. We have given the living area a minimalistic, clean style, and we always have fresh flowers on the coffee table and lots of feminine ornaments. In my bedroom, I have lots of colourful prints and a vision board to remind me of my goals. I have mementos from my travels, such as incense and a dream catcher, and framed photos of family and friends, which are really comforting. An open-plan villa in Bali. I’m going to South East Asia this summer with my best friend, and am learning Indonesian. I’d love to buy a place in Embassy Gardens. I’ve never lived anywhere like it. Emma’s Instagram account can be found here. MORE : People are sharing things ‘only Londoners would know’ and it’s as great as you’d expect MORE : What I Own: Content creator Katie, who bought her south east London home for £360,000 a decade ago