Florence Pugh admitted she was still nursing a hangover two days after partying until the early hours following her appearance at the Bafta awards. The 27-year-old star was spotted returning to her hotel room as the sun rose over London after having joined a host of famous faces at one of the ceremony’s exclusive after-parties. Taking to her Instagram, Florence posted a close-up selfie of her tired face as she updated fans on her post-Baftas recovery. Alongside the picture on her stories, she typed a caption that read: ‘It’s a two day hangover kinda thing. Ohhhh BAFTAs [sic]’. The actress was reportedly seen leaving a party at Chiltern Firehouse at 8:45 am before making her way back up to her hotel room for some much-needed rest. Florence was still sporting her outfit when she emerged from the Baftas after-party and sparkled in the morning sunlight in her pink sequined mini dress. She remained in her sky-high platform silver high heels as she dashed inside the building and was clutching the silver handbag that she had carried throughout the evening. The ceremony aimed at celebrating British film returned on Sunday evening at the Royal Albert Hall and saw actor Richard E. Grant take his spot as presenter for the 76th EE British Academy Film Awards. Elvis star Austin Butler won the gong for best leading actor, beating favourite Colin Farrell to the prize. Austin – who received the award for his performance as the king of rock ‘n’ roll in the biopic film – said it was ‘truly extraordinary’. He also added on the night: ‘To my fellow nominees, this is an honour. ‘I want to thank the Presley family, I cannot thank you enough for your love… this means the world to me.’ The Bafta for leading actress went to Cate Blanchett for her performance as a conductor in the psychological film Tar. Tearfully, she accepted the accolade as she thanked her mother and director Todd Field. Cate also said that 2022 had been an ‘extraordinary year for women’ and added that it had broken down that women’s experience is not ‘monolithic’. The final award of the night for best film went to the German language flick – All Quiet On The Western Front – taking its final total for the night to seven. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Taron Egerton is all of us as he’s distracted mid-interview by Florence Pugh at the Baftas MORE : A guide for mere mortals on how to pull off Florence Pugh’s delectable micro fringe 