EastEnders has revealed that Monday’s (February 20) long-awaited episode, which is expected to involve life-changing twists for a number of the show’s ladies, will not drop online ahead of its TV broadcast. Viewers of the popular serial drama are more excited than ever for the upcoming outing, after a trailer – which dropped earlier this month – teased that lives with shatter for six Walford matriarchs. ‘There is a moment just before you do something’, Queen Vic landlady Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) says as she carries out  her daily duties behind the bar, before we move to Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner), who is working away in her food van, saying: ‘When time freezes.’ Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth), pictured in her signature cafe, adds: ‘And you think, is this really happening?’, while Minute Mart manager Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) contemplates: ‘Am I really going to do this?’ And then suddenly, it’s done,’ exclaims Denise Fox (Diane Parish) from her salon, with Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) then adding outside the Queen Vic: ‘And your whole world shatters.’ What exactly transpires remains to be seen, but anticipation for the episode is at an all-time high, with viewers eagerly awaiting Monday. The BBC One soap, as fans are aware, has been releasing episodes early on iPlayer on the day of broadcast for a number of months now, after trialling it out over the summer period. This year, the online premieres became a permanent fixture, with pretty much every episode, bar New Year’s Day, having dropped on the streaming service at 6am – over 12 hours before it airs on TV. The move has received a mixed response from fans, with the majority of viewers preferring to watch episodes with the rest of the nation. Good news, however, as Monday’s highly-anticipated outing of the serial drama will NOT be released online ahead of broadcast at 7:30pm, meaning that social media will be spoiler-free zone. EastEnders’ official Twitter and Instagram accounts shared a picture, confirming the news. ‘No 6am BBC iPlayer release Monday February 20, it read. Fans shared their glee in the comments, with one writing: ‘That’s how it should always be!’, while another added: ‘Keep it that way’. ‘GOOD!’ exclaimed another, while one more said: ‘Yes! This week has everyone talking as there has literally been no spoilers and that’s how it should be. We like surprises and shocks.’ EastEnders airs its unmissable, life-changing episode on Monday February 20 at 7:30pm on BBC One. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Neil McDermott reveals if he will return as Ryan Malloy after dramatic exit MORE : 25 soap spoilers: Emmerdale Nicky sacked, Coronation Street Stephen destroyed by Carla, EastEnders lives change forever, Hollyoaks arrest