Beyonce fans are beside themselves after Trevor Noah teased a fan favorite performance at this year’s Grammys. The Cuff It musician returned to the spotlight in spectacular form last year, and dropped her Renaissance album on us all – ahead of a newly-announced world tour. She is leading the way at this year’s ceremony, which is being held at the Crypto.com Arena in LA on Sunday, with a whopping nine nominations. Bey has tied with husband Jay-Z for the most nominated artist in history, with pictures emerging online appearing to reveal seating arrangements – showing the pair seated together by the stage. Trevor, who is slated to present the ceremony for a third time, suggested that there are big surprises on the way, including two bombshell performances. ‘I’m not allowed to say anything. But this is what I will say. One of your favorite performers is a woman, and that woman is going to be performing at the Grammys,’ he said in a new interview of the People Every Day podcast. ‘Then one of your other favorite performers is a man, and that man is going to be performing at the Grammys. You’re going, “Oh, but that could be anyone”. ‘But you know it’s not anyone because you’ve been listening to their album the whole year.’ Right on cue, fans were instantly convinced that the host was referring to Beyonce, who unveiled her Renaissance album last year – ahead of a huge world tour kicking off in May. Flocking to social media to discuss his comments, one wrote: ‘Well, you know what that means……BEYONCE!!!!!! #GRAMMYs.’ Another agreed: ‘Probably Beyonce because JAY-Z is performing that night. #GRAMMYs.’ ‘Beyonce please perform ‘Cuff It’ at the Grammys,’ a follower pleaded. As a Twitter user begged the Single Ladies star to appear on stage amid huge demand for her Renaissance tour. ‘Beyonce needs to perform at the Grammys if half of us aren’t going to get a ticket,’ they added. We might have to wait a little longer for confirmation of Bey’s performance, but a string of other famous faces have been announced to sing on the night. Harry Styles will be joined by Sam Smith, Mary J Blige, Lizzo, Bad Bunny and many more at the venue. Cardi B, Viola David, Dwayne Johnson, Shania Twain, James Corden, Olivia Rodrigo, Jill Biden and Billy Crystal are on hand to hand out the awards on the night. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Shaken Lorraine viewers in disbelief over Dr Amir Khan’s giant vagina model: ‘Too much for 9am’ MORE : Mike Tindall explains why he hasn’t spoken to Matt Hancock since I’m A Celebrity amid Whatsapp group drama  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 