Tottenham’s top-four hopes have been dealt a huge blow with skipper Hugo Lloris set to miss around eight weeks with a knee injury, according to reports. The veteran goalkeeper is believed to have sustained ligament damage at the end of Sunday’s 1-0 win over Manchester City, though was able to finish the match and celebrate Harry Kane’s milestone goal which saw him become the club’s all-time top scorer. According to The Telegraph, there were initially fears that the Frenchman could be sidelined for the rest of the season. However, the north London club are hopeful Lloris will be able to make a return in six to eight weeks and will not require surgery at this stage. The 36-year-old received treatment late in the game against City after a challenge before playing on, but scans have since confirmed that he suffered significant damage to the ligaments in his knee. He will now begin a period of recovery and rehabilitation and his progress will be monitored closely, with the possibility of surgery – and therefore an even longer lay-off – not ruled out. Lloris’ absence will see summer signing Fraser Forster come in for an extended spell between the sticks, with the 34-year-old having played just four times previously this season. Forster was in goal on Boxing Day for Spurs’ 2-2 draw with Brentford in the Premier League, their first match back after the World Cup, with Lloris not involved having played in the final just a few days earlier. The English keeper has also started all three of Tottenham’s domestic cup matches, keeping clean sheets against Portsmouth and Preston in the FA Cup but conceding twice against Nottingham Forest as the side exited the Carabao Cup. Lloris’ injury is not necessarily the blow it might have been in seasons past, with the recently retired France skipper having come in for some criticism in a difficult campaign while Spurs have been linked with a summer move for a new number one. Although he impressed at the World Cup – particularly against England – the former Lyon man has conceded 29 goals in 21 appearances in the Premier League this term and made more mistakes leading to goals – as defined by Opta – than any other player. Forster will be in goal for Spurs in their trip to the King Power Stadium to face Leicester City at the weekend before the north London club travel to Milan for their Champions League last-16, first-leg clash with the Italian champions. MORE : Tottenham rule out selling Harry Kane to Premier League rival this year MORE : Rio Ferdinand tells Harry Kane he has to leave Tottenham if he wants to win trophies For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 