Sometimes you know within 10 minutes that a first date is not going to lead to a second. So, wouldn’t it be great to just walk away, guilt-free? Well, if you try micro-dating, you could do just that. You may have heard of micro-dating as a concept for those in established relationships. Usually, a micro-date involves spending as little as 10-minutes reconnecting with your partner, without phones or other distractions. Earlier this month, the Gottman Institute – an organisation which researches relationship dynamics – said spending quick bursts of uninterrupted time with a partner could help hit the relationship reset. And the idea has got us thinking: could this be a way for single people to date, too? Beth Goss, a certified educator from Gottman, the organisation which looked into micro-dates, confirmed newer couples or daters can indeed hop on the micro-dating trend. That might look like asking a new suitor to join you for a (very) quick walk or a coffee. Alternatively, it might be learning a new skill together. Sure, it might sound like a regular date, but the point is there’s no obligation to turn it into a longer activity – as long as you both know what you’re signing up for. And it may be time efficient for those people with busy lives. After all, research suggests we decide if we fancy someone within three seconds. A micro-date should be at least 10 minutes long, according to the Gottman definition, but can then be as long as the participants want. The real key to micro-dating is making sure you’re both on the same page – after all, someone might not want to get all dressed up and travel across the city only to find out it’s a 10-minute conversation. If done right, micro-dating is just like organised speed-dating, but in a new setting without the obligatory hop from table to table. Don’t forget though, if you’re a singleton, there’s no reason to stick to just one person for a micro-date either. You could plan a few different ones and make a day of it (it also means you won’t waste an outfit). Do you have a story you want to share? Email Metrolifestyleteam@metro.co.uk to tell us more. MORE : Why turning off your WhatsApp blue ticks could help your mental health – and improve your dating life MORE : Do you see yourself as the ‘anti-hero’ in your dating life? The majority of young singles do, says study MORE : The ‘Ben stage’ is the TikTok dating trend that’s all about learning lessons