A therapy dog called Parker is helping hundreds of Ukrainian children cope with trauma caused by the conflict. The golden retriever is trained to help identify and deal with stress. He is a welcome distraction for young boys and girls in Ukraine who have been displaced or lost loved ones in the conflict. Parker shows off tricks and even tries to steal cookies during his special therapy sessions. Save the Children has been working with specialist teams to help deliver child-friendly social recreational services in schools and community centres in Ukraine. Parker is one of their most-loved volunteers. Khrystyna and Victoriya, both aged nine and living outside of Kyiv, are among those responding positively to the canine therapy. ‘The dog was showing us his tricks,’ said Khrystyna. ‘For example, how he was trained to sit. He likes cookies. I was interested because my own dog knows only two commands: lie down and sit. It’s very cool when a dog is trained and knows what to do.’ Victoriya said: ‘We were playing with the dog. The way we were playing felt like love from Parker.’ The girls have vivid traumatic memories of the start of Russia’s bombing campaign in Ukraine. Victoriya said: ‘After the war began, my leg started to go numb, that’s all. When there were bombings, my leg hurt a lot and I couldn’t stand on it. ‘It happened when we were bombed and I was sitting on a chair and couldn’t get up. I didn’t know why, as if something was gripping in my leg, I could barely walk.’ Khrystyna said: ‘During the first day, we were sitting in the basement when the bombing started. We spent the night there. ‘The next day we were afraid, of course, but it was good that there was still power and then the light went out and we didn’t know what to do. ‘During the day, with my aunt’s mom, we were playing the game called Battleship, or chess, or drew, or read, or played with the cat.’ Save the Children canine therapy specialist Nataliya said: ‘When we work with traumatised people, the first thing that specialists often encounter is that many people aren’t ready to express themselves. ‘The classic manifestation of children who try to stand out are children who feel more fear or more anger, or more need for attention and when a canine therapist starts working with such children, they change roles.’ The girls are both longing for peace and stability in Ukraine. Khrystyna said: ‘I wish everyone to be peaceful, not to fight, not to quarrel, not to be separated. I also want the war to end. This is the dream and desire of every Ukrainian. ‘I want to go abroad and see what’s there. My grandparents promised me we could go to Egypt in the New Year, but the situation in Ukraine means that it’s impossible; for the new year, I just want the war to end.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.