I was dancing at G-A-Y in London with one of the prettiest women I have ever had the honour of making out with. Her hair was cherry red and bounced as she danced. Her smile beamed in the UV light, and she gave off an effortless rockstar vibe. I felt like I’d won a prize just by spending time with her. But none of that is what made our kiss stay in my memory five years later. I remember it because, afterwards, in the middle of a packed dance floor, she pulled away, looked at me with disappointment, and said: ‘Oh no. You’re straight, aren’t you?’ The question threw me and made me feel like a fraud – calling into question feelings that had been ruminating in my mind for years. How exactly, in the middle of a nightclub literally called G-A-Y, after hours of talking, did she suddenly think I was straight? In a slightly tipsy state, aged 27, I asked: ‘How can you tell?’. She walked away. But my response wasn’t an admission – it was a genuine question. Now, I know I’m queer – but for a long time, no labels seemed to stick. I’ve mostly called myself straight, especially during my teens – but I knew it wasn’t entirely true. It was mainly to fit in. I would happily talk about how hot Ryan Phillippe’s butt looked in Cruel Intentions, but not how watching Selma Blair and Sarah Michelle Gellar making out made me feel tingles. Lying by omission is the easiest thing in the world – especially if you don’t know the right answer yourself. But the turning point for me was when I was around 17, and watched Kevin Smith’s Chasing Amy for the first time. A massive penny dropped for me in the space of one scene. After out and proud lesbian Alyssa (Joey Lauren Adams) has sex with Holden (Ben Affleck), the pair lie tangled in bed, and Holden questions why he was an ‘exception’ to her. She tells him: ‘The way the world is, how seldom it is that you meet that one person who just gets you – it’s so rare. My parents didn’t really have it. There were no examples set for me in the world of male-female relationships, and to cut oneself off from finding that person, to immediately halve your options by eliminating the possibility of finding that one person within your own gender? That just seemed stupid to me. So I didn’t.’ I cannot tell you if Chasing Amy has stood the test of time since its 1997 release. I’d say probably not, particularly as it erases the concept of bisexuality or variations thereof. But it’s stayed with me ever since, and remains one of the clearest definitions of my sexuality. I want to fall hopelessly, head-over-heels in love with someone – I don’t particularly care what package they come in. So since then, I knew I wasn’t straight, but I also knew I wasn’t a lesbian. So what did that make me? More importantly: did it really matter? Apparently so. A few months ago, someone asked me flat out what my sexuality was. I spun into a panic, not knowing the right answer, so ultimately responded with a jokey: ‘I’m flexitarian, darling’. Other times, I’ve told people what I thought they wanted to hear – the easiest answer to end the conversation. It was never 100% correct. When it came to socialising and nights out, I felt most comfortable among LGBTQ+ friends. Straight clubs are largely insufferable to me. I’ve had friends dive in to save me from men who didn’t like being turned down so, eventually, I stopped going. But at the same time, I rarely felt ‘gay enough’ to belong at gay clubs. When hen-dos and straight girl groups turned up, I would hear friends and strangers in smoking areas discuss straight people ‘invading their space’. My brain told me they were talking about me – like I didn’t deserve to be there. So I stopped going to those, too. Dating apps were a nightmare, too. I panicked when I spoke to anyone I liked, with every interaction making me feel like a fraud. I felt like I would be seen as a straight girl dipping her toe in gay waters; a lesbian who just didn’t know it yet because she couldn’t connect with guys, or a voyeur chatting to non-binary and trans people without a clue of their personal struggles as she was so transfixed with her own. I felt I needed a label in order to find my tribe, find love, and to know a part of my identity that everyone else seemed to know automatically. Yet nothing sat right. I felt like I was broken. Bisexuality has obviously always existed, but especially during my formative years, it was often considered ‘en route to full gay’ or ‘done only to turn on the guys you actually wanted to sleep with’. Even now, bisexual feels too restrictive a term – I’m willing to fall in love with anyone, and the world is not set in a binary. So I ruled it out. Asexual (not being romantically or sexually attracted to anyone) was a term I considered for a while, but soon realised it wasn’t right, as attraction was present. But then pansexual (being sexually or romantically attracted to someone, regardless of gender) felt too broad. I’ve never really known why, perhaps because I felt it had some edge more towards sexual preference, when sex wasn’t the thing that interested me. Overall, labels terrified me, and I worried once I declared who I was, there would be no going back – no way to put the toothpaste back in the tube. If I was to change my mind, people would think I ‘had a phase’ or did it for attention. So, with no definition seeming to fit, I stayed lost and confused for a long time. It was extremely lonely. But since the reclamation by the LGBTQ+ community of the word queer, suddenly something in my head clicked when, at the grand old age of 30, I started to realise this was who I really was. It took a while for me to think it over, much like I have with every other label I’ve considered, but suddenly I feel comfortable in a way I’ve never felt before. Queer is such a powerful and all-encompassing term that doesn’t need to be defined. It covers everyone – from those who know their sexuality with 100% clarity, to those still trying to figure it out. Either way, it doesn’t matter, you’re part of the club. I find a lot of strength in that. It’s become an umbrella label I now take shelter under comfortably, if only to get out of the rain. It’s also finally given me a place among a community I love, and feel like I finally deserve to be a part of. Now if someone asks me, I know what to say – besides my ultimate true instinct, which is to say: ‘none of your business’. Labels are not at all necessary if you don’t want them. In fact, I actively encourage people to define themselves on their own terms. You’re still figuring yourself out? Welcome to the club, honey. It’s OK to not find this easy, but know you’re not the only person feeling this way. Heck, it took me 32 years to even begin to figure it out. I think I’m getting there now though. So: to the girl in the nightclub, I have your answer now. I’m Tilly, and I’m proudly queer. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Fat queer people like me are told to hate our bodies – Sam Smith’s video is a ray of light MORE : Nine places to learn about LGBTQ+ history in the UK MORE : My Policeman is yet another film about how awful it was to be queer – we don’t need it