Martin Lewis has given Londoners advice on how to get their water company to help them reduce their bills. The money-saving expert was invited by city mayor Sadiq Khan to speak about how those in the capital can get through the cost of living crisis. Mr Lewis explained that some would be better off paying their water bill based on meter readings rather than a fixed rate. In general, ‘if you have less people than bedrooms, then a water meter is good for you’, he said. This is because a fixed bill would be calculated based on the value of a property which would be, in part, determined by the number of bedrooms it has. Mr Lewis gave an example: ‘If you have a six-bedroom house and you live it by yourself, you’re going to be paying far more than you would on a water meter’ (which calculates charges based on usage). But many Londoners who live in flats may struggle to switch to a water meter – because companies only have to install one if it’s able to be done successfully. Given the way flats are built, with multiple units in single buildings, many companies would deem using a water meter not ‘practicable’. However, people living in flats can ask for an assessed charge of water meters. Mr Lewis said: ‘If you can’t have a water meter fitted, you can ask the water company to assess what the likely charge would have been if you had had a water meter fitted ‘And if your assessed charge is lower than your water bill, you can simply move to an assessed charge – it will still be a fixed rate meter but you can move to the lower charge. ‘And then you’ve got a choice between two rates.’ He joked at the end: ‘And my top tip, pick the cheaper one’. The advice will be welcome to many struggling with how expensive everything has become over the last few months. Just today, the Bank of England confirmed it will hike interest rates for the 10th time in a row in a bid to tackle high inflation. Borrowing costs are rising to 4%, from the current rate of 3.5%, putting the fear of god into homeowners already struggling with their mortgages. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.