As the weather turns icy, it’s no surprise we’re all dreaming of sunshine, sandy toes and seaside margaritas. But if you’re not sure where you want to book those all important flights too, you’re in luck. Tripadvisor has released it’s roundup of the best beaches in the world for 2023, ranking the best spots across the globe. And if your budget doesn’t stretch to a long haul destination, they’ve revealed the top 10 European beaches too. So without further ado, snatching the top spot for the world’s best beach is Baia do Sancho, located on the volcanic island of Fernando de Noronha. Nestled over 200 miles off the coast of Brazil, with a time zone just two hours behind the UK, it’s an ideal location that won’t leave you feeling too jet-lagged. You can even take advantage of remote working and take a ‘hush trip’ to the beach – after all you’ll barely need to change your hours. Eagle Beach in Aruba, comes in hot at number two in the world. It’s actually one of two Caribbean beaches to make it into the top 10.  And if you’re up for jetting to the other side of the world, Cable Beach in Western Australia finished up the top three in the third place. The beach that ranked at number four in the world has also stolen the number one beach spot in Europe. It’s none other than Reynisfjara Beach in Vik, Iceland. While it might not be the place to top up your tan in a bikini, it has a lot to offer. With its world famous black sands and imposing rock formations towering over the shore, it’s easily recognisable as a striking backdrop from Game of Thrones. But with waves of up to 130 feet and freezing waters, this is a beach best admired from the safety of the coast. If you want a beach where you can lay back and relax then Praia de Falesia in Albufiera, Portugal is just the ticket, which has earned the title of second best European beach. Next at number three for European beaches is the Sicilian Spiaggia dei Conigli, which also ranks at number seven in the world. Spain secured an impressive three spots in the European top 10, with La Concha Beach in San Sebastian at number four, Playa de Muro in Majorca named number five and Fuerteventura beach, Sotavento, on the Canary Islands, crowned number nine. Fancy a staycation? Well, while there are no UK beaches in the list, you’ll be pleased to know the UK only narrowly missed out on a top 10 spot. Gorleston-on-Sea, Norfolk, is the highest ranking British beach at number 12 in Europe’s rankings. Weymouth, located on the heart of the Jurassic Coast, climbed five spots this year to secure 14th place in Europe, followed by surf hot-spot Fistral Beach, Newquay, which re-entered the list this year at number 22. Send us a postcard when you get there. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘I cried more doing comedy than I did in therapy’: Man who had anorexia for a decade launches comedy course to help others MORE : This seaside town has been crowned the UK’s ‘cheapest staycation spot’ MORE : I tried a hypnotherapy gym class and haven’t missed a workout since