A woman was banned from entering her local village hall for asking whether it should become a ‘warm space’ for struggling families. Communities are opening an increasing number of warm spaces – heated public rooms for people with cold homes – this winter amid the cost-of-living crisis. Cheryl Agg, a parish councillor who lives in Woodmancote, Gloucestershire, suggested the hall could become such a space in a November Facebook post. ‘It would be interesting to hear if residents would like to use Woodmacote Village Hall as a warm space this winter?’ she said. She pointed out that grants to turn the hall into a ‘free, welcoming space where residents can go if they are in need’ were available from Tewkesbury Borough Council. But she was stunned to discover that the village hall committee held a ‘kangaroo court’ that ended with her being banned from the grounds. ‘It came out of the blue – it was a complete surprise. We are a community,’ she said of the ‘code of conduct hearing’. ‘I don’t understand.’ Under the committee’s ban, Agg cannot attend any events held at the hall, including social gatherings such as birthday parties, for three months. The only exception to the rule is attending parish council meetings at the hall, which the council owns and leases to the Village Hall Committee. In a letter to Agg about her ban, committee members said they were ‘shocked’ by Agg’s Facebook post. Members asked for a debate over her ‘recent conduct and activities’ to be added to a meeting agenda on December 17. ‘This was quite a surprise, indeed a shock, to many of us as none of us were aware of any contact to ascertain whether the premises were indeed a suitable place under this scheme,’ the letter read. ‘When the warm spaces scheme was made known to us, we had discussed it briefly amongst ourselves and we immediately saw that the village hall was not, nor could be, suitable in its current form.’ The committee said that as much as it supports the warm spaces scheme, the village hall is not an ‘appropriate place’ for it. ‘Our principle issue with this post is that it is likely to potentially cause harm to frail villagers who are in need of support,’ the letter added. ‘It is also likely to bring the village hall, the village hall committee and indeed the parish council into disrepute when it is found not to be open to them. ‘It is likely to cause a lot of anger and possibly serious reactions against the village hall building, the village hall committee and most likely adverse comments to yourself.’ The committee unanimously voted to impose the three-month-long ban. Agg, who is not a committee member, said: ‘I find it rather divisive. To be honest, I’m not speaking out about this for me. ‘It’s for any other poor soul who gets caught up in this. You might not be able to take your grandchild to the recreation ground or you might not be able to go and watch them playing cricket on a Sunday in the summer. ‘It’s so divisive and I don’t understand what it is they want to achieve.’ More than 16.4 million people will experience fuel poverty this winter – meaning they are unable to afford to heat their homes to an adequate temperature – according to the campaign group End Fuel Poverty Coalition. This is more than double the number of people struggling to keep their homes warm in 2020, a figure expected to rise as fuel costs soar. Low-income families, who spend a larger share of their money on essentials like food and energy, are being disproportionately hit by months of double-digit inflation, said Simon Francis, co-ordinator of the End Fuel Poverty Coalition. Francis told Metro.co.uk: ‘The sad reality of life is that people are increasingly turning to charities and public spaces to try and keep warm. ‘If people are unable to stay warm this winter, it leads to complications with health issues with those who are elderly or have heart and lung conditions particularly badly affected. ‘Asking public buildings to support warm spaces can help offset the impact of living in fuel poverty and provide welcome respite to those families who are struggling.’ Francis stressed, however, that many village halls are also struggling to pay spiralling fuel costs. ‘This is why some local authorities have introduced schemes to help village halls run warm spaces,’ he added, ‘but more support for these spaces from the central Government will always be welcome.’ Metro.co.uk contacted Woodmancote Parish Council for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.