From ‘fear of missing out’ to gaming ‘obsessions’, a new report has highlighted the many problems still facing children in the Internet Age. Being online has a significant impact on the lives of young people, playing a major role in shaping their behaviour and experiences. Charity Internet Matters has now released the findings of a dedicated report which tracked children’s wellbeing in a digital world. It found negative effects on social wellbeing are particularly felt by girls aged 9-10. The number of those surveyed who felt a ‘fear of missing out’ – more commonly known as FOMO – doubled since last year. Findings from the report show that 45% of this age group now say they stay up late on digital devices (compared to 26% last year) and 49% say they repeat watch programmes or play computer games even though they aren’t enjoying them (compared to 34% last year). In terms of body image and self-esteem, one in 10 also say that being online makes them worried about their body shape or size and 13% say it makes them jealous of other people. It’s a situation many families relate to. Rebecca and Jonathan Fisher live in Norfolk with their children Elsa, 8, Cleo, 5, and Brody, 3. The couple say their eldest daughter is anxious about feeling left out online and how too much screen time has impacted her sleep and wellbeing. Rebecca said: ‘All the kids Elsa’s age at school are connected online, mostly through gaming platforms, so I feel like I have to allow her to join in or else she’d be the odd one out. ‘Many of her peers get their parents to buy additional features and add-ons to their games, which then creates even more of a sense of being left out for the ones that don’t have them. ‘It’s really difficult because I don’t want her to fall behind socially, but I also don’t want it to take over her life. We’ve already spent about £50 on her games, and I don’t want it to become the norm.’ She added: ‘Elsa has seen us on our phones in bed since she was a baby, so it’s a challenge to explain why she shouldn’t do it herself.’ Rebecca has found that many other parents are experiencing the same issues with their children, but she says that having open conversations can help. As children are now back in school full-time, Internet Matters found that their technology use appears to have been shifted later into the evening, which in turn is impacting their sleep. In comparison, of the positive improvements reported in the report – titled the Children’s Wellbeing in a Digital World Index – the most significant was the emotional wellbeing of boys. Of this group, over 50% less in 2023 say they worry about saying something wrong online (15% compared to 34% last year), and two thirds less say they worry about what people think of them online (7% compared to 21% last year). This points to boys of this age being more confident year on year in their online interactions and less worried about how they are perceived by others. The previous 2022 Index also demonstrated how vulnerable young people were experiencing more of the negative impacts of being online. This includes children with special educational needs, physical disabilities, and mental health concerns. Child psychologist and Internet Matters ambassador Dr Linda Papadopoulos says parents should be made more aware of the psychological impacts the digital world has on their children. She said: ‘This Index once again highlights how important it is for parents to support their children as they navigate the digital world. ‘Tech is becoming a larger part of families lives and there is no sign that this is going to change but parents, carers and professionals supporting young people admit that they struggle to keep up. ‘There needs to be additional support to facilitate open and honest conversations with children in order to improve their wellbeing online.’ In households where children and parents say they often talk to each other about things that are important to them, children experience more positive and fewer negative effects on their wellbeing, the Index found. This again points to the positive role that having meaningful conversations has for children in relation to their digital life. Carolyn Bunting, CEO at Internet Matters, said: ‘The online world is rapidly changing and now, more than ever, it is vital to understand the influence of technology on children’s wellbeing, and to assess both the positives and negatives arising from the ways they use and interact with the online world. ‘What parents do matter, and so the clear priority must be on ensuring they have the skills, knowledge and support needed. ‘These findings will continue to provide valuable insight to help us provide the most up-to-date and effective advice for parents and carers to help them best manage and support their children towards positive outcomes from their online lives.’ For more about Internet Matters ‘Children’s Wellbeing in a Digital World Index’ and information on how to keep your children safe online and step by step guides, visit internetmatters.org Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.