Tommy Lee has shared another photo of his genitals, this time trying to grab the attention of American snack company Planters, which is fronted by a mascot known as Mr Peanut. We know, it’s all a bit much for a Thursday morning and people aren’t particularly pleased about the image appearing in their timelines. Beneath the Motley Crue drummer’s Twitter post, comments like: ‘Why,’ ‘Wtf’ and ‘Ewww’ quickly piled up. Another social media user begged: ‘Please tell me this is fake.’ Tommy, 60, captioned the X-rated image: ‘Hey @MrPeanut let’s collab!… I’ll bring the NUTZ!!!!’ Perhaps Tommy is looking to score a Mr Peanut voiceover gig, with the character being voiced by the likes of Robert Downey Jr and Bill Hader in the past. Back in August, the star once again shocked his social media followers when he posted a full-frontal nude on Instagram. A photograph of Tommy’s genitals appeared on his social media page alongside the caption: ‘Ooooopppsss.’ In other Tommy-related news that we promise has absolutely nothing to do with his nether regions, his wife Brittany Furlan recently hit back at ‘mean comments’ in the wake of Pamela Anderson’s Netflix documentary. Last week the former Baywatch star’s Netflix documentary Pamela, a Love Story was released, as well as her memoir of the same name. In the documentary she spoke about her sadness that she wasn’t able to make it work with the father of her children and that she would now ‘rather be alone’. Admitting that it was likely her comments about her ex would ‘annoy’ his wife of nearly four years, Pamela, 55, said she loved Tommy ‘in a way like I’ve never loved anybody else’. Now Brittany, 36, has spoken out about what she said had been ‘mean’ comments directed at her relationship. In a TikTok video, Brittany said that she didn’t ‘sweat’ the criticism. ‘I just wanted to come on here and let you know I’m OK because I know people have been checking on me, which is really nice, and I’m good, don’t worry,’ the former Vine star said. ‘Don’t worry about the people that are saying all the mean things they’re saying. I don’t live in that world, so please don’t stress.’ She continued: ‘Thank you to the people who have been so sweet. We’re only here for a certain amount of time, so I don’t sweat the comments from people that don’t know me or my relationship or anything like that.’ Brittany also said she ‘loves everyone that’s been really kind’, before adding that she was ‘sending love to those who have been unkind, because I think they probably need it’. Then speaking about her ‘loving’ husband, she said that Tommy had been laughing it all off and ‘couldn’t care less’. ‘So, don’t worry about anything and thank you to everyone that’s been sticking up for me…I leave my comments open, if you feel like you wanna get it out and say something mean to me, go ahead, please.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Planters and Tommy for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders icon Tamzin Outhwaite reunited with former co-star and on-screen love rival Deborah Sheridan-Taylor MORE : Dumped Love Island star Zara Lackenby-Brown ‘disappointed’ in Lana Jenkins for going back to Ron Hall  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 