The world of dating is pretty brutal right now. After all, even if a date wasn’t a total disaster, it probably considerably drained your bank account. Even just going for a cocktail or two can cost upward of £20 and that’s not to mention the price of getting to the chosen bar or restaurant. And as the cost-of-living crisis shows no signs of easing up, our spending money pot is getting ever smaller. In fact, a whopping 58% of singles are opting for daytime dates to dodge £7 pints and swanky dinners, according to new research by Badoo. What’s more, 45% reveal they prefer to date in the day because there’s less pressure to drink – primarily because drinking is so expensive. Being more intentional with how we spend our money is a priority for many this year, and making the most of the daytime to date could help. Kate Mansfield, a dating and relationship coach, says: ‘Daytime dates are often more casual and don’t have to last so long – helping you to date at your own pace, without feeling pressured to commit to an entire evening. ‘Sober dating can also be a great idea, not only to save money but also to make a clear-headed decision about the other person. ‘Alcohol can sometimes lead to lapsed judgement and you might risk rushing into something that you later regret.’ Dating during the day to save money also allows daters to make the most of a flexible working day – now many aren’t in the office. Around 47% admitted to enjoying mid-week breakfast, lunch, and coffee dates. In fact, a third of singles have or would invite a date to join them while working remotely, and another 27% have or would bring their laptop out on a date, just in case they stay over, and they can work remotely from their date’s place the next day. Kate said: ‘Remote working has revolutionised the dating world. More singles are taking advantage of flexible working to schedule dates over lunch or even work together during the day, which is a great way to squeeze in extra time with that special someone. ‘Working side by side with a date also enables you to gain some insight into their communication style, helping you to better understand and empathise with each other and establish deeper connections.’ Chris Oatway, 30, from Lancashire, said that he consciously decided to begin dating in a cost-effective way. He said: ‘I decided to consciously find ways of spending little-to-no money on dates by going on walks after work, to a discounted theatre show or cheap cinema, doing things during the week rather than the weekend or staying in watching a film or similar. ‘After all it’s about the person and their personality, right? ‘Bars, meals and cocktails are increasingly expensive unless there’s an offer or deal on and those are usually early evening or at lunchtimes. ‘I don’t drink much but it’s nice to get a deal and it’s easier to build a connection and talk without loud crowds and groups of people around you in a busy restaurant or club on a Friday/Saturday night.’ Chris also considers the cost of getting to a meeting point for a date. ‘If they are in another city or in the centre, I try to negotiate meeting at a half way point,’ he said. By doing so, Chris reckons he has saved, on average, around £80 a month by not going out for weekend or evening meals – or for drinks and a night out. Adopting a ‘daylight saving’ approach could be what every dating single needs in order to keep up their search for romance. This comes as research by AquaCard found that 23% of UK singles plan to stop dating altogether due to the rising cost of living. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : People with these personality traits lead healthier, happier lives MORE : Where to go on holiday to make your money go further, from Albania to Sri Lanka MORE : How to nail savoury porridge – a tasty and cheaper alternative to overnight oats