On February 11, Mercury moves into the sign of Aquarius. Mercury rules over travel, commerce and communication and Aquarius is very much a free spirit, a radical thinker, and a truthful voice. This could be a transit that unlocks your self-expression, that makes you want to say what’s really on your mind, and perhaps sparks an unusual, unexpected, and surprising conversation or dialogue that has game changing potential. After all, a lot of action revolves around our interactions with others. Let the tarot guide you towards what kind of conversation, or with whom, you need to have… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for Mercury in Aquarius: Nine of Wands Meaning: Someone who you’ve kind of dreaded dealing with, updating, sharing or collaborating with. Could be a Fire sign (Aries, Leo, Sagittarius), but they are a bit prickly or unpredictable and you worry how this chat will go. Spoiler – it will go a lot better than you think (they’re nervous too) and the sooner you talk it out, the sooner things will return to normal and you can stop fretting about this and building it up. Go talk. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for Mercury in Aquarius: Six of Cups Meaning: Someone from your past (maybe an ex, a childhood friend, an old boss or teacher, or long lost family member) is going to show up out of the blue and catch you by surprise! They have missed you, regret losing touch, and want to rekindle things. Should you? Probably yes, this is someone you once held great affection for. You should definitely hear them out and meet up, see how you feel then. This could be a magical reunion. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for Mercury in Aquarius: Three of Cups Meaning: You have a wonderful idea about a way to socialise, relax, have fun, really indulge in a treat but you need a partner in crime to do it with. The Three of Cups urges you to go talk to your loved ones and buddies about this idea right now because one of them can turn up the volume on not only making it even more fun, but also how to get it going and make it happen. You’ve had the spark, let them ignite it fully. Take your wacky idea on a road trip and get input. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for Mercury in Aquarius: Four of Wands Meaning: A conversation at work about where you’re at, your position and place, and where you’d love to head, live and work will lead to an unexpected opportunity. Someone can provide a leg up or fast track to the place (location and role) that you truly desire to be at. If you don’t ask, you don’t get. So, lean in and start sharing your ideals. The Four of Wands show you could be on the move pretty soon. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for Mercury in Aquarius: The Hanged Man Meaning: Someone has a solution to a longstanding or deep-rooted limbo or problem that has blocked your progress or ambition. It’s someone unexpected. It might even be the person you project the ‘blame’ for this blockage upon. The Hanged Man asks you to sacrifice your ego and admit you are struggling here, and admit it to someone you probably don’t want to! Surprisingly, they can unlock the next step that will get you up, out and through this crossroads. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for Mercury in Aquarius: Queen of Coins Meaning: You could do with some direct, practical, valuable, and actionable advice right now on something related to your health, wealth, or home. The Queen of Coins asks you to think the unthinkable (!) and ask for help! Virgo, you can’t do it all alone. Seek professional advice, mentoring, coaching or guidance and be amazed at how fast your issues can be resolved or managed. You need outside input. Someone shrewd, wise and experienced. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for Mercury in Aquarius: Ace of Coins Meaning: You need an organiser, a planner, a source of help for time-mapping out your plans and ambitions in either your home improvement/move, career, health, or financial realm. The Ace of Coins shows you are planning on making a fresh start in one of these areas and it’s a long term thing. You struggle getting motivated when things seem too big or far away, so get help in breaking it all down and filtering it into smaller steps. This conversation will unlock this project’s success! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for Mercury in Aquarius: The Lovers Meaning: I don’t mean to be nosy, but are you in some kind of love triangle or ‘three’s a crowd’ scenario? The Lovers hints at conflicting feelings, head vs heart decisions, temptations and distractions from our usual course or foundation. Talk about it, Scorpio. Get these feelings out in the open (with someone you trust deeply, who won’t judge). Surprisingly, when you say it out loud, it won’t seem as confusing or difficult. You might even realise what (or who) it is that you truly do want. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for Mercury in Aquarius: Page of Wands Meaning: Talk to someone in your realm who is younger (maybe even a child), creative, lively, a bit chaotic, and always on the move, doing something. Tell them the things you’re interested in trying but have not yet actioned, for whatever reason. This carefree person will give you some wisdom that will motivate you to really get stuck in and manifest your ideas and dreams. Sometimes the best advice can come from the youngest, most cavalier person we know! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for Mercury in Aquarius: Page of Cups Meaning: This Page of Cups is a prompt to go down Memory Lane and share some stories about your childhood, specifically the people, places, or activities you once loved (and may have forgotten). Start with the photo albums, and then let your mind wander, and then share these stories. This dialogue will lead to a creative, magical, and warm idea about something you could reactivate right now in your life, that will bring joy and peace. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for Mercury in Aquarius: The Empress Meaning: Open your heart and pour it all out, everything you feel right now and everything you hope for in your relationship landscape (covering friendships, partner, family, children, pets, colleagues). The Empress is Venus, the goddess of love. She is caring, nurturing, loving. She wants the best for you in your relationships and she knows you need to share your hopes, fears and experiences here. Someone can really connect with you, help you, guide you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for Mercury in Aquarius: Eight of Swords Meaning: Patterns are necessary in life, auto pilots and well-worn grooves make life run smoothly, quickly, and efficiently. However, they are all also traps and constraints. They stop us learning new things, experiencing different dynamics or energies. The Eight of Swords asks you to consciously, deliberately, and forcefully be different with people right now. Change the mood, dynamic, aura, and tone. See what happens. Not in a horrible way, just in a different way. This will prove to be an illuminating experiment, teaching you a lot about your relationships. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s Aquarius season tarot horoscope – be a world fixer MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023