Megan Fox had the best response to rumours of Machine Gun Kelly being unfaithful. The actress sparked speculation that she and the rapper had gone their separate ways on Sunday, when she deleted all traces of him from her Instagram feed, leaving just one photo remaining from 2021. Megan, 36, also unfollowed her husband-to-be – real name Colson Baker – but instead started following Harry Styles, Timothee Chalemet, and Eminem, who has had beef with MGK in the past. What’s more, she shared a series of stunning selfies, followed by a snap of a burning letter, with lyrics to Beyoncé’s Pray You Can Catch Me, the opening track from her 2016 Lemonade album, which tells of husband Jay-Z’s alleged infidelity. ‘You can taste the dishonesty/ it’s all over your breath’, Megan wrote on Insta. While the Jennifer’s Body star hasn’t directly addressed the situation, that didn’t stop her millions of followers from speculating, with some believing MGK, 32, cheated with their mutual friend. ‘He probably got with Sophie’, one person commented under Megan’s recent post. Adding fuel to the fire, though, the Transformers star responded with a seriously sassy comeback. Megan – who is openly bisexual – replied: ‘maybe I got with Sophie 🔥’. It’s safe to say fans were living for the subtle burn, with one commenting back: ‘our bi queen 👑💕’ Another wrote: ‘ya don’t clap @meganfox she. Will. Clap. Back.’ Megan has since deleted her Instagram account completely, with her profile not appearing when searched for. The movie star and MGK got tother after meeting in 2020, on set for movie Midnight In The Switchgrass. They were spotted spending time together in May that year after Megan’s ex-husband Brian Austin Green confirmed they had split after 10 years of marriage. They then got engaged in 2022, after MGK popped the question and Megan showed off her eye-popping ring on social media, writing in part: ‘Somehow a year and a half later, having walked through hell together, and having laughed more than I ever imagined possible, he asked me to marry him.’ Fans were left slightly uncomfortable, though, as the musician confirmed the band he designed included two thorns, which would hurt if the ring were removed. Metro.co.uk has contacted Megan Fox and MGK’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vanessa Feltz’s cheating ex-fiancé Ben Ofoedu insists he’s homeless after being kicked out of home they shared MORE : Halle Berry falls flat on face at charity bash but recovers like a pro before warning people not to share footage  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 