An ‘invisible’ home made entirely of glass has hit the market at $18million (approx. £14.9million). Nestled in Joshua Tree, California, the unique home appears to be at one with the surrounding nature. It looks like a mirrored box reflecting back the surrounding desert scenery – blending seamlessly into the landscape. It’s actually due to heat-reflecting Solarcool glass, which gives the home its unique look and keeps the interiors temperate, despite the harsh desert weather, and filters out harmful UV rays. Sitting on 67 acres of land, the box-shaped home offers 5,500 sq feet of interior space. The glass walls open on three sides for a novel take on the indoor-outdoor living concept – you’ll feel perfectly at one with nature. Inside, there’s a 100-foot heated indoor swimming pool, capped by a 224-square-foot projection wall that’s perfect for screening films. The home’s three large bedrooms each have an en suite bathroom. The primary suite is equipped with a giant glass bed frame and features a holiday resort-inspired bath with a soaking tub, floating vanities, and a rain shower. Elsewhere in the property, there’s a lighting system that creates radiant ambient lighting with different colours to fit the mood. Meanwhile, an eco-friendly foam roof and solar-electric system help make the house more sustainable. The home design was commissioned by film producers Chris and Roberta Hanley – known for American Psycho and The Virgin Suicides – and was created by architect Tomas Orsinski. It was reportedly inspired by sci-fi classic 2001: A Space Odyssey. With cameos in numerous film projects and a feature on Netflix’s The World’s Most Amazing Vacation Rentals, the home has been available as both a film location and a luxury Airbnb stay with a per-night price of $2,500 [£2,073.91] But now it’s up for sale, and is bordered by national parkland and a gated tortoise reserve while being only 10 minutes from Joshua Tree’s downtown. The property is currently available with Aaron Kirman and Matt Adamo of AKG | Christie’s International Real Estate. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY fans spend just £3,000 and add £70,000 to their property’s value MORE : Seven ‘home improvements’ that are actually devaluing your property