WWE Hall of Famer Jerry ‘The King’ Lawler has reportedly been rushed to hospital following a medical episode. The 73-year-old wrestler legend, who has also appeared for WWE a lot over the years as a commentator and Kickoff show panelist among other roles, is said to have been taken ill at his Florida condo on Monday (February 6). As reported by PWInsider, Lawler was out for lunch with friends earlier in the day. According to local outlet Action News 5, the Memphis wrestling legend is recovering from surgery after suffering a stroke at his home in Fort Myers, Florida. He previously suffered a stroke in 2018, and six years earlier suffered a heart attack live on air during a WWE Raw event. He most recently appeared on Raw XXX to celebrate the show’s 30th anniversary. A number of stars have taken to social media to share their thoughts and prayers for Lawler following the news, including Rock N’ Roll Express legend Ricky Morton. He said: ‘I hope my friend is going to okay. Love you, Jerry.’ And fellow Hall of Famer Ric Flair shared a photo of them together and added: ‘We Are Praying For You @JerryLawler!’ As of yet, neither Lawler, his family nor WWE have commented publicly on the incident or his condition. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 