Mischa Barton has claimed she was told to sleep with Leonardo DiCaprio in order to further her career when she was a teenager. The actress, now 37, was at the peak of her career in the mid-noughties as she starred in the massively successful drama The OC. And, she says, when she was 19 she was told that if she wanted to take her career to the next level, she should sleep with Titanic star Leo. The Hills actor Mischa made the comments in a 2005 interview which has now resurfaced amid rumours Leo, 48, is dating 19-year-old model Eden Polani after the pair were spotted together earlier this month. However a source close to Leo vehemently denied the pair are an item, saying there is ‘absolutely no truth’ to the rumours. In the 2005 interview, given to outlet Harpers & Queen at the height of The OC’s popularity, Mischa recalled seeing a then-30-year-old Leo at a photoshoot with her then-publicist Craig Schneider. She claimed that Craig had told her: ‘For the sake of your career, go and sleep with that man.’ However Mischa told the outlet she wasn’t interested in older men, asking: ‘Isn’t Leo like 30 or something?’ Oscar-winner Leo has previously dated several women decades younger than him, with his six-year relationship with Camila Morrone coming to an end shortly after her 25th birthday last year. He was then linked to supermodel Gigi Hadid, 27, and later actress Victoria Lamas, 23. His previous girlfriends include Danish model Nina Agdal, 24 when they dated in 2016, and Sports Illustrated model Kelly Rohrbach, then 25 during their 2015 relationship. In January, social media was set alight when Leo was spotted with teenage model Eden, the pair sitting together at the album launch party for singer Ebony Riley, also known as Riley Montana. Rumours began flying that the pair were an item, however a source close to Leo quickly shut down the speculation, telling Metro.co.uk: ‘There is absolutely no truth to this. ‘We don’t date everyone we are in a photo with.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is model Eden Polani, 19, the woman at centre of Leonardo DiCaprio, 48, romance rumours? MORE : Leonardo DiCaprio’s smooth dance moves go viral as he’s spotted partying at star-studded bash  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 