Britney Spears has warned fans not to call the police on her if she ever deletes her Instagram again. The musician, 41, has been having a difficult time in recent weeks, having furiously railed against rumours her husband and inner circle had been planning an intervention for her. Britney, who was freed from a 13-year conservatorship last year, also claimed to have had the police called to her house by concerned fans after she temporarily deleted her Instagram account. The star has not been seen out and about too regularly since being free from the controversial arrangement, preferring to spend time at home, however in recent days has been seen out to restaurants and visiting her ‘favourite tree’ with friends and husband Sam Asghari. Now the Toxic singer has shared a video to Instagram of her showing off a new outfit – and warning fans not to overstep boundaries. In the clip, posted on Tuesday, Britney speaks in what appears to be an Australian accent as she happily holds up a sparkling pink dress to the camera. ‘Okay, great news… last week I made a dress… my girlfriend helped me sew it,’ she began. ‘They sent me a dress I didn’t have to make myself! It’s pink, I can’t believe it.’ Brit then filmed herself showing off the dress from different angles, though did not put it on, and thanked the company who sent it to her while grinning broadly. In the middle of this, she added, still in an Australian accent: ‘Guys, I want you to know if I shut down my Instagram do not call the cops.’ Britney then ran across the room declaring: ‘Don’t ever be a rollercoaster.’ It comes after the star assured Twitter followers she was ‘alive and well’ in January after deleting her Instagram, pleading for fans to respect her privacy. It was revealed that deputies from the Ventura County Sheriff’s Office arrived at her home to check how she was doing following her social media blackout, with some fans requesting the move. Amid reports claiming that she was ‘annoyed’ and ‘angry’ by the intrusion, the Toxic singer posted a message on Twitter, sharing her thoughts on the incident. ‘As everyone knows the police were called to my home based on some prank phone calls,’ she began. ‘I love and adore my fans but this time things went a little too far and my privacy was invaded. ‘The police never entered my home and when they came to my gate they quickly realized that there was no issues and left immediately. ‘This felt like I was being gaslit and bullied once the incident made it to the news and being portrayed once again in a poor and unfair light by the media.’ ‘During this time in my life, I truly hope the public and my fans who I care so much about can respect my privacy moving forward. All the love, B,’ she concluded the post. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears seen on rare outing as she visits her ‘favourite tree’ MORE : Britney Spears and husband Sam Asghari share sweet tributes on first Valentine’s as married couple  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 