The grandson of a Holocaust survivor says he was left horrified after spotting the Diary of Anne’s Frank in the ‘fiction’ section of a library. Other books nearby had included Last Stop Auschwitz by Eddy de Wind, The Librarian of Auschwitz by Antonio Iturbe and The Liberation of the Camps by Dan Stone. When Sebastian – who did not wish to provide his surname – asked a member of staff to ‘be more sensitive’ he claims she ‘rolled her eyes’ and removed the fiction label. His granddad was the only one of six siblings to survive the Holocaust. Sebastian said the issue, at Andover Library, was ‘upsetting’ to people like him of Jewish heritage. He said: ‘We go to the library all the time. ‘Inside we saw a row of different displays and the big one was the Holocaust Memorial. And they were kept in the fiction section. ‘It was next to nursery rhymes, fairy tales and other made up stuff. My wife was upset and I was quite cross. ‘I remember when I was young in the 1980s, I was sitting on his lap and he had numbers tattooed on his arm. He is 89 now, but he still lives with memories of the Holocaust and losing all his siblings. ‘So it was quite upsetting to see the books in the fiction section.’ He said the library ‘should know better than this’. A spokesperson for Hampshire County Council, which runs the library, said: ‘Andover Library marked this year’s Holocaust Memorial Day with a collection of non-fiction and fiction books that were displayed in a prominent area of the library. ‘This meant non-fiction books were moved to shelving that is frequently used for both non-fiction and fiction displays. ‘The positioning of the collection was well-intentioned to draw attention to this important commemorative event, however, we are sorry that the shelf label on this occasion was not updated accordingly. ‘Our local team did act promptly to rectify the error when it was brought to their attention by a member of the public. We will ensure that this customer’s comments are taken into account for future displays.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.