Ever wanted to go inside the White House? Well, now you can… sort of. A property that is the spitting image of the President’s residence has hit the market in the US. ‘Exquisite, phenomenal, pristine, elegant, charming and breathtaking’ are just a few words to describe this unique property – according to the listing. Located in Evansville, Indiana, more than 728 miles from the real deal, the property is up for sale and could be yours for a whopping $8.5million (£7million). The home is clearly nowhere near the Washington DC-based White House – but that won’t stop people from giving it a double take when passing by. With four large towering columns framing the front door, a circular front facade and the US national flag proudly on display, the property looks almost identical to the iconic estate that houses the US president – from the outside, at least. Inside, the 33,000 sq ft property boasts a timeless style throughout. It’s spread over three floors and has a basement with a wine cellar. Stepping into the main level of the house, the two-story entrance and living area is the real showstopper – with its grand curved staircases and large windows, which usher in plenty of natural light. The property is also home to five bedrooms, 11 bathrooms, an elegant dining room, a home gym, a billiard room and dedicated games and media rooms. The White House look-a-like even has its own version of the Oval Office – with luxurious wooden finishes, framed artwork and a rug matching the one found in the president’s own office. Outside, the 45-acre plot includes a large swimming pool, multiple outbuildings, four horse barns and garages with enough space for 26 cars. It’s safe to say it’s a pretty unique house, so it’s no surprise that the listing has gone viral on Facebook. In fact, some people absolutely love it. One impressed individual said: ‘Beautiful, I’ve stayed in less glamorous 5* hotels. I couldn’t live there as I’d feel so overwhelmed with its opulence, but it is stunning.’ ‘I’d need a Segway to get from the bedroom to the kitchen,’ one person said. Another added: ‘And if it doesn’t include any politicians, then it’s definitely better than the White House…’ While others were a little more critical – especially when it came to the price. ‘Not sure anyone else will want to spend that much money to live in Evansville, Indiana,’ someome else joked. While another said: ‘Eye-bleedingly tacky. If this were the white house, I’d renounce my citizenship.’ The property is currently on the market with Berkshire Hathaway Homes. The full listing says: ‘This remarkable 33,000 square foot home has so much to offer, including an 11,000 square foot area that has many options for its use, such as a car museum, recreational sports area, event facility, etc. ‘In the main house, you’ll be so impressed with the main level, alone with its two-story great room with grand curved staircases, kitchen fit for a chef, elegant dining room, immense master suite with connected fitness room, cosy family room and beautiful pool area. ‘The second level isn’t any less impressive, featuring four more bedrooms, all with their own full bath, two large offices, a billiards room, game room and media room.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Seven ‘home improvements’ that are actually devaluing your property MORE : What to expect when buying a property: Make sure to do your homework MORE : It’s not all doom and gloom – 2023 really could be a good year to buy a property