Residents in the village where Nicola Bulley vanished have hired private security after being left ‘terrified’ by amateur sleuths peering through their windows and trying the doors. It has now been three weeks since the mum-of-two went missing after dropping off her daughters, aged six and nine, at school on January 27 in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. Speaking to Sky News, Wyre Council leader Michael Vincent said interest in the case has been ‘quite unprecedented’, adding: ‘Everybody seems to have a theory on social media, everybody seems to want to know all of the information.’ The disappearance has prompted scores of individuals to head into the village to join in with searches, but Mr Vincent described how ‘some of the darker elements of the public’s interest’ has seen wannabe detectives taking the law into their own hands. He said: ‘People have reported being sat in their living rooms in an afternoon watching television and people coming up to the windows, peering in, trying the doors, it’s been terrifying for them. ‘These are typically older people extremely scared in their own homes. ‘The residents have had to employ an external security company, that’s just not acceptable.’ He added:‘People have typically stayed strong, they’ve been pretty resilient in these difficult times, but they have found it very upsetting and distressing.’ One Tiktoker was fined for posting videos from the search scene on social media. Mr Vincent was also asked for his thoughts on the criticism levelled at Lancashire Police after the force revealed deeply personal information about Ms Bulley’s private life in an extraordinary statement. He told the broadcaster detectives have ‘done their best in difficult circumstances’ but said ‘there are lessons to be learned’. Talking about the information on Ms Bulley revealed by police, Mr Vincent went on: ‘That was put out there with the knowledge of Nicola’s family because other people were seeking to make that information public. ‘That wasn’t the police’s decision, their hand was forced, should they have done it? Again, with the benefit of hindsight, that should be looked into in future cases. ‘I think they have done their best in difficult circumstances.’ Lancashire Police said earlier this week they have been ‘inundated with false information, accusations and rumours’ relating to the case. Asked if ‘social media video-makers and wannabe detectives have been an annoyance or a hindrance in the inquiry’, Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith said: ‘Yes, it has significantly distracted the investigation. ‘In 29 years’ police service I’ve never seen anything like it. Some of it’s been quite shocking and really hurtful to the family. ‘Obviously, we can’t disregard anything and we’ve reviewed everything that’s come in but of course it has distracted us significantly.’ It came after Wyre Council announced on Monday it has removed councillors’ contact details from its website due to ‘inappropriate emails and phone calls’ about Ms Bulley’s disappearance. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.