A violent bully who created fake personas in order to abuse women has been found guilty of raping, assaulting and coercing three women. David Overton, 31, made one victim eat her own faeces, took out loans in women’s names and ‘had no regard for any human or animal’. He has been sentenced to 27 years in prison, plus six years on licence, after being found guilty by a jury following a four-week trial. He had denied all the charges. Overton began violent affairs with three victims after reinventing himself as Davy Fury- an up-and-coming boxer and cousin of heavyweight champion Tyson Fury. He came up with the idea after ditching his previous fake persona as a multi-millionaire wheeler-dealer inspired by Leonardo DiCaprio’s character in the Wolf of Wall Street. The six-foot-five-inch-tall conman used steroids to bulk up in the gym. After this, he got a face tattoo, shaved his head and dyed his ginger beard black and falsely claimed to be related to the boxing champ. He also claimed he came from a tough travelling community in Salford, Greater Manchester. To top off his story, he said he once worked as an enforcer for a drugs gang before he vowed to go straight after a three-year stretch in prison for handling dirty money. In reality, Overton was a serial fraudster who grew up in a council house in Congleton, Cheshire and had 13 previous dishonesty offences on his record under nine different aliases. He had previously been convicted of fraud after he conned a young woman out of £1,000 by posing as a wealthy Ferrari-driving stockbroker and offering her investment opportunities. The court heard how Overton, from Macclesfield, would present himself to victims as a caring and generous man to start with – but soon began to exhibit darker traits. His coercive, controlling, and violent behaviour soon descended into sexual offences. One victim’s contact with friends was controlled, and he took her money and even made her eat faeces and film herself drinking urine after subjecting her to sadistic sex ordeals. Another victim was raped at a hotel following a charity function, while a third was forced to have intercourse with Overton after he head-butted her during an assault. Police said he controlled the women’s finances, taking out loans in their names and manipulating them into handing over their savings on the promise that there would be a big return, which never emerged. His mother eventually rubbished his claims about being Fury’s cousin. In a statement one of the victims, a successful businesswoman said: ‘Initially David saw himself as a character inspired by the Wolf of Wall Street but then he created this new Fury character. ‘What this man put me through is by far the worst thing I have ever experienced. I was used for my money so he could carry out some sick twisted fantasy. ‘The bruises may fade but the psychological cars never will. Even when I sleep he still towers over me, all 6″5 of him. He is a monster in size and a monster in nature. ‘I suffer flashbacks whilst washing up and cleaning the house and sometimes I wish he did kill me. ‘This man is no Tyson Fury – he has no regard for any human or animal. His next victim may not be so lucky.’ Another victim said: ‘I changed my hairstyle so that my new fringe covers the permanent forehead scar that David gave me. ‘I used to be such an extrovert but now I am the complete opposite.’ The third woman said in a statement: ‘I can’t count on my fingers the number of times he threatened to shoot men, my family and friends. ‘I was so scared when he said that he was going to need a body bag and a cleanup crew to come to my address. ‘He would punch, kick and shout at me and then I would get told off for flinching. Even my dog was affected by what he did and will need training to correct his behaviour.’ The investigation into Overton began in September 2021 when one of the victims went to Cheshire Police. He was arrested within hours of the report. While he was in custody, two other women became aware of his arrest and built up the courage to report that they were also victims of his abusive and controlling behaviour. At Chester Crown Court, Overton, who is also known as David Fury-Walsh, was convicted of 25 offences. They include 13 counts of rape, four counts of sexual assault, three counts of controlling and coercive behaviour, three counts of actual bodily harm, one count of sexual touching and possession of a knife. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.