A boss at Google has hit out at ChatGPT for giving ‘convincing but completely fictitious’ answers. Which is kind of ironic, since Google’s own AI chatbot, Bard, recently cost the company £100,000,000,000 by giving the wrong answer. Nevertheless, the search giant maintains people should be wary of ChatGPT. ‘This type of artificial intelligence we’re talking about [ChatGPT] can sometimes lead to something we call hallucination,’ Google boss Prabhakar Raghavan told German newspaper Welt Am Sonntag. ‘This is then expressed in such a way that a machine delivers a convincing but completely fictitious answer.’ He added: ‘The huge language models behind this technology make it impossible for humans to monitor every conceivable behaviour of the system. ‘But we want to test it on a large enough scale that in the end we’re happy with the metrics we use to check the factuality of the responses.’ Raghavan went on to express that Google is looking at how to integrate AI into its search results. The tech giant is trying to move quickly as arch rival Microsoft has moved to integrate ChatGPT into its own search engine, Bing. ‘Of course we feel the urgency, but we also feel the great responsibility,’ he said. ‘We hold ourselves to a very high standard. And it is also my goal to be a leader in chatbots in terms of the integrity of the information but also the responsibilities we take. ‘This is the only way we will be able to keep the trust of the public.’ Meanwhile, Google CEO Sundar Pichai has sent a company-wide memo for all staff to stress-test Bard to try and work out the kinks. Pichai said he would ‘appreciate’ it if all staff ‘contributed in a deeper way’ by giving two to four hours to interact with the AI. pressure test Bard. Again, a touch ironic since last month Google’s parent company, Alphabet, announced it was slashing about 12,000 jobs, roughly 6% of its workforce. MORE : ChatGPT-powered Microsoft Bing, starts giving ‘unhinged’ answers MORE : AI chatbot Bard got answer wrong in promo vid costing Google £100,000,000,000