A monstrous couple who tortured their friend in an ‘inhuman’ attack have been jailed for a total of 50 years. Jon Hamblin, 43, and pornographic model Jessica Whinham, 21, subjected Paul Binks to a horrifying ordeal in which he was stabbed in his sleep and left with his intestines hanging out. The victim woke up to find he had been stabbed and later had to beg for his life before they set him free, police said. Newcastle Crown Court heard that Whinham then deliberately played a song that she knew her victim disliked before telling him it would be the ‘last song you’ll ever hear. Mr Binks was then strangled with a cord before he was put in a bath and told he would be drowned during the horrendous ordeal in North Shields, Tyne and Wear, in September 2021. He eventually managed to escape from the flat while ‘holding his guts in’ and knock on a nearby door, before almost dying as he was rushed to hospital. The attack took place in Whinham’s flat on Stanley Street West, North Shields, on 10 September 2021. The apparent motive for the ordeal was Mr Binks sharing a rumour with Hamblin that Whinham was a ‘grass’, which he said he did to warn him to be careful. Hamblin and Whinham later tried to blame each other for what police labelled ‘inhuman’ violence but both were found guilty of attempted murder after a trial at Newcastle Crown Court last year. During the trial, Mr Binks described waking up to find Hamblin standing over him with a knife, having already stabbed him. Mr Binks said: ‘I looked down and pulled my top up and there was a tube, my intestine. I was trying to push it back in. I remember him trying to go for my throat and I put my hand up. ‘He was standing over me with a knife, I couldn’t understand. I thought I was dreaming. I started thinking I’m badly injured here. I was bleeding profusely. ‘Jess [Whinham] was mopping up the blood. There was a bit of flesh. I thought it was my liver. I was in a dream-like state. It was so surreal. ‘She took the bit of flesh off me and put it in the bucket. Jess said: “We’ve got your heart out, it’s in the bucket.” ‘I had no strength at all, my guts were hanging out. I think I went into survival mode. I remember thinking: “I’m not dying here, I need to survive.”’ Mr Binks said Whinham told him: ‘It’s done, it’s done, you’re dead, it’s over, you’re dead.’ Hamblin then put a phone charger around his neck and tightened it with his foot on his back, to the point he heard it creaking before the couple moved him to the bath. The horrified victim said: ‘Jon put the hot water on and said he was going to drown me. I said: ‘No, no, don’t drown me, it’s one of my worst fears.’ I said just stab me.’ But Hamblin reportedly told him: ‘It’s dead peaceful man, you will be alright, you are going to die anyway, you might as well have a peaceful death.’ Mr Binks said Whinham complained her gas was being “wasted on you” by using hot water so swapped it to running the cold tap. He said Hamblin told him he was ‘basically already dead’ and said he was going to ‘chop me up and put me all over North Tyneside,’ but after promising not to tell anyone what they had done, Mr Binks was eventually told he could leave. The victim added: ‘I was gurgling, spitting out blood. I asked him to help me up. He said I couldn’t go unless I got myself out of the bath.’ He said a surge of adrenaline helped him get out but he ‘remembered it ripping more’ as he did so. Mr Binks added: ‘I was keeping hold of my guts so I was keeping them in.’ After leaving the house, Mr Binks was rushed to hospital after he turned up bleeding heavily at a shocked couple’s home in the early hours of the morning and almost died on the way over. Hamblin, of Stirling Drive, North Shields, has 63 previous convictions, and was jailed for 29 years. Whinham, who has no previous convictions, was sentenced to 21 years behind bars. During their sentencing on February 16, the pair were branded dangerous by Judge Robert Adams and told they must also serve two-thirds of their sentences behind bars. They were both also given indefinite restraining orders. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.