A hopeful entrepreneur was left struggling to speak after being blown away by the offers presented to him on Dragons’ Den, after Steven Bartlett made a jaw-dropping U-turn on his decision to invest. On tonight’s episode of the BBC programme, Matthew Walker and Cristian Brownlee, founders of Adapt Ability, were hoping to obtain a £40,000 investment for a 5% stake in their company, which is striving to equip people with disabilities with better mobility and independence. Cristian explained how after becoming a wheelchair user around a decade ago, his life ‘wasn’t very independent’ and he was ‘staying at home all the time’, until he came across the Omeo, a two-wheeled self-balancing mobility device that utilises technology developed in New Zealand. While the founders of the business impressed the Dragons with their incredible product, which retails at just over £17,000 when bought brand new, they suffered some setbacks during their pitch, with Peter Jones and Deborah Meaden announcing that they were out. It initially appeared as though Steven was going to follow in their footsteps, as he told the pair: ‘It’s not a straightforward business to take to market, and I don’t have a huge experience in marketing this kind of product. So maybe you’re a little bit too early now for an investment from me.’ However, with a smile dawning on his face, he then added: ‘Um… but maybe you’re not.’ Continuing, Steven explained: ‘Do you know what, when you told me your story, it just hit me right in my feels. ‘I can’t imagine what it must be like to lose your mobility at any stage in your life, and I’ve got so much respect for you for being in that situation and turning it into something like this, turning it into a business. I’m pretty overcome with inspiration, so I am going to make you an offer, it turns out.’ Steven then offered all of the money that Cristian and Matthew had been after, for 15% of the business. ‘Wow, I can’t breathe,’ Cristian admitted, before Touker Suleyman and Sara Davies made the exact same offer as their colleague. When the businessmen ventured to the wall to discuss their plan of action, Cristian confessed that he had no idea what to do. When they returned, Cristian was clearly overwhelmed as he struggled through his words to ask Steven, Touker and Sara if they’d be willing to split three-ways, with the business receiving a £40,000 total investment with each of the Dragons taking 5% of the business. They were all delighted to accept, and so Cristian and Matthew had themselves a brilliant deal. Dragons’ Den returns next Thursday at 8pm on BBC one and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Dickinson’s grandson, 18, leaves three Dragons fighting over him after impressive pitch MORE : Dragons’ Den entrepreneur baffles audiences with equation on his T-shirt: ‘Need a translation please’ 