Katherine Ryan has made her disapproval over the age-gap relationship between Towie star James Argent, 35, and his 18-year-old girlfriend, Stella Turian, pretty clear. James and Stella hit it off last year and have now been conducting a long-distance relationship with Stella living in her native Italy while James is based in Essex. The couple are believed to have met at a wedding in Mykonos in June, and there may even be plans for them to move in together after they met one another’s parents. Crucially, James was reportedly able to ‘win over’ his partner’s friends and family ‘with his charm’. However, comedian Katherine is not a fan of their romance, given the 17-year age difference, and took to her Instagram story to make her feelings known. The 39-year-old made strong eye contact in a moody stare with the camera while holding her two-month-old baby daughter, Fenna Grace. She then slowly zoomed in on her face, emphasising her expression, in the video clip, which she captioned: ‘Me – a mother – finding out a 35 Towie star has an 18-year-old girlfriend.’ Katherine also has a 20-month-old son, Fred, who she shares with her partner Bobby Kootstra, and oldest daughter Violet, 13, from a previous relationship. The TV star has previously been critical of Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio, 48, and the younger women he has been linked to – while also being curious over boxer David Haye and his rumoured ‘throuple’ arrangement with Una Healy and Sian Osborne. She admitted on her podcast recently to messaging him, quizzing him about the alleged three-way relationship and trying to get him for an interview, but to no avail. ‘He was actually very nice,’ Katherine said. ‘He wrote me back like, “No, the details of me and the queens are totally under wraps”.’ Meanwhile, James has revealed the slightly ‘unusual way’ in which wooed Stella, explaining that he serenaded her with love songs over mafia movie screenings in his Essex mansion. ‘I’m lucky enough to have a home cinema — there have to be some perks to being in showbiz — and I’m obsessed with Mafia films, so I made her watch Goodfellas and some Sopranos and Casino too,’ James explained. He said he felt ‘lucky’ to be dating the ‘extremely intelligent’ Italian actress. ‘Stella is extremely intelligent, very talented and she’s fluent in four ­languages, including English, which is lucky, as my Italian’s not great, although it’s improving. And she’s beautiful, too. I feel very lucky,’ he told The Sun. He also gushed over their ‘amazing connection’ and praised his girlfriend as being ‘extremely supportive’. The TV personality and aspiring wedding singer underwent a dramatic weight loss journey last year, losing 14 stone in total, but recently explained how he felt he had ‘lost a little bit too much’. ‘I mean in my mind, I told myself the skinnier you are, the slimmer you are the better, but that’s not always the case. So I’ve managed to gradually get a stone back on, and I now I feel that I’m at a healthy balanced weight,’ he revealed during an appearance on Good Morning Britain. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Matt Lucas takes subtle swipe at Bake Off after admitting he never wanted the job MORE : All of the ‘things’ Angela Bassett has done for those wondering after Ariana DeBose’s viral Bafta rap 