He might be the world’s most handsome man (according to science) but that didn’t stop Regé-Jean Page from taking a tumble after a pre-Baftas dinner last night. The Bridgerton heartthrob, 34, lost his composure somewhat as he fell backwards on a pavement before two chaps in suits helped him up after the Charles Finch & Chanel Pre-Baftas dinner. But the Gray Man actor seemed to find the funny side of the whole debacle, as he chuckled to himself while splayed on the floor. In direct contrast to his ungainly faux pas, when he wasn’t on the floor Regé-Jean looked the definition of suave in a shimmering sunset pink suit, a white T-shirt and some matching leather shoes. It’s not clear whether the actor tripped or simply lost his balance and fell over backwards, but the montage is just a little bit funny (can we say this?). But in true Hollywood fashion, the star walked it off and even flashed the cameras a smile on his way past – respect. Regé-Jean earned millions of fans across the globe when he starred alongside Phoebe Dynevor as the Duke of Hastings in Netflix’s hit raunchy period drama, Bridgerton. This tumble comes after the star revealed the pretty unglamorous reason he decided not to return for season two of the series, devastating fans everywhere. ‘I signed up to do a job and I did the job and then I did some other jobs. That’s it. That’s the story,’ he told Vanity Fair. ‘I wish it was more glamorous than that,’ he added. Even Kim Kardashian, who is clearly a Bridgerton fangirl, was shocked and appalled by the news. This wasn’t the last time the star, who was born in Harare, Zimbabwe before moving to north London, gave a fairly blunt response to speculation on his various Hollywood movements. The actor recently squashed rumours he could be the next James Bond – a role he’s been hotly tipped for alongside the likes of Idris Elba and Tom Hardy since he shot to fame in 2020. In another blow for his devoted fanbase, the star admitted the infamous spy hasn’t ‘occupied his thoughts’. He continued: ‘It’s a conversation people are having, and it’s terribly flattering that they’re having it. I leave them to it.’ Asked whether he’d accept the role if it was offered, he confessed he had ‘no idea’. He added to Vanity Fair: ‘I’ve got enough on my plate at the moment. I worry about the work I have, not other people’s jobs.’ So it’s not a hard no then… Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Regé-Jean Page gives update on James Bond rumours and it’s pretty blunt: ‘I’ve got enough on my plate’ MORE : Regé-Jean Page explains ‘simple’ reason he didn’t return to Bridgerton after devastating exit 