We will be thinking about Sam Smith’s 2023 Brit Awards look for the rest of time. In what can only be described as the ultimate serve, the singer caught everyone’s eye on the red carpet as they rocked up wearing an inflatable latex sculpture. Dressed head-to-toe in all black, Sam, who has made headlines recently with their risqué performances, left jaws on the floor, in the almost David Bowie esque quirky ensemble. Sam, who is non-binary and uses they/them pronouns, of course, paired the unusual outfit with a pair of absolutely killer heels. The outfit itself is from a brand named Harri, which specialises in eye-catching latex fashions. Sam’s specific trousers are described as ‘doubled-handled vase trousers’ and are made to order, but retail for £4,000. The fitted black top, meanwhile, costs £300. Sam is set to take to the stage tonight with Kim Petras, fresh off making history at the Grammys as Kim became the first transgender artist to take home the award for best pop duo/group. Since going viral on TikTok, their track Unholy has been inescapable, and we have no doubt they’ll pull out all the stops once more tonight. It’s fair to say Sam and Kim have caused a divide, however, as not everyone is on board with some of the religious themes in their live performances. In fact, some people were incredibly angry about their Grammys number, branding the duet ‘satanic.’ One person who has had Sam’s back, though, is Madonna, whom they were keen to thank after the chaos of Grammys weekend died down. Publicly thanking the Like A Virgin hitmaker for introducing them and championing their artistic creations, Sam uploaded a raunchy snap of the pair backstage at Sunday night’s ceremony. Posing beside Madonna, the award-winning singer donned a red see-through shirt and knelt beside the star who sported a black corset and fishnet tights. They penned the caption: ‘Overwhelmed, grateful and inspired. Thank you for your love and support. I’ll never forget your kindness’, next to the picture that received plenty of love from supportive fans on Instagram. Meanwhile, they’ll be hoping to take home another trophy for their collection at tonight’s Brits, with the likes of Harry Styles, Wet Leg, Beyoncé, Taylor Swift, Lewis Capaldi, Lizzo, and so many more earning noms. Along with Sam and Kim, Lizzo and Harry will perform, as will rap star Stormzy. The Brit Awards 2023 will air live tonight at 8pm on ITV1 and ITVX. MORE : Jessie J is a vision in red for Brit Awards with cut-outs to show off baby bump in all its glory MORE : S Club 7 stars reunite on Brit Awards red carpet 21 years after win – ahead of huge announcement 