Mykhailo Mudryk appeared to like an Instagram post criticising Chelsea teammate Marc Cucurella following the 1-1 draw with West Ham United. The Blues settled for a point on a frustrating afternoon in east London where they were denied what appeared to be a clear penalty after Tomas Soucek blocked Conor Gallagher’s shot with his arm. £88million signing Mudryk struggled to pick through the Hammers defence and at one point in the second-half, appeared to show his frustration with Cucurella. Just inside the West Ham half, the Spaniard received the ball with Mudryk making a run down the left, darting in behind his marker into space. Instead of finding the winger, Cucurella instead turned inside and played a simple pass to Enzo Fernandez with the Ukraine international not impressed with the decision. The incident and others similar were picked up by Chelsea fans with one meme depicting Cucurella blanking Mudryk in favour for his other Chelsea teammates. The post was liked by Mudryk’s Instagram account. Cucurella, who has also been dealing with a personal issue in recent weeks, was involved in a similar social media incident this week involving Chelsea’s co-owner Todd Boehly. On Thursday, Boehly’s Twitter account liked a tweet from football.london with an article carrying quotes from Chelsea great Frank Leboeuf. ‘We don’t want to see Cucurella anymore,’ the club’s former defender said. ‘With all due respect to a man that I don’t know, the player is not good enough for Chelsea. It’s as simple as that.’ The former Brighton defender endured another difficult afternoon at West Ham on Saturday, replaced in the second-half with the change greeted to by cheers from the travelling Chelsea support. ‘Supporters are entitled to their opinion of course, they just want the team to do well and as I said in the previous press conference I don’t think Marc is in his absolute best moment,’ Potter said. ‘But at the same time he’s been part of a team that’s kept a clean sheet at Anfield, a clean sheet against Fulham. ‘In the summer, I know because I was the selling club, there was another club that were interested in Marc. ‘From a points view in the Premier League they are a good club, so Marc hasn’t become a bad player at all but some players can go through bad times so we need to stick together and help him. ‘Supporters are entitled to their opinion there’s nothing for me to be critical of. That’s just what we have to work with.’ MORE : Declan Rice reveals the two Chelsea players West Ham targeted and rates Joao Felix display MORE : Graham Potter sends message to Chelsea fans who cheered Marc Cucurella substitution For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 