This week, we are moving past the Full Moon in Leo (self expression) and Mercury moves into Aquarius (put those plans in motion). What you decide to share and say out loud this week has the power to come true, to manifest, to impact your life… so choose your words with care and precision. Words have power. They influence, persuade, transform and land. Say what you believe but make it positive, make it focused on a change you wish to experience. Let the tarot guide you, this week, towards what you should say you want to do – because it is what you will do once you’ve said it. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Knight of Coins Meaning: You want to be taken seriously about something you think is serious, but have perhaps projected a cavalier, jokey or even dismissive attitude about. The Knight of Coins reveals that is because it hits a nerve and makes you feel defensive, but you’re ready to face into it now and get advice, support and help to sort it out. This is linked to health, wealth, home or work. Speak your mind. Make a change. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Strength Meaning: You want to ask for help and support with something you’re determined to finish or achieve, but you’re just in a tough patch with it, and the going is hard. Taurus, it’s okay to admit this, in fact it’s normal and necessary, because it will firstly make you feel relief and then you will find people do have ideas to help you. This has all been done before. You are not alone. Strength shows you’re learning so much. It’s okay to ask for help now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Page of Cups Meaning: You want to be the baby! I know that sounds weird as heck, but there’s something about you needing nurture, care, comfort and love. You project quite a brittle, independent, tough image, like you don’t need other people very much and you don’t want smothering or to receive too much affection. The Page of Cups reveals you feel a little lonely, a little unloved. And it’s silly because you’re not, you just give off ‘keep away’ vibes. Go get that hug, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Six of Swords Meaning: Cancer, you’re over it. You are done. Finito, game over, adios. You tend to hold on and try to make things work, for way longer than most people would, but you’ve reached the end of your tether and you’re ready to walk. Do it. You have done your best here, you are ready to liberate yourself. The Six of Swords is a signal that now is the right time to make this exit, no one will be surprised, and in fact they’re cheering you on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Four of Wands Meaning: You’ve been eyeing up the next level at work/college/uni/a community or creative project. You are thinking ‘I can do more, be more, get more’ and, Leo, you are dead right! The Four of Wands urges you to start sharing your ambition and your desire to climb, to be promoted, to do more, to expand. The first part of broadening your horizons is opening the gates to let new energy flow in and this is the week to do it. Sky’s the limit. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: The Empress Meaning: Nesting. It’s on your mind. The Empress shows you’ve been dreaming of love, passion, marriage, babies, pets, warm, safe homes and happy ever afters. Living in nature, being creative, growing your own fruit and veg, retreating to natural fundamentals and living simply. This all sounds delightful, but it shouldn’t remain as a daydream. It’s time to manifest this fantasy IRL and it starts by taking the first step towards it. Speak up and share these dreams. See what happens… love is close by. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Knight of Wands Meaning: You are so ready for having an adventure. Something bold, daring, risky, fun, exciting, thrilling and new. This could be linked to travel, romance, education, career changes or a new approach to your lifestyle. The Knight of Wands is a charismatic and spontaneous character who takes each day as it comes and lives each like his last. What are you waiting for? Your life is here and now. Use your health and wealth. Go share whatever adventure you’ve been dreaming about. It can come true. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: The Fool Meaning: The appeal of a clean slate, a fresh start, a new beginning has never been so strong or alluring. The Fool shows you want to turn the page and start over, knowing what you now know you would do things differently, but you need that line to be drawn, for the past to be put away. Do it. Do it for yourself. Draw that line. Process the past and consciously mark it ‘case closed’ and activate this fresh start. You are in control. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Three of Wands Meaning: Routine and schedules dull your feathers, Sag, and you feel the old wanderlust rising up again as Spring approaches. The Three of Wands shows you just want to throw off thew shackles this week and make it a ‘go with the flow’ phase. No plans or commitments. See what crops up and follow the energies. Tell your close ones this goal and then let loose. You deserve these time outs. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Five of Coins Meaning: You have a habit of absorbing sorrow, grief or bad news and taking it down, down into the emotional vaults and locking it up so you don’t have to deal with it (because you’re busy working hard and getting on with things). The Five of Coins shows one of these locked away items might surface this week and the best thing you can do is to talk about it. Express your feelings, no matter how long ago all this happened. Share, expel, release. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: King of Coins Meaning: You want to get your affairs in order. You aren’t usually that engaged with money and admin and so on, but you realise it’s important and you want some advice and guidance about getting it all ship shape and under control (and ideally automated). The King of Coins urges you to seek professional advice or, the next best thing, ask someone who is good at that kind of thing to advise. Tackle debt, banking, mortgage, bills, taxes, pension, maybe even your will. Sort it all out and feel amazing. And then go do something more fun as a reward! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Three of Swords Meaning: Even when you’ve been personally wounded, you don’t like to cause too much fuss or create further drama or conflict. You quietly lick your wounds and retreat from the field of play. Pisces, it’s time to speak up about what happened. You have internalised this pain and it’s causing more damage to your heart. The Three of Swords speaks of betrayals, backstabbing, cruelty or dismissal. Dredge it up, talk it out, release those toxic feelings. And feel relief. You don’t deserve to carry this pain around. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Everything you need to know about dating an Aquarius MORE : Venus in Pisces urges you to be wise in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope