Stacey Solomon has no time for mum shamers – and we don’t blame her. The Loose Women star, 33, recently gave birth to her fifth child, whom she later announced was called Belle. Stacey shares Belle with husband Joe Swash, 40, and they now boast a gorgeous blended family. She and Joe are parents to one-year-old daughter Rose, as well as three-year-old Rex. Stacey is a mum to Zachary, 14, and Leighton, 10, from previous relationships, and Joe has a 15-year-old son called Harry, whom he shares with former partner Emma Sophocleous. It’s safe to say it’ll be chaos in the beloved Pickle Cottage at the best of times, so why would anyone begrudge the new mum treating herself to some pampering? Well, apparently some people do, as the internet trolls were out in force after Stacey showed off her pretty manicure. ‘I left Joe with all the kids and literally ran out of the house to get my nails done’, she joked on her Instagram Story. She accompanied the caption with a shot of her baby pink nails which are decorated with white flowers. ‘Probably should have washed my hair but I’ve been desperate to have nice nails, and just drive somewhere’, the star quipped. ‘It felt nice’. Alas, not everyone was so keen to let her enjoy the moment. Sharing a screenshot on a second Story, Stacey replied to a message that read: ‘Very impractical nails for a newborn’. Having none of it, the much-loved TV presenter filmed herself cuddling baby Belle and rubbing her back as she wiggled around. ‘Well, I think they’re really practical!’, Stacey said before laughing. ‘They’re great for tickles, head strokes… Belle’s absolutely loving them!’, she assured. ‘This one’s really good for picking out bogies,’ she chuckled, holding up her little finger. ‘Will I end up with poo underneath them at the end of every day? Probably! But, I’ve got a nail brush, I wash my hands, it’ll be fine!’ Stacey also added text to the video reading: ‘Have a day off Wilma. It’ll be ok, I promise’. You go, Stacey! The Essex star has been loving life as a new mum all over again, recently crying happy tears after her little one reached an important milestone. ‘Yay Belle,’ wrote Stacey recently, explaining: ‘We just had our two-week health visitor check. ‘For the first time in five baby Belle is above her birth weight of 5lb 10 ounces and is now 6lb 8 ounces. ‘I had a little cry! Breastfeeding is working well & she’s loving it. My little piggy.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lily Allen announces social media break as she reveals she wants to ‘focus’ MORE : Linda Nolan celebrates her 64th birthday with loved ones amid third cancer battle 