A mother has vowed to never return to KFC after claiming her family were served a chip that had the odour of faeces. Katie McAllister said she went to a branch in Torquay on February 2 with her mother Carol and infant daughter. They were enjoying a popcorn chicken bucket for lunch when Katie watched her mother suddenly spit one of her chips back out into the lid of a coffee cup. Katie said: ‘We got a snack box with popcorn chicken and chips. We sat down to eat it and my mum picked up what looked like a chip. She thought it looked a bit too crispy for my daughter so my mum ate it. ‘When she put it in her mouth, she said she just knew that it was not right and it was absolutely vile so she spat it out and put it on the coffee lid of the plastic cup and asked me to smell it. ‘When I smelled it, I nearly actually threw up, it was absolutely disgusting. ‘[My mother] felt really sick, she wasn’t actually sick but she could have vomited up until she went to bed, just from the thought of it. I’ve never smelled anything like it.’ Katie approached staff at the branch, who she says agreed the chip smelled foul. She said: ‘I went up to the counter and said “I’m sorry but someone needs to smell this” and [the assistant manager] smelled it and went “oh god, that is horrendous.”’ Katie then insisted the chip be sent off for testing. The branch assistant manager allegedly agreed to this, and the item was placed in a freezer at the restaurant. But Katie claims to have since twice returned to the fast-food outlet, where she says she was told the offending morsel remains, untested, in the freezer. This upset her, not least because other people have continued to eat at the restaurant, which is supposed to have recently received a five-star food hygiene rating. Katie says she has retrieved the sample from staff at the KFC branch and is trying to have the sample tested independently. She said: ‘I went back in the following week and spoke to the manager and she had no idea about this and that it was actually in the freezer. ‘I was a little bit upset about it and said “it’s a food place and something like that needs to be sent quite urgently, people are still eating in here”. ‘She took my details down and she said as soon as it gets sent off they would let us know.’ She added: ‘I went in again the week after that to see if anything had happened and the manager that day said “we haven’t sent it off yet” and I said “it’s nearly been two weeks now, it needs to be sent off”. ‘I said “you know what I’ll just take it because it needs to be tested and I’ll deal with it myself”. He said “I apologise” but people are still eating [there]. ‘My daughter is 19 months so that’s why I was more upset as well because it’s a snack bucket for children. It is absolutely disgusting that place anyway. It is vile, I will never be eating there again.’ A KFC spokesperson said: ‘We’re sorry to hear this guest was put off their meal, that’s not what we want. ‘Our Torquay restaurant recently achieved a 5* food hygiene rating, so we were surprised to see this and offered a full refund. ‘We have not had any similar complaints but we always encourage our fans to get in touch when things don’t go to plan.’ According to data released by the Food Standards Agency (FSA), there are more than 800 institutions in the UK with a food hygiene rating of zero. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.