Sky News presenter Sarah-Jane Mee fought back tears after showing an interview with missing mum Nicola Bulley’s heartbroken family. Ms Bulley, 45, was last seen on Friday morning at around 9.20am while walking her dog alongside the River Wyre in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. She had just dropped off her daughters, aged six and nine, at the local school in the village. Her sister Louise Cunningham told the broadcaster: ‘If I’m being honest, it feels like I’m just stuck in a nightmare.’ She added: ‘It’s like she’s just vanished into thin air. We just want her home, we need her home, her children need her home. It’s absolutely heartbreaking.’ The family appealed for anyone who may have seen the mortgage advisor or knows where she is to speak to police. Ms Bulley’s father Ernie, 73, said her disappearance ‘has just emptied our lives’. He thanked the police, who he said have been ‘brilliant’, and the ‘outstanding’ support from the local community. The grandfather broke down in tears as he said he would ‘do anything’ for his missing daughter. He sobbed: ‘Don’t, it’s hard… we’re such a close knit family. We’re a close knit family, we’d do anything for any one of us and the children would do the same for us. ‘We’re getting on in life, and the grandchildren, and our own children, are more and more important to us as we’re getting older. ‘So, yeah, I just hope she comes home.’ Ms Cunningham said: ‘Something has got to have been missed. Somebody must know something. People don’t just vanish into thin air. ‘There has got to be somebody who knows something and all we are asking is, no matter how small or big, if there is anything you remember that doesn’t seem right, then please reach out to the police. ‘Get in touch and get my sister back.’ Mr Bulley said his family hoped their interview would ‘spark a light’ that would lead to finding her. ‘We’re holding onto this, not our last hope, but this is going to reach out to millions of people, and we’re just hoping that from doing this interview that something may come of it which will spark a light and it will lead to us finding our daughter,’ he said. ‘The main thing is that we want to find Nicola, get her back home. ‘There are two young children there waiting for their mummy to come back and we want her back obviously also, but if Nicola is out there, if she’s watching this, then all we’d like to say is come home, contact the police, contact ourselves and we just want you back. ‘And they know that mummy’s missing but they know that she’s going to be coming home and everyone is looking for her so it’s only a matter of time, that they’re thinking in their minds, that she’s going to walk through that door.’ A timeline of Nicola Bulley’s last known movements has been released by Lancashire Police. The force said her movements were as follows: – 8.43am: Ms Bulley walked along the path by the River Wyre, having dropped her children off at school. – Around 8.50am: A dogwalker who knows Ms Bulley saw her walking around the lower field with her dog. Their two dogs interacted briefly before the witness left the field via the river path. – 8.53am: Ms Bulley sent an email to her boss. – 9.01am: She logged into a Teams call. – Around 9.10am: Somebody who knows Ms Bulley saw her on the upper field walking her dog, Willow. Lancashire Police say they are trying to establish exactly what time this was. – 9.30am: The Teams call ended but Ms Bulley stayed logged on. – Around 9.35am: Her mobile phone and dog were found at a bench by the river by another dogwalker. A potential witness has been found in the search for Nicola Bulley, who went missing last week, police said. Lancashire Constabulary released a CCTV image of a woman in a red coat walking a white dog, who is believed to have been in St Michael’s on Wyre when Ms Bulley disappeared on January 27. In an update, the force said she has been identified. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.