London Fashion Week is in full swing, and while there’s been some standout moments – we’re looking at you, Tesco unitard – one designer has stolen the spotlight. Victoria Jenkins, the woman behind fashion brand, Unhidden, presented on trend yet wearable designs for people who with disabilities. Her designs include tailored trousers for wheelchair users, which have vertical pockets to avoid contents falling out, and an elasticated waistband so it doesn’t cut into seated wearers. There’s a dress that gives easy access to stomas or feeding tubes, and tops with arm openings to give access for those undergoing chemo or radiotherapy. There are also soft jerseys for those with sensory needs, and alternations can be made like having velcro instead of fiddly buttons. It’s all about ease and accessibility while looking stylish. A garment technologist, Victoria is disabled herself, and has multiple gastro-intestinal problems that have required multiple surgeries. Her symptoms made high street clothes uncomfortable to wear, but it was during a hospital stay in 2016 that she had her light bulb moment. Victoria met a patient who was being treated for cancer, and had a stoma, lines in her arms, and a chest port after her treatment. Every time the doctors had to examine the patient, Victoria noticed how they had to remove all her clothing, usually in front of a team of doctors. She couldn’t even access her own stoma, arm line or chest port without removing clothing or exposing herself in some way. It was the inspiration Victoria needed to set about designing inclusive and adaptive clothing for those with disabilities. The show has rightly been heaped with praised on social media. A Twitter user commented: ‘Excellent! Important to raise awareness of disabilities, show the world that the fashion world can be inclusive to disabled models & that attire is available for all body shapes, sizes etc. Great diversity in the models.’ Others have said how the show has helped them accept their own health issues. The show unveiled 20 never seen before designs that can be worn year round.Prices range from £30 to £150 but there is also a planned partnership for clothing rental so people don’t have to make big one off purchases. ‘This is very cool and the representation makes me feel better about my condition!’ wrote one user. While another said: ‘People with disabilities out there absolutely crushing it is my favourite genre. Gives me hope and inspiration when it’s hard to even get out of bed. Can I crush it despite my arthritis? I hope so!’ Victoria is also working on an adaptable kids range and footwear range with Kurt Geiger. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘I spent five hours a day cleaning because I was convinced my children were dirty’ MORE : Kate’s £18 Zara Bafta earrings already listed as £110 on eBay MORE : I thought forest nursery was pure woo woo, then I sent my son