We’ve all done it. You wake up after a night out, check your phone, and realise you’ve ruined your life. As you open each app, it just gets worse and worse: WhatsApp messages to the ex you blocked, Instagram stories of your ‘seductive’ dance moves, an EasyJet booking for a mini break you absolutely can’t afford. It all seemed like a great idea at the time. Well now, Gen Z have come up with a hack that could save you from the morning-after despair. Enter the flip phone. It’s no secret that the younger generation have got everyone obsessed with the Y2K aesthetic: from double denim to claw clips, we’re partying like it’s 1999 all over again. And while the flip phone certainly fits into the early aughts look, it serves a higher purpose. TikToker Sammy Palazzolo went viral after sharing a video explaining why she takes a flip phone on a night out. Sammy said: ‘We don’t take our regular phones out out anymore because we realised that every single problem we have on a night out, everything that leads to us crying, everything that leads to us having a bad hook up, everything that leads to us having a bad time, stems from our phone.’ Sammy insisted that not having a smart phone to hand means that you’re ‘always in the present moment’. ‘This eliminates accidental drunk posts, eliminates drunk texts, eliminates bad hook ups,’ she said. ‘It eliminates all of the bad things… and brings all the good things about a phone, which is connecting with people and taking photos and videos.’ Sammy then added a hack within a hack. She said: ‘The dream is we’re all getting flip phones that we only take out, and in our flip phones, we only have each other’s flip phone numbers.’ She finished by saying: ‘Make the switch, f*ck your phone and get a flip.’ Genius. And if the wisdom of Gen Z doesn’t convince you, celebrities are swapping their iPhones for retro flips too. Camilla Cabello took to her social media last month to announce that she’s ‘team flip phone revolution’ Still not convinced? Try these tips for a digital detox – that you can actually commit to – instead. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Do you have a work spouse? Your actual partner might raise an eyebrow MORE : Are you guilty of app-tronising? Why your single friends want you to get clued up on dating apps