Susanna Reid has made it to Ukraine one year since Russia’s bloody invasion, as the Good Morning Britain host explained how long it took to enter the country. Earlier this month, Nato’s chief warned that Russian President Vladimir Putin had begun throwing ‘thousands and thousands more troops’ towards attacking Ukraine. On February 24 2022, the offensive from Russia began, which had escalated from the Russo-Ukrainian War, which had been going on since 2014. On Monday’s GMB, Susanna, 52, spoke to co-hosts Ed Balls, 55, and Ranvir Singh, 45, from Ukraine, wearing a yellow puffer jacket to keep warm as cold winds blew around her in the capital city of Kyiv. Sharing that it was her first time in Ukraine, having previously travelled to Poland, Susanna said: ‘I have come back and crossed from Poland this time into Ukraine. It’s taken hours ‘cause it is a massive country. It takes about 10 hours to get from Poland to here in Kyiv.’ The broadcaster opened up about visiting one of the towns outside the capital during her visit which had been ‘worst affected’ in the violent war. ‘You’ll remember the name Borodyanka. The horrors of war were inflicted on that town and I’ve spoken to survivors and their stories are chilling but also they are a symbol of the resilience of Ukrainians,’ she stated. ‘But the news today is that EU allies are holding talks over how to improve the supply of weapons, ammunitions here, which comes following warnings from the west that China could be on the brink of supplying so-called lethal support to Russia.’ Susanna informed viewers watching GMB of the journey being undertaken by the US President Joe Biden, who’s heading to Poland on Air Force One to meet with fellow leaders. ‘You’ll see my report on Borodyanka a little bit later, but on Kyiv, diplomats are preparing for today’s visit of the Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni, but people here have also been telling me their fears that Russia could be preparing to renew its attacks on the country’s capital,’ she said. Susanna added that ‘nothing prepared me for what I would witness myself’, while recalling how chilling it’s been to see the impact the war has had on the Ukrainian people, particularly children. One GMB viewer hailed the presenter for her bravery, tweeting: ‘Shout out to Susanna for being in Ukraine this week. Not many tv presenters would be brave enough to accept such an assignment.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Susanna Reid hits back at spiteful trolls who attacked Madonna over Grammys appearance MORE : Somehow Susanna Reid has never noticed Harry Styles has any tattoos 