Love Island cast members and crew were forced to stop filming due to extreme weather. This series of the ITV dating reality show is being filmed in South Africa, a change from the usual sunny shores of Majorca as the islanders seek some winter sun. However, weather conditions are making filming the show particularly difficult, and islanders have been reportedly locked away indoors. A source revealed: ‘The weather in South Africa has been a nightmare over the past 24 hours. ‘The rain was torrential yesterday and it meant that filming any scenes outside had to be put on ice.’ ‘Instead the islanders were shut away inside the villa,’ the insider added to The Sun. ‘It isn’t ideal for the producers as what viewers want to see is the sexy stars in their bikinis lounging by the pool – not sitting around inside.’ The source added that the storm appears to have passed and weather should be heading back to normal – which means we can expect more of the usual poolside chats we’ve been seeing. This comes after the winter series kicked off with a bang when the South African villa was hit by strong winds. Ahead of the new series airing in January, an insider shared: ‘Every department was affected — sound, lighting, cameras, wardrobe.’ ‘None of the Islanders expected to be shivering around the fire pit either, but it came into its own.’ This year’s villa is decked out with an Olympic training pool, 400m running track, state-of-the-art rugby field, and a zip line. Aptly named Ludus Magnus after Rome’s ancient gladiator school, the lavish pad also reportedly has access to a private lake, which has its very own Love Island, beach, and palm trees. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers: Olivia ‘shocked’ Kai didn’t choose her as most untrustworthy as he tries to ‘squash the beef’ MORE : Love Island viewers grossed out over Will Young biting Jessie Wynter’s toes before kissing her 