Molly-Mae Hague has been targeted by trolls criticising her for the way she carried her newborn daughter out of her car into her home, with many fans jumping to her defence. Earlier this week, Molly-Mae and Tommy Fury, both 23, announced that they had welcomed their baby girl, who they called Bambi. The former Love Island stars have been inundated with supportive messages as they continue to share updates, sweet pictures and videos on social media, with the Pretty Little Thing creative director uploading a black-and-white montage showing the moment she brought ‘the most precious gift in the world’ home. In the video, the reality star was shown stepping out of the car with Bambi already in her arms, with the baby seat clearly visible in the seat next to her despite some critical social media users questioning where it was. Molly-Mae held her daughter close to her body, ensuring that her hand supported the back of the baby’s neck as she stepped onto the ground. On the website for baby product company Pampers, it states that the ‘most important step when carrying or holding your newborn is to support your baby’s head and neck at all times’, as babies don’t develop head control until they’re around four months old. While Molly-Mae was holding Bambi securely, some people still felt the need to blast her technique, with one commenting on Instagram: ‘Omg she stepped out of vehicle without holding her tiny head and neck.’ Someone else responded to the comment: ‘She’s a new mum, she probably tried to keep the baby supported as much as she could.’ Meanwhile, another added: ‘Baby’s head seems supported enough by the thick layer of clothing, she could probably tell and judged that in the moment so there’s no need to worry, you can tell the head and neck are stable when she steps out.’ Some people defended Molly-Mae and Tommy after apparent criticism over the cot that they had bought for their daughter, while others claimed not to see the baby seat that was in their car. ‘Sorry to be baby police but you should have carried Bambi in the car seat,’ one critic wrote, while a fan added: ‘Only came for the car seat comments. Surprisingly not as many as I thought. Mum shaming is not cool. Ever!!’ Another questioned why people were being ‘so nasty’ towards the couple. ‘I really don’t get why people are being so nasty. A baby girl has been born to loving parents that can afford an £8k cot, that liked the name Bambi and that have decorated her nursery white,’ they wrote. ‘I mean there are so many babies born that are unwanted or abused why when these 2 loving parents have a baby everything that they do or have is criticised. Leave them alone to enjoy their newborn Bubble!’ Following the announcement that she had given birth, Molly-Mae wrote on her Instagram Story: ‘One week old today. I can’t believe we get to keep you forever. ‘Becoming your mum has been the best thing to ever happen to me… it doesn’t seem possible but my love for you grows with each passing moment. There is no feeling like holding you in my arms little one, my heart literally explodes.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives of Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Proud mum Molly-Mae Hague shares adorable footage with new baby girl Bambi and their ‘family’ MORE : Tommy Fury brushes off Jake Paul ‘announcing’ Bambi’s birth before him and Molly-Mae Hague: ‘It’s part and parcel’ 