This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. From Sheryl Lee Ralph to J.Lo to Jenna Ortega, nude nails are all over 2023 red carpets. Nail art has been the order of the day for some time, but now, it seems the girlies are after something a little more subtle. It makes sense since red carpets are all about showing off the garments, and nude nails of any length add polish (pun intended) without distracting from the overall look. Mylee’s Ellie Simmons tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Nude nails may be on trend now with celebs, but it’s a shade that never goes out of style and always looks chic with minimal effort. ‘Nude nails elongate the look of your fingers, and there’s a shade for every complexion.’ If you want to get the look at home, here are some tips for how to pick the perfect shade for you – and get it looking just right… First, you need to get the colour right. Ellie says picking the right nude shade is similar to choosing blush or lipstick. ‘Nude polishes are like tinted moisturiser for the nails,’ she explains. ‘You want a shade that complements your natural skin tone while giving a slight hint of colour. A nude that’s too cool or too warm for your undertones will give you a washed-out look. ‘Matching a nude to your skin tone will give a very elegant and sophisticated look, but if you’re hoping for a bit more depth or a subtle hint of colour, I’d suggest finding a shade that provides a bit of contrast. Sometimes going a shade lighter or darker than your complexion can be more flattering.’ If you buy the shade you think is perfect, but it turns out different from what you expected, Ellie says: ‘All is not lost. ‘Shades can appear differently when layered or with a top coat. For example, a nude shade may look one way with a glossy top coat but will have a completely different effect with a matte top coat.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : ‘Vanilla French nails’ are the latest take on the classic mani – here’s how to get the look MORE : Lip gloss nails are 2023’s update of the glazed doughnut manicure MORE : Cocktails swapped for coffees: Singles are dating cost-effectively with the new ‘daylight saving’ trend