The Brit Awards has been hit with more than 100 Ofcom complaints, with the majority sadly concerning Sam Smith’s epic Unholy performance. This year’s awards show was eventful to say the least, with some celebrities caught swearing on the ITV broadcast before the watershed and others spotted getting very merry at their tables. Sam was undoubtedly one of the most talked-about stars of the night, having wowed the crowds with their artistic inflatable latex sculptural red carpet look before ending the show with a powerful rendition of Unholy with Kim Petras. While many were left in awe by the spectacle, which featured a crew of backing dancers, car props on stage and a passionate kiss between two dancers at the end, others felt the need to pick it apart. Of the 106 complaints that media watchdog Ofcom has received about this year’s Brit Awards, the majority were about the performance put on by Sam, Metro.co.uk understands. The rest of the complaints related to the use of offensive language during the ceremony and the amount of alcohol consumed at the event. During the Brits, which was hosted by Mo Gilligan for the second year in a row, it was alleged that Sam got into a backstage row, after the £500,000 set for Unholy ran into some problems. One of the cars brought out on stage was said to have malfunctioned, resulting in Strormzy having his performance moved forward. Later on, a repeat of Adele’s 2022 performance of her song I Drink Wine was shown on TV, with Mo explaining that it was shown due to ‘technical issues’. ‘Sam’s performance might have appeared seamless but behind-the-scenes it was a nightmare,’ an insider told The Sun. The source claimed that the ‘whole set was built and ready to go’, but a malfunction ‘meant it had to be pulled off’. ‘Stormzy was moved forward and Sam was told there was a possibility their performance might be pulled altogether. Sam was understandably furious and it was pretty tense backstage,’ they added. Sam and Kim also performed Unholy at this year’s Grammy Awards, where they picked up the gong for best pop duo or group performance. They made history with their victory, with Kim becoming the first trans woman to take home a Grammy, and Sam becoming the first non-binary artist to do so. After taking to the stage in bright red ensembles, complete with devil’s horns, it was said that some people filed official complaints with CBS, describing what they watched as ‘satanic’. Others jumped to the duo’s defence, as one person wrote: ‘I love the fact LGBT artists are reclaiming satanic imagery. Imagery that’s been weaponized against LGBT communities for centuries.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : From Harry Styles’ triumph to Wet Leg’s anti-Tory dig and Sam Smith’s Unholy spectacle – Brit Awards 2023 standout moments MORE : Sam Smith in ‘chaotic’ backstage row before Brit Awards performance on ‘£500,000 set’ 