A man who built a small house on his driveway without planning permission has finally torn down the unauthorised property. The homeowner – a Mr M Singh – was originally given approval to build a single-storey garage on Vaughton Street, in Highgate, Birmingham, in 2019. But council bosses were left stunned in October last year after discovering a small two-storey ‘house’ had been erected on the driveway instead. Mr Singh was ordered to demolish the residential dwelling following an appeal, during which he argued there were only ‘minor differences’ to what was approved. The family had also previously said they were using the mini property as a gym and were defiant it would stay standing. But photographs taken this week now show how the homeowner has significantly reduced the structure to the shape of a previously approved garage. A woman who answered the door of the house refused to comment when approached but neighbours said the work had been ongoing for a few weeks. One resident, who did not want to be named, said: ‘It looks like they have finally complied with the order and thank goodness because it was an eyesore. ‘I was amazed they got away with it so it’s nice to see that common sense has now prevailed. ‘They will be kicking themselves though, it must have cost them a few bob to throw that up in the first place and now having to pay to pull it mostly down. ‘It’s hard to have too much sympathy with them though as they were clearly in the wrong. ‘They’ve been working on it for a few weeks now and it certainly looks more like a garage.’ Another neighbour said: ‘We just assumed they had permission to do that in the first place. ‘You’re never happy to see extensions or new-builds going up blocking out sunlight or replacing gardens and trees but it’s just what people do. ‘But if it was only given permission to be a garage I cannot see how they thought they would ever get away with it. It’s clearly a house. ‘How on earth they were planning to pass that off as garage, God only knows.’ Mr Singh was given until July to pull down the new building for being in breach of the original planning permission. Planners had originally given approval for a 5.3m x 4.6m garage to be built at the location which the new building exceeded. Planning Inspector Thomas Shields wrote in his report after visiting the house last March: ‘The appellant’s case is that the building already benefits from planning permission granted by the council in 2019. ‘He argues that although there are differences between the approved plans for the garage and the appeal building they are minor differences. ‘The approved plans for the garage show a single storey detached garage with a footprint of 5.3m x 4.6m and a height of 3.6m. ‘It was also shown having a standard garage door to the front and no windows on any elevation. ‘In comparison with the approved garage the appeal building has a footprint of approximately 8.7m x 4.7m and a height of 5.3m ‘Consequently, it is substantially larger than the approved building. It is not a minor difference. ‘There are some other differences. Instead of single-storey, the appeal building is 1.5 storey and has two rooms in the roof, facilitated by an almost full-width box dormer. ‘Instead of a garage door, there is a pedestrian door into the front room and a tripartite bow window. ‘Since the appeal building bears little resemblance to the scale and design of the approved single-storey garage, it does not benefit from that planning permission.’ A spokesperson for Birmingham City Council said: ‘The council is actively pursuing compliance with the Enforcement Notice. ‘It is a live case so there’s nothing more we can say at this stage.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.