Elvis star Austin Butler has expressed just how much his movement coach Polly Bennett was there for him when he was filming the biopic, saying that he ‘couldn’t have done it’ without her. Last night, the Baftas took place at Royal Festival Hall at London’s Southbank Centre, with stars including Michelle Yeoh, Cate Blanchett, Colin Farrell and Jamie Lee Curtis turning out to celebrate the biggest talent in film. All Quiet on the Western Front was the big winner of the night, bagging seven wins, while Austin took home the award for best actor, following on from his emotional win at the Golden Globes. While speaking at the winners’ press conference, the 31-year-old told Metro.co.uk about one of the most prominent people who was by his side while filming the Baz Luhrmann movie about Elvis Presley’s life and career. Having brought movement coach Polly as his plus one, he said: ‘Besides Baz, there’s hardly anyone that was by my side more than Polly was. ‘She was the person who, if I couldn’t sleep at three in the morning and was obsessing about this one performance – I couldn’t sleep so I’d watch this bit of footage and I’d call Polly and she’d always be there.’ Austin recalled the amount of time they spent during production on the film in Australia, having begun filming in January 2020, briefly halting for six months as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic and then wrapping in March the following year. ‘She was my rock during that time and we were also in Australia for a long, long time. I was there for over a year and a half and so we became like family in that time,’ he stated. ‘I can’t quantify how much that she actually did. I couldn’t have done it without her.’ When Austin won his Bafta, he paid homage to the Presley family, honouring Elvis’ daughter, the late Lisa Marie Presley, who died in January this year at the age of 54 after suffering a cardiac arrest. ‘I cannot thank you enough for your love and for showing me who Elvis truly was. I hope I’ve made you proud, this means the world to me,’ he said. Some people felt that Colin was ‘robbed’ of the accolade, after he missed out for his performance in The Banshees of Inisherin. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Middleton gives Prince William playful pat on the bum as Royals return to Baftas MORE : Richard E Grant apologises as he becomes choked up while announcing in memoriam segment at Baftas following wife’s death  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 