Bioengineers have devised a way of growing skin in the shape of hands that could help surgeons when grafting artificial skin onto an injured body part. Like wrapping paper, engineered skin comes in flat pieces, which can be difficult and time-consuming to stitch together around an irregularly shaped body part. Columbia University researchers say they have solved this problem by devising a way to grow engineered skin in complex, three-dimensional shapes. It would make it possible to construct, for example, a seamless ‘glove’ of skin cells that can be easily slipped onto a severely burned hand. The researchers reported their findings in a recent paper published in Science Advances. ‘Three-dimensional skin constructs that can be transplanted as ‘biological clothing’ would have many advantages,’ said lead developer Hasan Erbil Abaci, assistant professor of dermatology at Columbia University. ‘They would dramatically minimise the need for suturing, reduce the length of surgeries, and improve aesthetic outcomes,’ The current study also revealed that the continuous 3D grafts have better mechanical and functional properties than conventional, pieced-together grafts. The process of creating the new skin grafts begins with a 3D laser scan of the target structure, such as a human hand. Next, a hollow, permeable model of the hand is crafted using computer-aided design and 3D printing. The exterior of the model is then seeded with skin fibroblasts, which generate the skin’s connective tissue, and collagen, a structural protein. Finally, the outside of the mold is coated with a mixture of keratinocytes (cells that comprise most of the outer skin layer, or epidermis) and the inside is perfused with growth media, which support and nourish the developing graft. Except for the 3D scaffold, the researchers employed the same procedures used to make flat engineered skin and the entire process took the same time, about three weeks. In a first test of the 3D engineered skin, constructs composed of human skin cells were successfully grafted onto the hind limbs of mice. ‘It was like putting a pair of shorts on the mice,’ said Abaci. ‘The entire surgery took about 10 minutes,’ Four weeks later, the grafts had completely integrated with the surrounding mouse skin, and the mice had acquired full functions of the limb. Mouse skin heals differently than human skin, so the researchers next plan to test the grafts on larger animals with skin biology that more closely matches that of humans. Clinical trials on humans are likely years away. The 3D grafts are the first major re-design of engineered skin grafts since they were first introduced in the early 1980s. ‘Engineered skin started with only two cell types, but human skin has around 50 types of cells. Most research had focused on mimicking the cellular components of human skin,’ said Abaci. Abaci and his team realised they could make more lifelike grafts when 3D printers became available and could create three-dimensional scaffolds necessary for making the engineered skin. ‘We hypothesized that a 3D fully enclosed shape would more closely mimic our natural skin and be stronger mechanically, and that’s what we found,’ said Abaci. ‘Simply remaining faithful to the continuous geometry of human skin significantly improves the composition, structure, and strength of the graft,’ In the future, Abaci envisions grafts could be custom-made from a patient’s own cells. With only a 4×4 mm skin sample, enough cells can be cultured and multiplied to create enough skin to cover a human hand. ‘Another compelling use would be face transplants, where our wearable skin would be integrated with underlying tissues like cartilage, muscle, and bone, offering patients a personalized alternative to cadaver transplants,’ said Abaci. MORE : Are gel manicures safe? A new study looks into UV drying lamps and skin cancer MORE : Grapes may reduce chance of sunburn for some people, says new study