Prince William left a group of schoolchildren in fits of laughter after surprising them with a video call during their lunch break. In a video posted on TikTok the Prince of Wales appeared on a pupil’s phone screen while sitting with one of their mums. The video shows the children laughing at William’s jokes, while they sit around the table in awe of the call from the future King. The video appears to have been filmed on William’s visit to Ipswich Hospital at the weekend where he turned up unannounced so he could ‘thank staff’ and ‘find out more about the local NHS’. At the beginning of the video, William jokes about one of the pupils at the table with red hair, comparing him to Ed Sheeran. He says: ‘Who’s the guy, to the corner?’ and points to the pupil as the others laugh and the camera focuses on the boy, who giggles and bows his head. As the pupils laugh, Prince William is seen chuckling at his own joke. Then he asks: ‘Are you guys doing any work?’ to which the pupils reply: ‘No’. The pupil’s mum chips in and tells the children: ‘You should be’ before they reply to tell her they’re on their lunch break. Seeing an opportunity to make another joke, William tells the pupil: ‘Your mother’s feeding me her cakes.’ He then holds up a cupcake to the camera, before joking: ‘They’re not very good.’ The children then burst into more fits of laughter as he adds: ‘I’ve told her she wouldn’t win Bake Off.’ After the Prince cheekily laughs while looking at the mother, she can be heard saying: ‘Right, we’re going to go.’ Viewers were left baffled by the Prince’s surprise online and left comments expressing their shock. One person wrote: ‘Did he call your friend Ed Sheeran? LOL.’ Another said: ‘Bro just casually facetiming the future king.’ As many joked the Prince of Wales was doing a ‘side mission’ with his call, others suggested they would one day see the scene acted out in ‘Season 10 of The Crown’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.