2023 brides, the countdown is on. By now you are probably knee-deep in dresses, menus, music and invitations… but have you thought about your skincare? Every bride-to-be wants to look her best on the big day. A glowing, clear complexion is the aim, with all eyes – and camera lenses – on the happy couple. According to skincare experts, perfect bridal skin is all about long-term prep. However, some leave it too late to see results from their routine. Eavanna Breen, the founder of renowned skin clinic, Akina Beauty, says brides need to be more proactive when it comes to their beauty regimen. ‘Countless brides come into my clinic every year wanting the best skin of their life for their wedding day,’ she explains. ‘We can always help them achieve their best possible skin health, but so many of them leave wishing that had come in sooner, not realising the huge benefits this would have had.’ So, if you want to amp up that newlywed glow for your summer wedding, Eavanna recommends starting now. Here are her top tips: The timeline is crucial when it comes to bridal beauty prep. ‘The best time to visit your beauty therapist is eight to 12 months before the wedding,’ Eavanna advises. ‘This will allow your therapist enough time to evaluate your skin and decide on the best course of action to take.’ This is particularly pertinent if you have a skin condition such as acne, which ‘can’t be turned around in a matter of weeks.’ ‘A program of treatments is needed, diet and lifestyle need to be evaluated, and the varying changes that need to be made can take time,’ Eavanna adds, noting that some treatments make skin ‘worse before it gets better.’ She explains: ‘Some treatments require downtime, so leaving plenty of time before the wedding is advised. ‘If you don’t have a particular skin problem, a series of treatments would usually be recommended to give your skin a boost and get it in tip-top condition. Then you will be given a maintenance program to follow.’ To treat your skin in the most efficient way, visiting a professional is the best course of action. They can advise you on the best treatments for your specific skin type. ‘For example, a bride in her early twenties with a normal skin type does not need laser treatments,’ says Eavanna. ‘However, a course of gentle peels such as lactic acid peels can be of benefit and give a brighter, fresher look to the skin with a more even tone. This will also ensure makeup will sit nicely on the day.’ Because acids can cause short-term redness and irritation if not applied properly, it’s best to do the groundwork early and call in expert help if you’re unsure. Eavanna also recommends laser rejuvenation, peeling and microdermabrasion, or microneedling treatments for brides dealing with scarring or pigmentation problems, or those concerned about skin texture. Stress can aggravate skin conditions such as eczema, psoriasis and acne. If you find yourself feeling intense pressure, it’s time to practice some self-care. ‘Self-care and a healthy diet are powerful tools for combatting the effects of stress,’ says Eavanna. ‘If the bride suffers from mild eczema or psoriasis and it is aggravated by stress, she can try to cut out dairy products from her diet for a short period. ‘Meanwhile, she should also ensure that she is getting enough of the right nutrients from foods such as green leafy vegetables.’ A warm bath or using aromatherapy oils to scent your home may also help you wind down. Over the years, Eavanna has witnessed endless brides using products that are wrong for their skin type. This is why it’s useful to ask a beauty therapist or dermatologist for a proper analysis and have them teach you the basics of skin health. ‘It is so important that all brides-to-be are doing the basics correctly at home,’ she adds. ‘If they are not cleansing the skin properly, make-up will not sit well on the day, as there will be a build-up of dead skin.’ You don’t need to spend a fortune or spend hours in the bathroom every day either. A simple routine with a cleanser, moisturiser, and sunscreen in the mornings is a great place to start. Avoid any products that trigger a reaction or exacerbate issues – even if your favourite influencer loves it. As a bride, you probably have a million and one things keeping you up at night, but beauty sleep is an important part of gorgeous wedding skin. ‘Don’t stay up all night, try to get at least eight hours of sleep every night in the months before the wedding,’ Eavanna says. ‘Don’t be tempted to drink more tea or coffee than usual. The caffeine stimulates the adrenal glands causing an increase in the production of androgens, which in turn can cause the skin to produce more oil, leading to breakouts.’ We know it’s tempting with all those nerves, but she also advises steering clear of alcohol the night before your nuptials, as it ‘dehydrates the skin and can make your eyes puffy.’ ‘Also remember to drink plenty of water before the big day,’ she adds. ‘It helps to keep the skin hydrated and glowing.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Can the ‘Huda Beauty method’ hide my dark under eye circles? Let’s find out MORE : TikTok’s ‘mascara’ trend has nothing to do with makeup and everything to do with your ex MORE : ‘Dark and light feminine makeup’ is just like day-to-night beauty – and it’s universally flattering