If the second season of The White Lotus had you searching for stunning Sicilian escapes, you’re not alone. Following two picturesque seasons – the first in Hawaii and the second in Sicily – fans of the hit show are speculating where the third installment of the comedy-drama anthology will be set. And it seems a certain city has floated to the surface, following a celebrity interview. An unlikely source, sure, but Jackass star Johnny Knoxville recently spoke to Vulture about the hit drama and his friendship with the show’s creator Mike White. During the chat, Johnny discussed the cancellation of his Hulu sitcom Reboot when the topic of The White Lotus season three seemed to, accidentally, pop up. Johnny said: ‘He [Mike] and I had been in Tokyo together. I think that’s where the next… oh, I’m not giving anything away. I might call him again as soon as this is over.’ The Japanese city would also fit previous discussions from Mike White, who told Deadline: ‘The first season we highlighted money and then the second season is sex and I think the third season, it would be maybe a kind of satirical and funny look at death in Eastern religion and spirituality.’ So with Tokyo potentially on the cards (although there’s no guarantee or official confirmation), which lavish and mysterious hotel would make the cut as the backdrop for the series? We’ve rounded up five that we think would be perfect. Located about the city’s financial district (a nod to the greed theme in season one), Aman is all about championing balance and harmony with nature. All the rooms are a take on Japanese ryokan inns and feature traditional touches such as calligraphy scrolls, tatami mat rugs and earthy ceramics. Serene and sleek, this eight-storey skyscraper – with floor-to ceiling windows offering stunning views of Tokyo – is the perfect dramatic setting for a murder mystery. aman.com We can’t ignore the elephant in the room. The first two seasons of The White Lotus were filmed at the Four Seasons resorts in Hawaii and Sicily, so there’s a very strong chance it’ll be at another for the next one. The Otemachi hotel in Tokyo is the sister hotel of the long-standing Marunouchi property near Tokyo Station. Guests can marvel at the views of the imperial gardens and Mount Fuji from west-facing rooms. fourseasons.com/otemachi This impressive hotel takes up the entire building and is the city’s first luxury ryokan, fusing contemporary design with traditional touches. In terms of the set-up, the 84 guestrooms are split into groups of six over 14 floors – with each one resembling a self-contained ryokan inn, with its own Ochanoma lounge. Here, you’ll find a communal wooden table for sampling seasonal sakes. hoshinoya.com This grown-up, high-rise hotel oozes White Lotus sophistication. Perched between the 30th and 36th floors, it’s the ultimate sky-rise retreat with stunning city views. Designer Ryu Kosaka nails the alluring, nightlife vibe with the interiors – perfect for romance, deception and drama. mandarinoriental.com Boasting 180-degree views of Tokyo, the Premier Suite at this hotel is the perfect backdrop for The White Lotus. Get truly pampered at this opulent spot with a serene spa (featuring exclusive treatments), delightful afternoon tea, and the impressive cocktail offering – as well as impeccable service, with a green Rolls Royces airport pick-up and smiling bellboys dressed in top-to-toe white. peninsula.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Get the look: A joyous mix of old and new in Maison Blanche – a former naturist hotel MORE : These Cotswolds hotels are great for a weekend escape all year round MORE : Fancy a ‘soliday’? EasyJet is launching packages with discounts for solo travellers