This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Hot off the heels of chunky loafers, fashion’s latest ‘it’ shoe has landed. Mary Janes are back and have been spotted on the likes of J-Lo and Marlowe Sturridge at New York Fashion Week. They are the latest shoe to have a revival, following in the footsteps of ballet flats. With bouts of popularity in the 60s and 90s – as well as the Indie Sleaze era – these chunky-yet-comfy shoes are back with a bang. So it seems the footwear is the latest in a long line of Y2K trends to make a resurgence. Stylist Alice Nichol tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Mary Janes are an absolute classic style shoe which to many people are already a coveted wardrobe staple. Largely associated with 1920s styling or the school girl preppy look, it is this last association that is putting in firmly back in the spotlight. ‘Y2K trends are so prominent right now and many other associations are having a revival as a result. ‘Cher loved her Mary Janes in Clueless (the ultimate preppy cool school girl of the 90s) and combined with the hippest Netflix revival Wednesday, this mix of preppy-meets-tweed, with a touch of Y2K grunge, just screams out for a Mary Jane shoe.’ Alice explains that, being relatively flat or with a small heel, Mary Janes are a comfortable footwear choice – but the chunkiness allows people to update their shoe collection, without pushing themselves too outside their comfort zone. They’re also a great alternative to the trainers and boots that have dominated our wardrobes over the winter months. Alice adds: ‘For the person who loves their heels, they are so chic and elegant – whether you pick a T-bar style or classic Mary Jane, platform or stiletto. But they are also so very comfortable and can elevate any simple work from home to office, to drinks with friends look. ‘I am already eyeing my pairs on Vinted and the high street.’ So, perhaps the most important question: how can we style them? ‘The Mary Jane will go with practically anything, the trick is to mix preppy with something edgy,’ explains Alice. ‘Alexa Cheung has rocked the Mary Jane as a wardrobe staple for years and she will mix them with the classic mini dress and a statement jacket – just as much as a pair of loose 90s style jeans and a knit.’ They’re a flattering choice, too. The low bar across the arch of the foot helps to elongate the leg and highlight the ankle – without cutting it off. Alice adds: ‘So if wearing with trousers, make sure you show off the Mary Jane, turn them up or have altered so finish just above the ankle and highlight the delightful shoe. ‘Platform Mary Janes can bring an edge to a pretty floral dress, as seen at Prada, while a simple flat in a gorgeous statement colour can add a delicate touch to a grunge baggy trousers and cropped t-shirt combo.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Inspired by Rihanna? The best red statement outfits to buy right now MORE : Pearl jewellery for men is having a moment MORE : George at ASDA launches adapted clothing range for children with disabilities