A body found in the River Wyre has been formally identified as that of Nicola Bulley. The mother-of-two was found on Sunday a mile from where she was last seen, walking her dog in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire, three weeks ago. Her death is still being treated as ‘unexplained’ while post-mortem examinations continue. The family said their ‘worst fears’ had been confirmed, adding that they will ‘never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments’. In a statement released via police, they paid tribute to Nicola as ‘the centre of our world … the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that’. They also criticised ‘appalling’ claims in the press and on social media about Nicola’s partner, Paul Ansell, as well as her friends and family. Mr Ansell previously said he was in ‘agony’ after learning of the body’s discovery, though he has yet to publicly comment since the formal identification was confirmed. The find concludes a major search of the area which saw specialists comb a large stretch of the river for days on end. Speaking at a press briefing at police headquarters on Monday, Assistant Chief Constable Peter Lawson confirmed the body had been identified as Ms Bulley. He said: ‘Sadly, we are now able to confirm that yesterday we recovered Nicola Bulley from the River Wyre. Nicola’s family have been informed and are of course devastated. Our thoughts are with them at this time as well as with all her loved ones and the wider community. ‘We recognise the huge impact that Nicola’s disappearance has had on her family and friends, but also on the people of St Michael’s. ‘We would like to thank all of those who have helped during what has been a hugely complex and highly emotional investigation. ‘Today’s development is not the outcome any of us would have wanted, but we hope that it can at least start to provide some answers for Nicola’s loved ones, who remain foremost in our thoughts.’ Concluding a statement read out by Lancashire Police, the family said: ‘Friends, you know who you are. Thank you. ‘Our hearts truly break for others who have missing loved ones, keep that hope alive. ‘Finally, Nikki. You are no longer a missing person. You have been found. We can let you rest now. We love you, always have and always will. We will take it from here.’ Nicola’s body is understood to have been found among reeds, making it difficult for experts to find her. Specialist divers who volunteered to scan the riverbed with state-of-the-art equipment said she was ‘categorically not’ in the section where police believe she fell in. Specialist Group International (SGI) said they searched the bed near where Nicola was eventually found ‘for four hours on our first day’ but that they were ‘not involved or tasked with’ the search of the riverbank, which includes reeds. Police were alerted to the body shortly before midday on Sunday by a pair of dog walkers. Lancashire Police chief superintendent Bob Eastwood said the force had received an ‘absolute onslaught’ of criticism for failing to find Nicola sooner which was based on misunderstandings. He told BBC Breakfast on Monday: ‘The way the tide comes and goes…it is possible that the body could have flowed in and flowed out and has eventually been given up by the water. ‘To jump in… and automatically assume that the body was there the whole time is a step too far.’ It’s believed an inquest will soon be launched to establish the exact circumstances of Nicola’s death. The 45-year-old, who worked as a mortgage adviser, was last seen with her springer spaniel Willow after dropping off her two daughters, aged six and nine, at school on January 27. Willow was found wandering loose the same morning along with Nicola’s phone, which was still logged onto a conference call, on a bench by a steep riverbank. Detectives say she may have fallen into the river and drowned after dropping her dog’s ball and trying to retrieve it. There remains no indication of foul play or third-party involvement. Police are also continuing to investigate the hacking of Paul’s social media accounts.