Madonna’s daughter Lourdes Leon faced a bit of an awkward moment while trying to get into a prestigious Marc Jacobs fashion show this week. The model, 26, is the daughter of global pop icon Madonna, 64, who recently announced a massive world tour including a whopping six nights in London’s O2 arena. While Lourdes is making a name for herself in the music and fashion world in her own right, and having a famous mum doesn’t hurt, Lourdes learned this week that these privileges don’t open up every door – if you’ve turned up late, that is. The Lock&Key singer was photographed showing up to the Marc Jacobs Runway Show at the Park Avenue Armory in New York City on Thursday, looking the part in an all-denim outfit including a denim handbag. However while she looked striking with her long brunette locks, ripped denim dress and jacket, and white knee-high heeled boots, the model was turned away at the door as she was late. Lourdes was forced to turn around and wait for the show to finish, before being allowed to come back and gain entry to the second show later in the evening. The awkward moment was caught on camera as Lourdes – who previously modeled for Marc Jacobs – and a companion were seen speaking with security, before being turned back. Lourdes was snapped heading back down the steps away from the venue, covering her face with her hand. Photos taken at one point of the conversation with security show the brunette beauty looking downcast and tearful, her arms crossed as she looks up at the venue. She was later seen appearing to wipe tears from her face as she headed away from the building. It come after the star, who has previously modeled for the likes of Calvin Klein, released new – and explicit – song following her music debut last summer. The singer released R-rated track C*ntradiction in November last year, complete with a  music video featuring her crawling on the floor and dancing provocatively in revealing outfits. Meanwhile, Like A Prayer icon Madonna is preparing to set off on a mammoth world tour later this year to celebrate the 40th anniversary of her iconic career, the first gig of which will be in Vancouver on July 15. The Queen of Pop will perform 35 gigs in North America in cities including Phoenix, Seattle, Denver, and more, and will be hitting up 11 European cities throughout the fall, of which London currently has the most dates. Her tour will pay homage to her incredible 40 years in the music business, with fans ready to hear classic bops from Material Girl to Holiday and more. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna recreates Wednesday Addams’ viral TikTok dance, and fans are waiting for Lady Gaga to respond MORE : Madonna adds sixth London date after massive demand for world tour – and it’s the last one  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 