If there’s one thing you don’t want to see when returning to your car, it’s this. But it was the reality for one driver who was greeted to his vehicle blockaded by scaffolding after business owner Colin Shaw became so fed-up with cars parking outside the entrance to his warehouse. Mr Shaw, director of Shaw Scaffolding Services, said drivers regularly ignore the ‘no parking’ sign outside the building in Seaham, County Durham. So he decided to take matters into his own hands when it happened again on Tuesday. ‘It’s not the first time it’s happened to my allotment where I store my materials, we have “no parking” signs but people won’t adhere to them,’ he said. ‘I went to get some materials from there to do a job, and I couldn’t get in properly to get my equipment out due to somebody parking their car there, even though it was all signposted. ‘I need to be in there 24 hours a day, so to teach them a lesson, I put scaffolding up around his car so he couldn’t move it. ‘He could have cost me a day’s wage and my two men, we had work to do and it slowed us up a bit. ‘People in the street were coming out watching and laughing, the woman next door couldn’t believe what we were doing, she was laughing along.’ Mr Shaw compared the action wheel-clamping and wanted the driver to understand his frustrations. He said the driver initially didn’t see the funny side when returning to his car – but eventually the pair both laughed it off after a chat. Mr Shaw said: ‘It all ended okay, we’re all quite happy.’ Last November, seaside drivers were fuming after a council replaced high demand parking spaces with a new bike shelter. Dozens of spaces were filled with eco-friendly cycle hangars – which can hold six bikes. But the £500,000 scheme left locals, some of whom have paid up to £385 for an on-street parking space, fuming as they claim they can no longer leave their cars outside their homes. At the time, the council said they were aware of the issue but plan to bring around 150 cycle hangars by spring, creating a total of 900 spaces for bikes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.