Jansen Panettiere flashed a wide smile in a final photograph two weeks before his death at the age of 28. The Walking Dead star, brother of Scream star Hayden Panettiere, is thought to have died over the weekend in New York. No details of his death have been released, and his loved ones have not yet publicly spoken about the tragedy. However a family source reportedly confirmed the news to US outlets TMZ and Deadline. Condolences and messages of support have flooded out from fans of the young actor, who also appeared in the likes of Even Stevens and Everybody Hates Chris. And in the last photograph of himself posted to social media, Panettiere was full of life, as he showed off some art skills in New York. In the snap, Panettiere gives a wide, open-mouthed smile to the camera as he take a selfie with a pal of his in the background, both posing around a freshly-painted, rainbow-coloured design on a wall in New York. He captioned it with the tongue-in-cheek message: ‘Graffiti is illegal.’ Panettiere was hugely interested in art and graffiti and often shared his designs to Instagram, with selfies far rarer. In his last-ever posts, uploaded three days ago, Panettiere shared an art piece, the person the piece was based off standing beside the finished product. and aa more abstract design. Panettiere and his older sister, Nashville star Hayden, both carved out careers for themselves in acting, though he appeared to take a stronger interest in art as he grew older. The New York-born star made his screen debut in an episode of comedy Even Stevens, alongside Shia LaBeouf and Nick Spano, as well as Third Watch, Hope & Faith and Everybody Hates Chris. One of his most notable roles came in 2019 when he landed a part in The Walking Dead as Casper, and he also played a recurring role in Nickelodeon’s The Xs as Truman X. He also showed off his talents on the big screen in Robots, Ice Age: The Meltdown, The Perfect Game and Summer Forever, and more. The brother and sister even shared the screen on a number of occasions, including 2004’s Tiger Cruise, Racing Stripes in 2005 and The Forger, in 2012. In January, Panettiere shared a sweet black-and-white snap of his sister playing with his hair, alongside the caption: ‘Not the first haircut she’s tried to give me.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hayden Panettiere’s brother Jansen, star of The Walking Dead, dies aged 28 MORE : The Walking Dead’s Jeffrey Dean Morgan still gets ‘s***’ for particularly brutal Negan moment  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 