Disgraced pop star Gary Glitter has been freed from jail after serving half of sentence. He was sentenced to 16 years in 2015 for sexually abusing three schoolgirls. According to PA, the 79-year-old left HMP The Verne – a low security category C jail in Portland, Dorset – today after eight years behind bars. Glitter, whose real name is Paul Gadd, was at the height of his fame when he preyed on his vulnerable victims who thought no-one would believe their claims over that of a celebrity. He attacked two girls, aged 12 and 13, after inviting them backstage to his dressing room, and isolating them from their mothers. His third victim was less than 10 years old when he crept into her bed and tried to rape her in 1975. The allegations only came to light nearly 40 years later when Glitter became the first person to be arrested under Operation Yewtree – the investigation launched by the Metropolitan Police in the wake of the Jimmy Savile scandal. Sentencing the singer, Judge Alistair McCreath said all the victims were ‘profoundly affected’ by the abuse. He said it was ‘difficult to overstate the gravity of this dreadful behaviour’ when referring to the assault on one victim, telling Glitter he was able to attack another ‘only’ because of his fame. The court heard there was no evidence the former singer had atoned for his actions after he was found guilty of one count of attempted rape, one count of unlawful sexual intercourse with a girl under 13, and four counts of indecent assault. He later lost a Court of Appeal challenge against his conviction. Glitter’s fall from grace occurred years earlier after he admitted possessing 4,000 child pornography images and was jailed for four months in 1999. In 2002, he was expelled from Cambodia amid reports of sex crime allegations, and in March 2006 he was convicted of sexually abusing two girls, aged 10 and 11, in Vietnam and spent two-and-a-half years in jail. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.