It could be time to drill down to the core of a troubling issue and listen to your gut feelings. Gemini might need to make a decision and be confident about it, and Cancer could avoid getting bamboozled by trusting their intuition. Sagittarius might need to draw concrete answers out of a cryptic person, while Capricorn could avoid getting tripped up by ironing out wrinkles in their plans. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 27, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Something on your mind? Today’s Quarter Moon encourages you to talk about it. Getting it out in the open could help you feel positive rather than mired in self-doubt and enable you to make a decision. From here, you’ll have a clear path to implementing a solution and settling this for good. April 21 to May 21 The thought could occur that someone is worth getting to know because they are useful. Don’t feel bad – all relationships work on this principle, even if it’s not immediately obvious. There’s nothing wrong with making the most of the opportunities available. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 It helps to be consistent if you’re involved in something important. The Moon in your sign suggests you might keep changing your mind, meaning progress may be delayed. It’s best to stick to decision, even if you can think of a hundred reasons why you’re wrong. All will be well. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Trust your intuition and don’t be bamboozled by facts that maybe misleading. You could get caught up in the rights and wrongs of something and end up going round in circles. The Quarter Moon in your spiritual zone, encourages you to believe that the feelings you have are the right ones. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If you’re going to team up with others, you may need to share some things you’d prefer to keep private. Today’s lunation could find you keen to keep your cards close to your chest and worry that others may steal your ideas. But without trust this project may not work, which would be a shame. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The Quarter Moon in your sector of ambition is a chance to make sure everyone is on the same page before you commit to a goal. With a strong emphasis on your sector of relating, your focus is more on others and their feelings. Still, it’s important to make your voice heard, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Ready to explore new paths that could take you out of your comfort zone? A lively lunar phase suggests this could be time to make new discoveries, seize opportunities and embrace the idea of personal growth. There’s no knowing where it might lead – but you’ll enjoy the journey. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Been thinking about a short break? If so, travel plans might come together fairly fast. A dynamic blend of energies could spark ideas of places to go and you might get a good deal price wise, too. A friend with connections could make an excellent travel companion. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Today’s Quarter Moon could involve a lot of conversations, as issues may need to be addressed so you can forward with an idea. Other people’s opinion could be crucial. If someone is being purposely vague, you’ll need to put them on the spot with a few well aimed questions to avoid delays. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Before you proceed any further, it’s wise to be clear in your own mind what you are doing. Today’s lunar phase suggests drilling down into the detail. There’s a chance you’ve missed something that could cause a snarl up. Time spent today going over your plans may reveal some mistakes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A resourceful focus could inspire you to start a small business to earn some extra cash. If you have been toying with this idea, today’s Sun/Moon angle could find you keen to take things one step further. Don’t wait too long. You could soon be supplementing your income and enjoying doing so. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Today’s Quarter Moon in Gemini can coincide with a turning point regarding a family project. If everyone is happy, it’s full steam ahead. If not, go back to the drawing board. Sparkling influences can bring insights. If you’ve had difficulty solving an issue, positive solutions could emerge. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Venus in Aries makes for drama in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care