Iain Lee had some strong words for Steve Allen following his departure from LBC. The broadcaster announced on Friday (February 24) that he had stepped down from the station after 44 years on air, having already recorded his last show. Allen, 68, who hosted the early morning breakfast show, wrote on Twitter: ‘Some news from me, firstly thanks for all your questions. My contract with LBC is up shortly and following discussions, I’m stepping down from LBC today. ‘I’d like to thank you all for listening over the last 44 years it’s been an honour and a privilege,’ he added. And while tributes have poured in with listeners recalling their favourite moments of Allen on the airwaves, one person isn’t so keen about leaving a glowing review for him. Lee, 49, was eager to remind people of Allen’s controversial comments, particularly remarks he made about Tilly Ramsay in 2021. ‘You’ll see a lot of tributes to Steve Allen. A lot of them coming from older white men’, Lee began in a tweet. ‘None of them will address this fat shaming incident or any of the 100’s of other. ‘Before you praise him, read this and imagine he’s talking about your daughter’, he added, alongside an article from Metro.co.uk on the incident. Lee concluded: ‘Working in radio for 44 years, being labelled a legend by a few, does not exclude you from scrutiny, responsibility and common decency. #steveallen’. The former Jack FM host stepped down from his own radio career earlier this year to focus on his counselling work. When Tilly, then 19 – daughter of Gordon Ramsay – appeared on Strictly Come Dancing, Allen received criticism for his comments on her body size. In October 2021, the host attracted 800 angry complaints after describing the contestant as a ‘chubby little thing’ live on air. He faced wide-spread criticism after saying that he was ‘bored’ with the now 21-year-old’s performances on the BBC’s flagship dance show. Allen also referred to her celebrity chef father Gordon Ramsay when saying her physical appearance was probably to do with ‘her dad’s cooking’. At the time, he issued a private apology to the TV presenter. But, Gordon wasn’t happy keeping things behind closed doors. After his daughter hit back at Allen’s remarks, the chef addressed the vile comments during an Instagram Live: ‘It made me feel very proud that she stood up and said, “I’m not taking this.”‘ Hitting back at Allen, he continued: ‘She is 19-years of age for goodness sake – busting her a**e off and attending university by Zoom and learning the most extraordinary moves with Nikita [Kuzmin]. ‘I think it was a breath of fresh air that level of standing up and saying, “We’re not going to tolerate that.”‘ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Abbington admits she landed Sherlock role due to ‘nepotism’ and relationship with Martin Freeman MORE : Maisie Williams and boyfriend Reuben Selby announce ‘amicable’ split after 5 years  