British hero Andy Murray has reached his first final on the ATP Tour since June at the Qatar Open after beating Jiri Lehecka in an absolute thriller and hailed the result one of the ‘most amazing turnarounds’ in his career. The three-time Grand Slam champion, who plays with a metal hip, rolled back the years as he saved five match points on his way to a remarkable victory to make it 6-0 in deciding sets in 2023 after being taken to three sets in all four of his matches at the event so far. Murray claimed a bagel set but the Czech star bounced back to force a decider before the 35-year-old saved two match points on his own serve and then three as Lehecka served for the win as the Brit broke back and won the tiebreak 8-6. Murray’s 6-0 3-6 7-6 win over Lehecka – an Australian Open quarter-finalist last month – means he will now face Daniil Medvedev or Felix Auger-Aliassime in the final on Saturday, looking for his first trophy since he won in Antwerp in 2019. Two-time Wimbledon winner Murray finished as a runner-up at two ATP events last year but has not any lifted silverware on Tour in over three years, last doing so when he beat Stan Wawrinka at the European Open in Belgium. Speaking after his incredible win over Lehecka in Qatar, Murray said: ‘That was one of the most amazing turnarounds I’ve had in my career. ‘He obviously had the three match points at 5-4 but I also think when I was serving at 5-3 and yeah, I don’t know. ‘I knew it was his first time serving for a final so I had to make sure that I tried to kept pressure on at the end because I know how difficult it is to serve matches like that out but yeah, I have no idea how I managed to turn that one around to be honest. ‘The adrenaline is pumping after a match like that. I’m sure there’ll be a little fatigue tomorrow but I’ve got a great team behind me. ‘Phil Hayward, my physio, is a fantastic man and he’s got a job on his hands tonight to put me back together again for tomorrow.’ Friday’s victory is another impressive triumph for Murray, who had career-saving hip surgery in January 2019 after being told he would never play professional tennis again. MORE : Andy Murray reaches first semi-final in eight months after comeback victory MORE : Andy Murray's amazing ability to put mind over matter should inspire us all 