They play love interests in the big screen boxing movie franchise Creed, and Michael B. Jordan and Tessa Thompson have shown how close they are at their latest premiere. The two actors have played Adonis ‘Donnie’ Creed and Bianca Taylor over the past three movies, which began with the release of the first back in 2015. Now they are back again for the third instalment, which will be released in cinemas in coming weeks. On Wednesday night in London the pair hit the red carpet to promote their movie, which Michael also directed. Several snaps showed them embracing and laughing together as they prepared to walk into Cineworld in Leicester Square. They were also joined by other stars of the movie, including Jonathan Majors, who plays Damian Anderson. The trio also posed with producer Sue Kroll and Head of Amazon Studios Jennifer Salke. This movie follows Adonis after he’s conquered the boxing world and has been thriving in not only his career, but his family life. But when childhood friend and former boxing prodigy, Damian, resurfaces after serving a long sentence in prison, he is eager to prove that he deserves his shot in the ring. The face- off between former friends then becomes more than just a fight and to ‘settle the score’ Adonis is forced to put his future on the line to battle a fighter who has nothing to lose. The film, which is co-written by Ryan Coogler, will be the first in the Rocky franchise not to feature Sylvester Stallone as Rocky Balboa. Creed 3 will be released in UK cinemas on March 3, 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sylvester Stallone says hanging up Rocky gloves and not starring in Creed III was ‘regretful’ MORE : Sylvester Stallone lands family reality show with wife Jennifer Flavin and we’re already hooked  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 