Sir Keir Starmer has said Jeremy Corbyn ‘will not stand as a Labour candidate at the next general election.’ Corbyn, who led the party for five years from 2015, had the whip removed from him in 2020 after saying antisemitism within the party had been ‘dramatically overstated’. Sir Keir said: ‘Let me be very clear about that. Jeremy Corbyn will not stand for labour or the next general election as a Labour Party candidate. ‘What I said about the party changing meant that we are not going back and that is why Jeremy Corbyn will not stand as a Labour candidate at the next general election.’ He said he had ‘challenged’ Jeremy Corbyn ‘both in the shadow cabinet and publicly’ on antisemitism. Corbyn made the comments following a report by the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) which stated the party had breached the Equalities Act over its handling of complaints of anti-Semitism during his tenure. Asked by reporters whether he could see antisemitism spreading in the party while he was in Mr Corbyn’s shadow cabinet, the Labour leader said: ‘As you know, it’s a matter of record that on antisemitism I challenged the previous leader both in the shadow cabinet and publicly on that. ‘And it’s absolutely clear that the Labour Party lost its way and that’s why I knew that my first duty as leader of the Labour Party was to change the Labour Party and to tear antisemitism out. ‘That’s why on my acceptance speech, I made an apology on behalf of the Labour Party and made that my commitment.’ On whether he will put Momentum, the grassroots movement supportive of Mr Corbyn, ‘on notice’, Sir Keir said: ‘Well, I have many powers and duties and responsibilities in the Labour Party, but that one is not for me, I’m afraid. ‘But look, whatever group or individual in the Labour Party, I think the message from this morning couldn’t be clearer. ‘This is an important day. It’s a day of reflection. The change that we brought about is substantial and it is permanent. ‘The Labour Party has changed. And if there’s anyone in the Labour Party that does not like that change, then my message to them is very clear this morning: the door is open, and you can leave.’ He added: ‘I understand that some people won’t like the changes that we’ve made.’ ‘But I say this with all candour. The Labour Party is unrecognisable from 2019 and it will never go back. It will never again be a party captured by pro interest will never again lose sight of its purpose or its morals. ‘It will never again be brought to its knees by racism or bigotry.’ Mr Corbyn’s next steps are unclear, but if he decides to run as an independent MP Labour would face a challenge to win his seat of Islington North. The left-wing veteran commands significant local support there having represented the London constituency for forty years. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.