Lauren Goodger and her ex-boyfriend Charles Drury treated their 19-month-old daughter Larose to a day out at Woburn Safari Park on Monday. Towie star Lauren, 36, and builder Charles, 25, appeared amicable during the outing and chatted away as they strolled through a carpark. The pair are thought to have split in August, the same month Charles was arrested and bailed after allegedly assaulting Lauren. Charles’ alleged assault, which he denies, is said to have taken place on the day of their daughter Lorena’s funeral. He was bailed after being arrested. Lorena tragically died in July after being born with her umbilical cord wrapped around her neck. Stepping out on Monday, doting mum Lauren donned a pair of black leggings, a comfy top and stylish bomber jacket, while Charles wore a blue tracksuit. He wrapped Larose in his arms as he and his ex walked towards one of the safari park’s jeeps. Lauren’s outing comes after she opened up about the brutal impact of her baby daughter’s death and how it affected her own health. Speaking out in an interview for one of the first times since Lorena’s death, the reality TV icon said last month that she stopped eating in the aftermath due to stress. Lauren said: ‘I lost nearly three stone after I lost Lorena because of the stress. I didn’t eat. ‘I’m now eating again and I’ve put a stone back on because I’m being more healthy.’ She added to OK!: ‘I stayed indoors and I didn’t go out, and now I feel I’m in a better place mentally. This year is about focusing on me and getting back on track.’ After removing herself from the limelight for several months, the influencer is slowly but surely returning to public life, recently putting on a brave face at The Inspiration Awards in London. ‘I’ve turned a lot of things down, but I feel like I had to attend this one,’ she said of her attendance at the event. Adding that she was ‘grateful’ to be there, she admitted to feeling ‘nervous’ at the time. ‘I feel like I’ve been through a hell of a lot and I feel like it was the right one for me to go to. I’ve been asked to do a lot of things, I’m coming back slowly.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West and new ‘wife’ Bianca Censori prove they’re still going strong as they run errands in LA MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins star forced to take more than a month off work after filming due to horrific injury 