Katie Price has revealed the emotional toll on her family after being contacted by the Metropolitan Police to inform her that officers had been sharing ‘inappropriate’ content about her son Harvey Price. The My Crazy Life star, 44, was left ‘disgusted’ after learning of the ‘derogatory’ messages, including images, which were allegedly posted by Met Police officers on Whatsapp between 2016 and 2018. Harvey, 20, is Katie’s eldest son and has Prader-Willi syndrome, a genetic condition resulting in obesity, and Septo-Optic Dysplasia, which affects sight and the development of the brain. Speaking out about the horrific claims, the former glamour model has said: ‘These are the people who are supposed to be protecting us, people we are supposed to trust. ‘It’s pure betrayal, I was in shock at first, then I felt sick, heartbroken and angry. It’s not enough for these people to just lose their jobs if found guilty, if this has happened to a vulnerable adult like Harvey, it will be happening to others.’ She added to The Sunday Mirror: ‘I can stick up for myself. When it comes to my son, it’s different. ‘Harvey is so vulnerable, so innocent. He doesn’t have a bad bone in his body – all he wants is to love people and be happy. He doesn’t deserve this from anyone.’ Katie went on to reveal that her youngest children Jett, nine, and Bunny, eight- who she shares with ex-husband Kieran Hayler – have been left ‘in tears’ by the ordeal as they’re ‘very protective’ of their big brother Harvey. Her other children, Junior, 17, and Princess, 15, are also ‘furious’ about it and have been asked about it in school. Over the weekend, the reality star took to Instagram to reveal she had been hand-delivered a letter from an officer which stated that a ‘number’ of officers are accused of ‘being part of a WhatsApp group chat that has posted inappropriate and discriminatory image of your son, Harvey Price’. ‘The officers will now be subject to a Gross Misconduct Hearing’ due to take place on February 20, the letter reads. Sharing the shocking letter, Katie said: ‘It’s disgusting that police officers from here have felt the need to laugh and use disgusting content on Harvey by creating a [WhatsApp] group.’ ‘They need to be named shamed and exposed.’ In a refer notice regarding the hearing, the allegations are understood to concern the officers’ membership of a WhatsApp group between 2016 and 2018. Contacted by Metro.co.uk, a representative for the Met were unable to give further detail due to the upcoming misconduct hearing. Eight officers are due in court on Monday in relation to the allegations that their conduct amounted to breaches of the Standards of Professional Behaviour: PS Luke Thomas, Former A/PS Luke Allen, former PC Kelsey Buchan, former PC Carlo Francisco, former PC Lee South, former PC Darren Jenner, PC Glynn Rees, and’ Officer B. The hearing will begin from 10am Monday morning and is expected to continue for four days. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price ‘disgusted’ as son Harvey subject of ‘inappropriate and discriminatory’ images posted in WhatsApp group by Met Police officers MORE : Katie Price debuts hair transformation while shopping with Bunny and Jett in Bangkok 