Adele leaned in for a smooch on the cheek with celebrity chef and friend Gordon Ramsay during a recent Las Vegas residency performance. The singer, 34, was entertaining crowds at one of her sell-out Caesar’s Palace show in Sin City on Saturday when she noticed the famous face sitting in the audience. Gordon, 56, sat in the impressive venue that held 4,000 eager Adele fans and exchanged hellos with the popstar that reciprocated the greeting without missing a note of her iconic ballad  – When We Were Young. A smile spread across her face when she spotted her fellow Brit in the audience and she raced over to the top chef to welcome him to the show. The pair embraced and shared a quick peck in front of the packed out hall before letting go of each other’s hands and getting back to the night’s agenda. Donning a plunging black gown that glittered under the Palace’s concert room lights, Adele stunned in her ensemble and twisted her hair into a classic up-do. Following the show, Gordon took to Instagram to gush over the songstress and share his evening with his 14million followers. Alongside a video that captured the sweet moment, he penned: ‘Hello….it’s an incredible show by @adele tonight ! Stunning performance. Congrats @caesarspalace [sic]’. Underneath the footage, the chef’s daughter Holly shared her disappointment at missing the opportunity to spend the night with the award-winning artist. She wrote: ‘The one weekend I’m not with you…. [sic]’. The infamous cooking show host was in Las Vegas to celebrate the fifth anniversay of his restaurant Hell’s Kitchen and to commemorate serving two million diners. Clips of the celebrations were also uploaded to the restaruanteurs social media as he offered fans a glimpse into how he spend the night before heading off to enjoy Adele’s music. Appearing in his signature white chef’s coat, the star kept it casual in jeans and trainers as he walked down the strip and into the eatery that was made famous after the television contest show of the same name. He captioned the video: ‘The doors to @hellskitchen have now been open for 5 incredible years with 2 Million Guests ! Thank you to everyone who’s made these 5 years a massive success and here’s to 2 million more Gx [sic]’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gordon Ramsay petrified his daughters will appear on Love Island without telling him MORE : Adele’s only attending the Super Bowl just to fangirl over Rihanna and who can blame her?