Leonardo DiCaprio was spotted leaving London hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in the early hours of Wednesday morning with model Josie Redmond. The Titanic star, 49, kept a low-profile as he exited the venue wearing a baseball cap and facemask, while 21-year-old Josie cut a stylish figure in an all-black ensemble. Leo’s outing comes hot on the heels of reports he’s keen to shake rumours he only dates much younger women. While Josie has less than ten thousand followers on Instagram, she’s built up an impressive modelling CV, having worked for the likes of 7 For All Mankind and Paige Denim. According to her Freedom Models profile, she’s an ‘American model with Southern charm’ and in her spare time likes to ‘watch sunsets’ and ‘hike with her dog’. MailOnline exclusively obtained the photos and also reported on Josie’s age, adding that Leonardo left Chiltern Firehouse with the model at 4am. Earlier this month, a source told the paper that the Oscar-winner is looking to shake rumours about his love life. Leonardo has made headlines over his dating history following his high-profile split from Camila Morrone shortly after her 25th birthday and was also incorrectly linked to 19-year-old model Eden Polani. ‘Leo is very single right now and he is not keen on the hype suggesting that he is seeking out these very young women,’ a source said. ‘He is looking for something more mature in the relationship department. ‘It is just ridiculous because he cannot go anywhere without being linked to the youngest beautiful woman there. ‘He wants to ditch this image once and for all and he is really bothered that this continues to follow him.’ ‘Leo wants something like he had with Camila, something real,’ they added. The Wolf of Wall Street star has always made sure to keep his private life firmly behind closed doors, and is rarely spotted in public with his partners. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Leonardo’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Good Morning Britain descends into chaos with penis jokes and X-rated blunders first thing in the morning MORE : Love Island fans accuse Olivia Hawkins of ripping off Molly-Mae Hague phrase: ‘It doesn’t hit the same’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 