Seann Walsh’s newborn daughter has a very fancy name. The comedian became a dad for the first time last week, welcoming a baby girl with his girlfriend Grace Adderley. Seann, 37, has now shared what his little one’s name is – and it’s certainly a celebrity moniker. Sharing the cutest snap of her his little one sleeping soundly, he wrote that she’s called Wylda Primrose Adderley-Walsh. ‘I’m really hoping she’s posher than us. Can you tell’, he joked. Having already shared a few photos of his daughter, he added: ‘Can’t wait until the day she makes me take these down’. Seann also offered an update on his other half, saying he can now ‘breathe’ as the new mum is doing ‘better’ after giving birth. ‘Turns out I could have probably gone to the comedy awards so I will be having words later’, the funny man joked, having skipped Friday night’s bash to stay home with his family. Seann later revealed what he would have called his daughter had she been a boy and, well, we’re not sure if he’s being serious. Taking to his Instagram Story, the I’m A Celebrity star smiled as baby Wylda snuggled into his chest. ‘Ghostbusters is on’, he wrote. ‘If she’d been a boy, she would have been called Charlie Egon’, he penned, referencing the fictional character in the Ghostbusters franchise. ‘I’m not joking’. Seann then posted a snap of mum and baby sharing a sweet moment, praising his other half with the words ‘girl power’. On Seann’s part, though, Wylda’s delivery wasn’t such smooth sailing, as the comic actually passed out! He stated in a joyful announcement video last Sunday: ‘So, Grace has had our baby and [I’m] sat here in the very relaxing postnatal department and the staff have been great. ‘The nurses have been coming up to me all morning and congratulating me which has just been lovely.’ He then quipped: ‘I didn’t realise how many people knew what the Chortle comedy award for best show was but, you know, these nurses have their finger on the pulse. They really do.’ Seann returned to the platform later on to share a pretty amusing tidbit about the birth, writing: ‘Oh btw. I passed out during the birth. Of course I did. ‘The nurse’s response… “Men”. Fair.’ Their baby’s arrival came after Seann and Grace, who have been dating since 2019, shared that they wouldn’t be finding out the baby’s sex until they were born. ‘We’ve decided not to find out if we’re having a girl or a boy until the big day, and I don’t have a preference, but for some reason I can only picture a boy,’ he revealed alongside Grace in an interview with Hello! magazine. Discussing their plans for the birth, he joked: ‘Grace will be immersed in the miracle of it all, while I’ll be thinking, “This could make a good 10 minutes on stage”.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Scarlett Moffatt announces she’s expecting her first child with boyfriend Scott Dobinson: ‘A dream come true’ MORE : Molly-Mae Hague’s cats seem obsessed with new baby Bambi already as she dubs pets ‘best bouncers’  