Mason Greenwood today had all charges of attempted rape, assault and coercive control against him dropped. The Manchester United striker, 21, was arrested in January last year. Nike would later suspend its relationship with Greenwood and the player was deleted off FIFA 22. Greater Manchester Police have confirmed the charges against him have all been discontinued by the Crown Prosecution Service. Chief Superintendent Michaela Kerr, the force’s head of public protection, said: ‘Given the significant media coverage of this case, it is only fair that we share the news that the 21-year-old man, who had been arrested and charged in connection with an investigation opened in January 2022, no longer faces criminal proceedings in relation to this. ‘The investigation team has remained in regular contact with the legal team, providing any updates of note, and so understand the rationale for the discontinuation of proceedings at this stage, and that this decision has not been taken lightly. ‘Despite the media and public’s interest in this case, we have decided not to comment on it in any further detail. ‘I would, however, like to use this opportunity to reiterate GMP’s commitment to investigating allegations of violence against women and girls and supporting those affected, regardless of their circumstances, throughout what can be a hard and upsetting time for them. ‘An ever increasing number of officers are receiving specialist training and the force is more consistently utilising tools, available via the criminal justice system, to keep people safe and care for victims. ‘If you feel you are or might be a victim, please don’t let this case put you off asking for help. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.