A Capital Radio DJ has issued an apology after being slammed for making a horrific joke about Turkey following the earthquake which has devastated the country and Syria. Ant Payne hosts a Drivetime show on the radio station between 4pm-7pm, and made the joke during his programme on Monday. He had suggested during his show that ‘now is actually the best time to start looking at some cheap flights away to Turkey, over the next few years’ before adding: ‘Get your teeth done while you are over there. ‘Come back looking 19 years old. You’ll be on Love Island next year if you are doing that.’ Payne has since addressed his comments, tweeting on Tuesday morning: ‘Hi guys, I want to address the comment I made last night on the show. It was insensitive and ill timed. ‘I would never wish to offend anyone from my shows. My sincere and wholehearted apologies.’ More than 35,000 people have died in Turkey a week after the tremor struck the country, while a further 5.7k have been killed in Syria. Tens of thousands of buildings collapsed in the south of Turkey as well as northeastern Syria. Entire neighbourhoods were flattened in many towns nearer the epicentre of the 7.8-magnitude shock, which was followed hours later by an aftershock nearly as powerful. Payne’s apology appears to be a change of tune to yesterday, when he suggested he didn’t make the joke live on-air. One listener tweeted the presenter: ‘Cant believe I just heard @ant_man_go make fun of the #Turkeyearthquake on @CapitalOfficial – he said “flight from now for a few years should be cheap to Turkey to get your teeth done” I wonder how all the Turkish&Syrian communities and victims of this disaster feel about that?’ Payne then replied: ‘Except I said nothing of the sort…’ Many are still fuming despite the DJ’s apology, with one critic tweeting: ‘You tried to deny it first and this is the apology you give? You shouldn’t ever be on the radio again.’ Another weighed in: ‘What did you mean then when you replied “I said nothing of the sort”? Were you misinterpreted? I think you need to explain this further if you want it to go away.’ Liberal Democrat councillor Suzanne Nuri-Nixon also reacted, writing: ‘Wow @CapitalOfficial, just wow! ‘Read the room Ant Payne, thousands have died, thousands are in mourning and you crack a ‘joke’?! Man, did you misread the room.’ One other Twitter user said: ‘Some half hearted media apology, Nothing sincere about it.’ ‘This is a “I need to save my reputation and career” apology. Not a “I’m genuinely really sorry for what I said” apology,’ said another agreeing with the earlier sentiment. Refusing to let Payne off easily, one questioned: ‘Memory suddenly come back has it fella? Last night you said you never said anything of the sort? What changed?’ Payne hails from Solihull, West Midlands, and began his broadcasting career at Bournemouth Fire FM before moving on to Galaxy Radio in Manchester in 2004, where he hosted a morning show. He landed his job at Capital FM in 2011 and hosted a mid-morning show until 2019 when he moved onto the Drivetime show. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  