A multimillionaire has won a legal battle against his one-time ‘successor and heiress’ who refused to leave his house. David Gladstone, 87, a former diplomat who opened the first British embassy in Ukraine, took action against lawyer Leigh White, 56, in order to reclaim his £15m property – Grade-I listed Buckinghamshire mansion Wotton House – and more than £800,000 in bonds. White, formerly a close family friend of Gladstone’s, had moved into the mansion following the death of his son in 2017. The pair subsequently fell out, and Gladstone repeatedly asked White to vacate the premises, having himself moved to Cumbria to shield with his wife during the pandemic. White refused, saying she had a right to stay as the ‘successor and heiress’ to his fortunes, a status she claimed to have been promised from 2007 onwards. Eventually, Gladstone sued White, on the basis he wished to spend his final years at his home. White then countersued, claiming that Gladstone was going back on his earlier promises to her. Following a two-week trial, a judge on Friday ruled that Gladstone had in fact made no promises that White would inherit the mansion, finding instead that he had simply asked her to take on some of the responsibilities for running Wotton House. The judge ordered White to vacate the premises, and said that she would not be entitled to any of the relief lain out in her countersuit. White first met Gladstone and his first wife, April, three decades ago. Over time, White became ever closer with the couple. She would later claim she had given up her career as a lawyer to help manage Gladstone’s £20m estate as he grew older, assuming ever greater responsibility for managing his property and finances following the outbreak of the pandemic in 2020, from which Gladstone was required to shield. Wotton House itself was first purchased by April’s family in the 1950s, though it dates back to 1714. It passed to Gladstone after April’s death in 2014. It is a large estate, with expansive grounds, including two lakes, that were modeled by the famous English gardener Capability Brown. The building itself was heavily damaged during a fire in the early 1800s, and was subsequently rebuilt by the architect Sir John Soane. Since the falling out with White, Gladstone has drafted a new will, which places the estate into a discretionary trust benefitting his family. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.