Extreme Sisters stars Anna and Lucy DeCinque made an appearance on This Morning on Wednesday, sharing further details on their lives as the world’s ‘most identical twins’ – which goes right down to their toilet habits. The stars of the hit TLC show exploring close sibling bonds have already grabbed headlines with other aspects of their quest to be exactly the same, after Lucy decided that she would have a healthy tooth removed. This came after the sisters were distraught to find Anna needed to have an infected one taken out and it might affect how identical they looked. Now they’ve opened up more on their lives together with shared partner Ben, who they both hope to become pregnant by at the same time. Discussing how they managed their day-to-day lives together, Anna and Lucy – who often speak in unison – revealed the extreme (fittingly, for their show) measures they go to in order to be the same. The women, aged 37, explained that they actually weigh out their food before eating exactly the same meal at exactly the same time in a bid to sync up their digestive systems so they will go to the loo at the same time. Hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield then grilled them on their ‘ultimate goal’ to try and become mothers at the same time through Ben, with the sisters admitting they would be okay with it if one of them became pregnant ahead of the other. ‘If it’s possible we’d love to be pregnant together, but at the end of the day this is how we choose to live our lives,’ stated Anna. ‘I don’t think it’s pressure, it’s double the love for Ben really,’ added Anna, with Lucy chiming in: ‘Maybe that’s a bit of a goal for him, a bit of a task for him.’ The sisters also said that Ben ‘understands’ them and their bond. Phillip then returned to the lengths Anna and Lucy go to with their daily habits, confirming that they sync up their steps as well as their food and bathroom habits, before asking if they would try to do the same with any future babies, by weighing their food. Ultimately, Lucy and Anna – who claim to have a doctor’s certificate saying they can’t be separated – said yes. ‘We’d like to do the tasks and the job the same,‘ shared Anna, with Lucy pointing out: ‘Obviously, if the baby had a yoghurt, maybe the other baby would have a yoghurt the same size.’ They then both confirmed: ‘I think so.’ However, with Phillip pointing out that babies and young children – particularly ones not of the same age – have different likes and dislikes, the twins then appeared to give way a little on their plans. ‘We may just have to accept that,’ they replied. The sisters also claimed there had never been any issues with jealousy and sharing Ben, with whom they’ve been in a relationship for 11 years, ‘from day one’. ‘If Ben kisses Anna, he’ll kiss me straight away… He doesn’t want to separate us, he doesn’t favour one twin to [sic] another,’ revealed Lucy, with Anna joining her to insist: ‘It’s all equal in this relationship.’ The girls are also on a mission to find a job they can do together, looking out for ‘an employer that understands our bond, that accepts how we work’. As Anna said: ‘We function as a team, we don’t work separately.’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV1. Extreme Sisters airs on Mondays on TLC in the US. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon shares precious picture of newborn baby girl Belle awake: ‘Love it when they start to open their eyes more’ MORE : Sam Smith struts their stuff in heels on crossing while ‘making friends’ in Los Angeles with unimpressed policeman  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 