EastEnders has revealed further details of its highly-anticipated female-centric episode, promising a twist that the show has never done before. The BBC One soap will break from the norm on Monday (February 20), to air a very special outing that will centre around the lives of six of Walford’s much-loved matriarchs. Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), Denise Fox (Diane Parish), Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth), Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner), Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) and Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) settle in for a usual night at the Queen Vic, but what they soon realise is that, in a flash, everything can change. What exactly this life-altering event – or events – is remains to be seen, but spoilers for the special outing have confirmed that a lock-in at the Vic will take place. The upcoming episode has been teased for weeks, with a deliberately ambiguous trailer leaving fans desperately trying to work out what will happen. Unlike previous outing of the show, this very special episode will not be available to stream on BBC iPlayer from 6am, meaning that everyone will see it first on Monday at 7:30pm and can therefore enjoy the twist simultaneously. Teasing the highly-anticipated episode, EastEnders boss Chris Clenshaw said: ‘We’re all incredibly excited for Monday’s episode with six of Walford’s leading ladies at the fore. ‘What may seem like a regular day in Walford soon takes a twist and what transpires for each and every one of them is that in a flash everything changes.  ‘This episode will leave the audience with a lot of questions and, what may seem like the end, is only just the beginning of some very big storylines that will play out this year.’ Consider us incredibly excited! EastEnders airs this very special episode on Monday February 20 at 7:30pm on BBC One. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : Everything shatters! 34 EastEnders spoiler pictures reveal huge twists in game-changing week as lives destroyed forever MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Karen horrified as she is given bad news