Tommy Fury is on cloud nine after defying many people’s expectations to defeat Jake Paul in the latter’s first ever professional loss in the boxing ring. Celebrating his win, he was in floods of tears as he dedicated his victory to his girlfriend Molly-Mae Hague and their newborn daughter Bambi, describing his partner as his ‘Mrs’. Having scored his victory in a split decision after the heated clash in Saudi Arabia on Sunday night, the 23-year-old said: ‘For the past two and a half years, this is all that’s consumed my life. Broke rib, denied access, and everybody thought I was running scared. ‘Tonight, I made my own legacy. I am Tommy Fury.’ He continued: ‘I want to dedicate this fight to my new baby girl Bambi at home and my Mrs, I love you. I can’t wait to see you. ‘This fight was for you. It’s for you Bambi, I love you.’ Tommy went on to explain how over the past two and a half years, he had a ‘dream’ and a ‘vision’ that he would win the fight, but ‘no one believed me’. ‘Now I can stand up and everybody can take note. In my first main event, 23 years old, I had the world on me, I had pressure on my shoulders and I came through,’ he stated. The fighter explained that he viewed his clash with Jake as a ‘world title’ bout, before addressing his opponent’s ‘rematch clause’ and potential desire to face him again in the ring. Tommy promised that he would ‘100%’ be up for a rematch, promising that he’s ‘only going to go stronger’, ‘bigger’ and ‘better’, adding: ‘If he wants a rematch, bring it on.’ While Jake expressed his ‘respect’ for Tommy in his own post-match interview, he added that he wasn’t sure that he agreed with the final decision, while being booed by the crowd. Tommy’s daughter Bambi was born just weeks ago, almost four years after he and Molly-Mae first met and got together on Love Island, finishing as the runners-up. When the athlete first entered the arena, he paid tribute to his daughter by wearing a robe with her name embossed on the front in sparkly gold lettering. Ahead of the fight, Molly-Mae revealed that she video called Tommy with their baby to wish him a final good luck. ‘Calls with dadda. Tonight is YOUR night. Get the job done and get home my boy,’ she wrote in the caption. ‘We are so beyond proud of you. Your team forever. Let’s go!’ Tommy’s half-brother, boxing legend Tyson Fury, celebrated his sibling’s win on Instagram by sharing artwork of the winner on his Story, having been with him in Saudi Arabia to support him on his journey. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague looking after baby Bambi ‘mostly by herself’ reveals Tommy Fury as he prepares for Jake Paul fight MORE : Drake places jaw-dropping bet on Jake Paul and Tommy Fury fight – and could be in for an astonishing payout 