He was named Man of the Match as he collected his first trophy as a Manchester United player but Casemiro was far from happy after his side beat Newcastle United in the Carabao Cup final. The Brazilian opened the scoring at Wembley when he headed in Luke Shaw’s free-kick in the first half. Marcus Rashford scored the second and United shot up shop in the second half, with Eddie Howe’s side failing to find a way through. The Red Devils had plenty of chances to grab a third goal and nobody was as guilty of squandering the space left in behind by Newcastle as they pushed forward than Bruno Fernandes. The Portuguese playmaker was put through on goal late on and he had the chance of slipping in either Jadon Sancho or Scott McTominay. But Fernandes opted to go himself and after cutting back, he saw his effort saved by Loris Karius. The game was effectively over by that point but Casemiro – a five-time Champions League winner – showed his elite mentality by digging out Fernandes during the celerbations afterwards. As United’s players prepare to walk the famous Wembley steps, Casemiro makes a beeline for Fernandes. The Brazilian can quite clearly be seen having a go at the playmaker, gesturing with his hand to the area where Fernandes failed to pass. The Portuguese playmaker jokingly takes part and defends himself, perhaps suggesting he had no other option but to shoot. Either way, Casemiro breaks character and allows a smile to sweep across his face as he prepared to lift his first trophy as a United player. There’s no time to rest for United, with West Ham to come in the FA Cup at Old Trafford on Wednesday. United are still battling in the FA Cup, the Premier League and Europa League. MORE : Erik ten Hag ends Manchester United’s trophy drought with Carabao Cup final victory over Newcastle MORE : Graham Potter admits he ‘can’t rely’ on Todd Boehly’s support after Chelsea’s defeat to Tottenham For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 