A school’s new rule on girls using the toilet when on their period has parents fuming. Penrice Academy in St Austell, Cornwall, bans students from going to the lavatory during class, with exceptions for medical conditions and the onset of menstruation. In such cases, students must obtain a ‘red card pass’ from their teacher in order to leave the room. The policy has met with severe backlash online from outraged parents. One person said: ‘Total invasion of privacy! How embarrassing for a girl to have to show a red card in front of the whole class to be allowed to go to the toilet! ‘I’d be livid if my girls had to experience that at a young age! Girls have periods, they shouldn’t have to prove it.’ Another parent explained her daughter had already had an uncomfortable experience as a result of the policy: ‘After being told by my 12 year old daughter today that she had been dying for the toilet for over 3 hours because she wasn’t allowed to go and didn’t have time at lunch. ‘I’ve told her that if she is ever refused the use of the toilet for toileting or period needs then she is to get her things, walk out and ring me and to come straight home and I will be at that school within the hour and that I will be dealing with the consequences.’ They added: ‘[The rule is] disgusting, it’s a basic human function, when you need to go you need to go, even adults aren’t treated like this. Girls have a right to privacy too, they shouldn’t have to “prove” they are having a period. ‘I’m a grown woman in my 40s and even I would be mortified at the thought of having to do that in front of other people including men.’ Other concerned parents expressed further alarm over the possible adverse health effects of minimising the time in which students are able to use the bathroom. A parent commented: ‘I am aware that some students are not drinking during the day so that they don’t need to use the toilet during lessons.’ They added: ‘How dangerous is that for a young persons health? Not drinking during the day time for 5 days a week!’ Despite the backlash online, the school has defended its policy, which it says is designed to minimise interruptions to students’ learning. The administration clarified that such passes can be obtained at any time by students and kept in their bags for when the need arises. It also said that it was not part of the policy to prohibit children from using the toilet in urgent cases. Lucy Gambier, headteacher at Penrice Academy, said: ‘Penrice students are welcome to use the toilet facilities at the start of the day, in between lessons, at breaktimes, lunchtimes, and at the end of the day. ‘This equates to 6 opportunities throughout the day, spaced no more than 75 minutes apart at any one time.’ James Hammersley, the assistant headteacher, said: ‘We understand that girls cannot always plan for the arrival of their periods which may take place during lessons. With this in mind, girls can request red period pass cards via their tutors which they can keep in their bags to use when required.’ Hammersly further appeared to suggest there was a risk of the red-card policy being abused, saying: ‘Crucially, this system operates on trust, and is monitored to ensure that the cards are used appropriately.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.