Zendaya’s red carpet hiatus came to a jaw-dropping end on Saturday when the Euphoria star rocked two separate looks at the NACCP Image Awards in LA. The 26-year-old Emmy winner stepped out wearing a green and black Versace dress before changing into a satin Prada two-piece, and her glorious ensembles caused quite the frenzy. Sharing her looks on Instagram, Zendaya almost made her 169million-strong following implode with excitement – and even her boyfriend Tom Holland was blown away. Comments like: ‘Jaw-dropping,’ ‘unreal’ and ‘out of this world’ quickly racked up beneath Zendaya’s photos. ‘Break the internet,’ wrote another of her followers, while someone else penned: ‘This is art. You are art.’ As for Tom, the smitten Spider-Man star left a string of heart-eyed emojis beneath her post. It comes after the former Disney star issued an apology for being absent from this year’sGolden Globes,expressing how thankful she is to everyone who has letherEuphoria character Rue ‘into their heart’. Zendaya scooped up the prize for best performance by an actress in a drama television series for her performance in the teen drama, beating fellow nominees including House of the Dragon’s Emma D’Arcy and The Crown’s Imelda Stuanton. In a post shared on Instagram after her victory, the first time she has ever been nominated or won a Golden Globe, she expressed how grateful she was for the recognition. Sharing a black-and-white photo of herself in character as Rue, she wrote in the caption: ‘I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to be there tonight, but I just wanted to say thank you to @goldenglobes for this incredible honor. ‘To my fellow nominees, it is a privilege to be named beside you, I admire you all deeply. Thank you to my Euphoria family, without you, none of this is possible.’ Zendaya then paid homage to all the people who have been moved by Rue’s story in Euphoria, having portrayed the teenager’s harrowing story of suffering from drug addiction. ‘Lastly, thank you from the bottom of my heart to everyone who has allowed Rue into theirs. I think everyone knows how much she means to me, but the fact that she can mean something to someone else is a gift,’ she said. ‘I’m honestly at a loss for words as I type this, all I can say is thank you thank you thank you. Goodnight♥️.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Angela Bassett reveals what she thought of being namedropped by Ariana DeBose in viral Baftas moment MORE : Saturday Night Live viewers totally confused by Woody Harrelson’s ‘anti-vax’ rant: ‘This gave me secondhand embarrassment’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 