A granddad is going toe-to-toe with his local council over a ‘towering’ tree that is blocking the light out of his home. Doug Lewis, 69, says his house is shrouded in darkness each day because of the tree and it makes it hard for his disabled grandson to visit him. Doug, from Cramlington, Northumberland, has lived at his Kendal Drive home for almost 40 years. Back when he first moved in, the Ash tree was tiny – but now it is so large he gets just one hour of sunlight a day during the summer. The leaves of the tree touch his bedroom window and basically act as blackout curtains for the pensioner. Doug said: ‘The main issue is the tree canopy and the lack of light to the property. ‘When I moved here it was a nice little tree but no one has maintained it over those 40 years so it has just been getting bigger and bigger and now it is just towering over the property. ‘When you are in the house the branches are nearly touching the bedroom window. ‘There are no leaves on the tree at the moment but when it is in leaf we have about a one-hour window of sun. ‘The sun comes around the house at about 12pm and we started to get a little bit of sunlight in the house but within an hour it goes back behind the tree.’ But his woes don’t end there. His grandson uses a wheelchair and the fallen twigs and leaves make it a ‘struggle’ for him to use the path. The roots even managed to break through the tarmac, making it even more difficult for his grandson to get around. ‘My grandson is disabled and my daughter has got a mobility car with a ramp for his electric wheelchair,’ Doug said. ‘The tree root was pushing the path up making it wobbly. The council didn’t remove the tree root they just flattened the path.’ Doug said the council did smooth over the root-riddled path last year but the constant rainfall of twigs and leaves isn’t so easy to remove. He has spent the last three years urging the council to prune the tree canopy by at least 30% so he can finally enjoy the sunshine and see his family. ‘You work all of your life and want to be able to enjoy your retirement,’ Doug added, ‘but you have this massive tree towering over your property and your life.’ Northumberland County Council said the tree is ‘priority three’ as it doesn’t pose a risk to the public. This means there is no time scale to maintain it, only when ‘resources allow’ it to happen. ‘Our risk-based approach to tree works means we must attend first and foremost to trees that represent a current or developing public safety risk,’ a spokeswoman said. ‘We are aware of the tree in question and the requests from Mr Lewis. Works have been identified and these will be carried out according to our schedule of lower-priority works.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.