This is the catastrophic moment a building in southeastern Turkey collapsed after a 7.8-magnitude earthquake. Footage posted on Twitter shows what appears to be a five-storey block of flats in the city of Şanlıurfa crumble to the ground, also knocking out a utility pole. People can be seen running away from the site hidden in a thick cloud of dust and smoke. It is still unclear if anyone was in the building at the time, but many residents have already fled their homes in cities across the southeast out of fear of aftershocks. Other videos on social media also show similar scenes across Diyarbakir, Adana and Gaziantep regions in the country. Residents have been feeling strong aftershocks hours after the earthquake in the early hours of this morning. Turkish authorities said at least 20 have already been registered, some hours later during daylight, the strongest measuring 6.6. Hundreds of people are still believed to be trapped under mountains of rubble across Turkey. Rescue workers and residents in multiple cities are searching for survivors, digging through tangles of metal and giant piles of concrete. Nearly 900 buildings were destroyed in Gaziantep and Kahramanmaras provinces while many were still asleep. Vice president Fuat Otkay placed the total number of collapsed buildings at 1,718. A hospital was also flattened in the Mediterranean coastal city of Iskanderoun, but casualties were not immediately known. ‘Unfortunately, at the same time, we are also struggling with extremely severe weather conditions,’ Mr Oktay told reporters this morning. The earthquake also heavily damaged Gaziantep’s historic castle perched atop a hill in the center. Parts of the fortresses’ walls and watch towers were leveled, images from the city showed. Countries from Taiwan to Germany have offered to send help, whether medical supplies, search teams or money. Ukraine’s Volodymyr Zelensky was the first leader to offer support during such a difficult time. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.