‘Right, who’s going to work after this?’ the spin instructor panted after a sweaty, hour-long class. While everyone groaned and put their hands up, I smiled. At the age of 75, and the oldest in the room, I wasn’t about to go back to the office anytime soon. I’ve been active from a fairly young age, but have loved getting even fitter in my retirement – visiting the gym everyday, enjoying tough, high-energy spin sessions, swimming, running, cycling and hill-walking. I’ve even completed marathons and Olympic-style triathlons in my later years – I’ve never let my age stop me. When I was younger, I played football, rugby and basketball. I liked cricket, too. In fact, sports and exercise have been a part of my life for as long as I can remember. It was only when I started working as an accountant that my fitness stalled. I found myself languishing at a desk for days on end, and taking up smoking because it was high-pressure work. I stopped exercising as much as I’d once done. My wife and I tried to go hill-walking as often as we could, but I found that I didn’t have the same amount of energy, or use my muscles like I once did, thanks to sitting all week. After retiring in 2012, aged 64, I joined a gym, David Lloyd Clubs in Dundee – and finally quit smoking after 40 years (with a lot of help from the doctor!). I’ve never looked back. Slowly but surely, I tried different classes, and fell in love with spin – enjoying using the pool afterwards to do a few lengths. I got to meet new people, and chat over cups of tea with them and the staff afterwards. Now, I have a fitness routine. I go to spin three times a week – Monday, Wednesday and Friday – and follow it up with a swim. I run on Tuesdays and cycle on Thursdays. At the weekend, I go for longer swims to stretch out. I couldn’t do the amount of work I do today if I still smoked though, that’s for sure. I don’t do it for personal bests – I’m not slow, but I’m not fast either. I’m not interested in times, I do it because I enjoy it and get a buzz out of it. When you get to my age, nothing is a competition. To me, it’s part of my everyday life now and I actively look forward to going to the gym. Exercise makes me feel good, it’s addictive. It feels like it gets into your blood, the dopamine hit and adrenaline from making yourself sweat and working your muscles. It’s why, back in 2013, aged 65, I even decided to sign up for an Olympic-style triathlon. My nephew, who’s an ironman at 50, recommended it to me. I trained for about a year, and signed up. I did a 1500m swim, followed by a 40km bike ride, and finished off with a 10km run – it was exhausting, but I managed to finish in about three hours, which felt like an age! I’ve completed two marathons since then, too – doing my first one in about five and a half hours. I didn’t stop during lockdown, either – vowing to run 100 miles in one month, but I ended up doubling that, when it was safe to go outdoors, of course. Since I’ve stopped working, I’ve lost nearly two stone and there’s no denying that I’m the fittest I’ve ever been. I’ve got a bit of a tummy on me, but what do you expect from someone age 75? My wife says I’ve got good legs, though – wishing she had them! I can’t deny that I feel the aches and pains a little more than I used to when I was younger, and it does take longer to recover. I’m the oldest in the gym usually, but I don’t let my age stop me from getting fit. No one mentions my age, or gives me any criticism and if they ask I say I’m 60 plus 15 – people are supportive, if anything. Still, rather than relaxing in my retirement, I’ve just bought myself a wetsuit. I’ve decided to start taking up open water swimming – I’ve got the time, anyway! Might as well make the most of it. I’d recommend joining the gym to anyone. I’m not saying go in all guns blazing and sign up for ultra marathons, but give a range of different exercises, sports and classes a try. Be patient, and figure out which one you like. If you hate running… don’t do it! It’s not worth doing a sport you dislike just for the sake of it. That feeling of achievement is incompatible, trust me – even when you’re 75, like me. Ian Clark is campaigning with David Lloyd Clubs to inspire the nations over 50s, and show that age has no limits when it comes to fitness. To view more information on David Lloyd Clubs’, please visit: https://www.davidlloyd.co.uk MORE : I broke a world record by climbing Yosemite’s El Capitan on my 70th birthday MORE : I took up hula hooping in my 70s – it makes me feel young again MORE : I was about to turn 80 when I passed my Black Belt in Taekwon-Do