The hearts of viewers of Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway well and truly melted when they noticed a detail in David Tennant’s outfit. David, 51, rocked up as the first Star Guest Announcer of the new series, with Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly back to cause more mischief and dish out more money-can’t-buy prizes on their Saturday night extravaganza. And while there were pranks and laughs galore, there was one thing that got viewers talking, as audiences at home spotted a certain Pride pin badge on the Doctor Who actor’s jacket. The badge in question represents the non-binary flag, boasting the colours black, purple, white, and yellow. In fact, David has worn it several times on-screen already over recent months, including on The Graham Norton Show and This Morning. Fans of the Broadchurch star said it makes their hearts ‘light up’ to see him showing solidarity with the LGBTQ+ community. It’s also believed that the actor’s child Wilfred is non-binary. One person sweetly wrote: ‘i am once again crying about david tennant and his non-binary badge since his child came out, he is actually a LIGHT in this headache inducing time we live in, he deserves all the good things in this world!!’ ‘David Tennant wearing a Non-Binary pin on all his TV appearances in support of his child (and the entire community) is just so wholesome’, tweeted another. ‘The fact that David Tennant wears this non-binary pin on every TV appearance now makes my heart light up’, one person tweeted. ‘SCREAMING AT DAVID TENNANT ON SATURDAY NIGHT TAKEAWAY WITH HIS NONBINARY PIN’, penned another overjoyed fan. David is a dad to five children: Ty, 20, Olive, 11, Wilfred, nine, Doris, eight, and Birdie, three. He shares his brood with wife Georgia Tennant, whom he married in 2011. The couple are typically private when it comes to family life, but their kids do feature on Georgia’s Instagram page. In fact, Georgia has shown her support for the LGBTQ+ community online too, as her profile picture is currently the trans flag. David has also supported campaigns against anti-gay bullying, and has said he has no issues with people thinking the Time Lord is queer. Ant & Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway returns next Saturday on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Saturday Night Takeaway viewers criticise Ant and Dec for ‘cruel’ prank on first-time dad MORE : Eurovision fans rage as protestor storms the stage during Swedish star Loreen’s Melodifestivalen performance   