Valentine’s Day has arrived and as celebrity couples geared up to battle it out to prove they’ve delivered the best big romantic gesture, event planners across the globe were on stand-by to erect floral arches galore. From Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury’s bedroom of balloons to Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott’s floral spectacle, February 14 has seemingly become a competition to see who can scatter the most rose petals as social media watches on. After 20 years on the job, Bruce Russell – founder of Bruce Russell Extraordinary Events – has been playing cupid for celebrities, dignitaries, sporting legends and socialites – all year round. He shared his romantic pearls of wisdom with Metro.co.uk and revealed the recipe for the ultimate A-lister love-inspired extravaganza. Admitting discretion is what keeps him in business, Bruce kept his little black book close to his chest as he began answering a question about his most absurd request from a celebrity client. He said: ‘Being “flown in” from above to land on bended knee for a proposal (try to visualise a Strictly Come Dancing performance!). ‘Of course, they never think of the risk assessments which need to be actioned before anything like that can happen. My motto is that if it’s legal and you have the budget to pay for it, we can make it happen… and we did.’ The finished products rack up millions of likes online and emulate an idealistic version of love but just how many hours go into achieving the likes of an aquarium covered in roses – as Michael B Jordan made happen for Lori Harvey. ‘First and foremost, you need creativity and a far-reaching imagination,’ Bruce explained. He went on to say: ‘I love challenging myself to think of something that hasn’t been done before. ‘Next, you need that little black book of trusted vendors who can help you bring it all together in a moment’s notice – those who know no bounds in what they can build. ‘Bringing together individuals who are equally as passionate and excited about the project as I am, but who I also know won’t let me down when I tell them we have 24 hours to pull something together that’s never been done before. ‘I seem to have become the go-to party planner for those who want the impossible created with less than three weeks notice!’ Working with the rich and famous can sometimes be a challenging feat and making dreams come true on a whim has become Bruce’s speciality. He explained his methods to navigate Tinsel Town’s madness: ‘I quickly learned that these clients are like every other client. ‘No matter their status, they still work to a budget, they want value for money, and they know when they’re being taken for a ride. ‘I provide a service where people are buying people, and the key to that is trust.’ Bruce concluded with his predictions for Valentine’s Day this year, adding that a gesture should be timeless but it seemed bigger was better when flicking through his 2023 requests. ‘Personally, I find that themes or trends can be a constraint on creativity. I always suggest that gifts should have longevity (think heirloom status) and hold personal value to the couple or recipient. ‘Of course, bold and very grand displays are in vogue, and perfect for the photographer (because you need an amazing photographer AND videographer) to capture it all for social media content!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague shares first photo of baby Bambi smiling in heartwarming break from ‘breastfeeding 24/7’ MORE : Kylie Jenner kicks off construction on record-breaking 18,000-square-foot mansion and the photos are something else 