Alec Baldwin is reportedly due to make his first appearance in court this month, after he was charged with involuntary manslaughter following a shooting on the set of Rust. The 64-year-old accidentally discharged a gun while working on the Western film, in November, 2021, striking and killing cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. The bullet also injured director Joel Souza, but he was later released from hospital. Just one day after the charges were formally filed, reports claim that he is set to appear at the Santa Fe Magistrates Court on February 24, at 10am, for an arraignment hearing. He will be joined by the film’s armourer, Hannah Gutierrez-Reed – they have both been charged with two felony counts of involuntary manslaughter and involuntary manslaughter in the commission of a lawful act. According to PA, the hearing is likely to be virtual. Santa Fe District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies filed the charging documents naming both Baldwin and Gutierrez-Reed, 23, who supervised weapons on the set of the Western. In a statement on Tuesday, Carmack-Altwies said: ‘Today we have taken another important step in securing justice for Halyna Hutchins. ‘In New Mexico, no-one is above the law and justice will be served.’ If convicted of the most serious charge, they could each face a mandatory five-year prison sentence. The prosecutor claimed that the 30 Rock star was not present for ‘required firearms’ training ahead of filming on Rust, and exhibited ‘reckless behaviour’ in the lead up to Hutchins’ death. According to the statement, Baldwin had only received ‘minimal training on firearms’ even despite requests from Gutierrez-Reed. ‘Whether guided by [Hutchins’] directions or not, Baldwin knew the first rule of gun safety is never point a gun at someone you don’t intend on shooting,’ it continued. ‘In addition, always assume a gun is loaded. Had Baldwin performed the required safety checks with the armorer, Reed, this tragedy would not have occurred.’ The Santa Fe DA claimed that, after failing to appear for ‘mandatory firearms training’, he was given a 30-minute on-set training session, during which he was distracted by talking to his family on the phone. ‘The on-set and limited time of training does not comport to industry standards and evidence shows Baldwin was in a position to manage, oversee, commence, and require safety training to industry standards,’ the probable cause statement read. ‘Baldwin’s failure to ensure minimum standards were met is considered reckless in the industry.’ The Hollywood star has always maintained that he was not aware that the gun had a live round, and that he did not intend to shoot Hutchins. His lawyers have vowed to fight the charges, releasing a statement which read: ‘This decision distorts Halyna Hutchins’ tragic death and represents a terrible miscarriage of justice. ‘Mr Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun – or anywhere on the movie set. ‘He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds. ‘We will fight these charges, and we will win.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tilly Ramsay joins Next Level Chef and reveals dad Gordon Ramsay never cooks at home MORE : Love Island’s Shaq Muhammad and Tanya Manhenga become first couple to drop L-bomb in adorable scenes  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 