Tamara Ecclestone’s husband Jay Rutland is mourning the death of his beloved father. In a devastating Instagram post on Thursday, Jay, 41, announced that his father, David Rutland, had died, and included a heartfelt tribute recalling fond memories of times they shared as a family. Jay, creative director of Maddox Gallery, noted how close a bond his dad had with his two daughters, Sophia aka Fifi, eight, and Serena, two, who he shares with socialite wife Tamara, 38. Alongside photos of David smiling and playing with his grandchildren, Jay wrote: ‘Absolutely heartbroken writing this. ‘A day I always worried about, but much sooner than I ever expected. ‘Dad, I love you and miss you more than you would ever realise. You loved my girls so much and I know how much joy it gave you seeing all the things they get up to. So often you would call me in disbelief having seen the latest thing Fifi had accomplished. I am so incredibly sad that they won’t get to see you again. ‘I think that’s what hurts the most.’ Jay continued: ‘The little bond you already had with Riri makes my heart hurt. ‘I am so glad we got to do the things we did together and I hope you knew how loved you truly were by all of your family.’ The businessman went on to describe David as a ‘unique man’ who rarely showed emotions, except for the screensaver of his iPad which featured a picture of Jay’s eldest daughter Fifi. ‘It made me laugh and cry at the same time,’ Jay admitted, adding: ‘I now have an overwhelming sadness that you are gone but they say that grief is the price we pay for love. ❤️ ‘God bless Dad, you are with Mark now and we will all meet again one day X.’ Jay was referring to his older sibling Mark, who died 22 years ago, although a cause of death has never been disclosed. The stock broker married Tamara, daughter of former Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone, in 2013 and they welcomed their first child Fifi in 2014, followed by Serena in 2020. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.