Russian President Vladimir Putin has officially suspended the last nuclear arms treaty that remained with the US. Putin signed a bill formally suspending the 2010 New START treaty on Tuesday. It comes after he declared last week in a state-of-the-union address that the Kremlin would be suspending its participation in the nuclear arms deal. Both houses of the Russian parliament ratified Putin’s bill last week. Putin’s signature makes the law effective immediately. The bill states that the president can decide if the country will return to the deal. Putin has said that Russia is not withdrawing from the treaty completely. The Russian Foreign Ministry stated that Moscow will respect the pact’s caps on nuclear arms and continue to inform the US about its ballistic missile tests. The suspension came four days after the first anniversary of Russia’s war on Ukraine. The Biden administration on Friday announced new sanctions on 200 Russian individuals or entities across the finance, defense and technology sectors. Tensions have continued to heighten between the US and Russia. The New START was signed by former US President Barack Obama and his counterpart Dmitry Medvedev. It limited the countries to a maximum of 1,500 deployed nuclear warheads and 700 deployed bombers and missiles, and called for inspections to ensure they were complying. On Monday, the US undersecretary of state for arms control, Bonnie Jenkins, ripped Russia for suspending the agreement. ‘Russia is once again showing the world that it is not a responsible nuclear power,’ Jenkins said at the Conference on Disarmament, which is an international forum affiliated with the United Nations. Jenkins added that the US was ‘not seeing any evidence that Russia is in noncompliance’, but that officials would continue to assess the development. ‘We remain ready to work assertively with Russia to fully implement the New START treaty,’ Jenkins said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.