A monument to the Soviet Army in Bulgaria was vandalised on the eve of the one-year anniversary of the war in Ukraine. Pictures show the plaque of the memorial with the inscription ‘to the Soviet Army, liberator of the grateful Bulgarian nation’ broken and covered in red paint. Wreaths of flowers can be seen scattered at the scene in the centre of Sofia, which is a popular place for protest actions. Local media reported police have arrested a 61-year-old man, who is understood to have damaged the plaque with a hammer, and he has since been charged. Thursday’s attack was swiftly condemned by the Russian ambassador to Bulgaria, Eleonora Mitrofanova. Hours later, the Russian Embassy in Sofia issued a statement, condemning vandals for ‘insulting the feat of the Soviet warriors who freed Bulgaria from Nazism’. The Facebook post read: ‘We regret to inform you that today, on the Defender of the Fatherland Day, the monument of the Soviet Army in Sofia has again become a victim of blind aggression and insolence. ‘With their blasphemous act, the vandals insulted not only the feat of the Soviet warriors who freed Bulgaria from Nazism, but also thousands of their anti-fascists who gave their lives to keep Bulgarians free, and that there is no place for the “brown plague” in the world. ‘The systematic work of rewriting the past, erasing the Soviet Union’s role in defeating Nazi Germany, demonizing everything Russian could have resulted in no other result than educating generations to whom nothing is sacred. ‘We call on the Bulgarian authorities to immediately take measures to eliminate the consequences of the crime against memory, punish the guilty and stop the shameful practice of distorting our common history.’ Meanwhile, some politicians have called for the closure of the monument built in 1954. GERB leader and former prime minister Boyko Borissov said his party’s municipal councillors will join Democratic Bulgaria’s renewed initiative for dismantling the memorial. He stressed: ‘Now everything is completely different. Hundreds of thousands have been killed, cities have been destroyed, this is a barbarous aggression. ‘Contrary to what Vladimir Putin is trying to call it, this is not a liberation war.’ The war in Ukraine has become a test for even hardcore Russophiles in Bulgaria. ‘Russians are our Slavic brothers’ is a common slogan in the Balkan country, but over the last year many have aligned themselves with Western nations after seeing the atrocities in Ukraine. Bulgaria has seen several waves of protests  – from both sides of the camp – since the beginning of the invasion. Yesterday, rallies in support of Ukraine were staged in Sofia, and other large cities, including Plovdiv, Varna, Veliko Tarnovo and Burgas. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.