This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. The Richard Quinn show at London Fashion Week was a sight to behold. Thousands of flowers lined the Victorian-tiled runway, as dancers in latex bondage suits moved almost as gracefully as the models. But what caught our eye were, well, the eyes of the models – which popped with 70s-inspired pastel colours – courtesy of MAC. cosmetics. In fact, this makeup is setting the trend for spring, with a soft but fun colour palette you can pull off without the catwalk. If you want to know how to look like the models, we’ve uncovered all the details on the products and brushes used. MAC makeup artist Carly Utting has given us a step-by-step guide, to ensure we can create these fun looks for our spring engagements. She said: ‘To create the looks seen on the models backstage at Richard Quinn, the key products are Hyper Real Serumizer, Face And Body foundation, Cream Eyeshadows and of course the new Richard Quinn X MAC collection.’ The first step is to prep the skin. Carly said prepare the skin by massaging 2/3 pumps of Hyper Real Serumiser into the face. This plumps and evens the skin, ready for your foundation. Next up is foundation. Using a 188s brush (or a flat-topped brush you have at home), softly layer and apply Studio Face and Body foundation to the areas of the skin that need evening. She said: ‘This backstage foundation is a must have for all makeup artists and creates luminous creamy dreamy skin.’ For the eyes, it’s a 70s explosion – and it’s these pastel tones that are perfect for the transition into spring. The palette seen on Richard Quinn’s models this season featured an array of 70s blues and lilacs – but this can be recreated with any shadows you may have at home. Carly said: ‘First off create a base colour on the lids using a cream eyeshadow, we applied MAC PRO chromaline in tailor made tones of teals and lavender. ‘Applying a soft veil of cream to the eyes first makes the eyeshadow applied on top pop! ‘Finally, softly fluff your chosen eyeshadow on top. The shape created backstage for RQ has a more rounded 20s shape, deeper in the socket and lower under the eye to create a hollowed out pop of colour.’ Basically it’s all about buffing out the colour on the brow bone as well as below the eye. But if this soft and simple approach isn’t for you and you like your makeup looks to be a little more striking – maybe you’ve got a spring party coming up – then we’ve got some tips for you too! Carly said: ‘Of course you have the option of soft billowy diffused pastel eyes, but how about a bold statement liner? ‘Press your chosen colour along your upper and lower lash line to create a super subtle pop of colour to the eye.’ If you want to be a little more ‘out there’ then Carly suggests using one of the pastel colours draped onto the cheek. She said: ‘We see colour draping on runways every season in some shape of form, and it’s a great way to step out of your comfort zone and try something new. Alternately, layer the colours on top of each other to create custom made limes and lavenders!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Ukrainian in heart, in body, in blood’: The Ukraine Show at London Fashion Week was a catwalk of resistance MORE : Kim Truong reveals what it’s like being the nail artist to the Kardashians and Hollywood stars MORE : The Unhidden show at London Fashion Week was a masterclass in inclusivity and adaptive clothing