Grubby trainers, muddy paws, and red wine spills: all mortal enemies of a carpeted home. That stain that you haven’t been able to shift will slowly send you mad, and discoloured carpet is a surefire way to negate all your carefully curated interiors. You know you need to sort it out – at least before you next have guests round – but who has the time? Thankfully, you don’t need to hire an industrial carpet cleaner or spend ages scrubbing on your hands and knees. In fact, these hacks and products can get your carpet looking like new in as little as a few minutes – and cut down on elbow grease too. So before you tear it all up in frustration and cost yourself a fortune in the process, give our advice a go. Bicarbonate of soda is a real multitasker around the home, and you can use it to refresh your carpets too. Johanna Constantinou, Communications Director at flooring company Tapi, says: ‘As time passes, even the fluffiest carpets can lose their bounce. ‘Help breathe life back into them by a simple refresh with bicarbonate of soda and vinegar solution. It also takes away any lingering smells, too. ‘Start by spreading bicarbonate of soda over your carpet and work it into the fibres with a stiff brush, before letting it sit overnight. Vacuum the baking soda up in the morning, then fill a spray bottle with equal parts vinegar and cold water. ‘Simply spray the solution onto the carpet and work with a stiff brush, and your carpet will be as good as new!’ Johanna advises: ‘For water soluble stains, such as drinks or mud, blot away the mark with a solution of two pints of water with a quarter of a teaspoon of white vinegar. ‘Start with a clean cloth and gently press the stain, moving from the outside to the inside. Never rub the stain as this causes it to move into the carpet fibres and you risk permanent damage.’ For tougher stains like blood, coffee, and wine, she recommends either a spoonful of ammonia mixed with a pink of water, or an ammonia-based cleaning product to shift it. Don’t forget to try your method out on an unseen area of your carpet first, to ensure you won’t discolour or damage the fabric. If you’ve dropped a candle or wax melt, all is not lost. According to Dr. Beckmann spokesperson, Chloe Baker, the trick is to let the wax harden before tackling it. ‘Allow the dripped wax to harden, then place an absorbent paper towel over the stained area and iron on a low heat,’ she says. ‘The wax should then transfer over to the paper towel, leaving you to finish off with a stain remover.’ Whether your pet has had an accident or you’ve spilled a beer and the smell is lingering, you don’t need to spend loads to deodorise your carpet. Stan Tomov from Fantastic Cleaners says: ‘Simply pour white vinegar into a spray bottle and spray it onto your carpet. Even though the vinegar smell may be strong, it will disappear and absorb the smell of any spilled alcohol. ‘Allow time for the vinegar to dry and then repeat the process if the smell hasn’t quite cleared up until it’s completely gone.’ Carpets can hide all sorts – including shards of glass or sharp debris that you really don’t want to step on barefoot. These can also damage your vacuum, so it’s a good idea to pick them up beforehand. You just need to use your spud. ‘There is an unusual but efficient way of collecting smaller shards of glass – grab some bread or a potato,’ says Stan. ‘Pressing a piece of bread or potato into the carpet will collect up and stray shards without risking damage to your appliance.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Heading on a sunny holiday? We’ve found the perfect swimsuits and bikinis to pack MORE : ‘Cover your cup while it’s steeping’: Tea expert reveals unusual hacks for the perfect brew