Babies found in the rubble after the Turkey earthquakes have been transported to safety in a presidential plane. President Erdogan’s aircraft was used to take 16 babies from Kahramanmaras to Ankara, as the death toll from the devastating quakes climbed to 15,000. Pictures show them being cradled on the laps of women in the luxury jet, which is also being used to carry critically injured people to the Turkish capital for treatment. All of the babies on board were collected by government foster mothers when it landed at Esenboga Airport. Two of the babies still remain unidentified after they were pulled from the debris. The 14 others have been identified but authorities have not managed to reach their families. They were taken to Etlik City Hospital, where the Turkish President’s wife Emine Erdogan met them. More than 15,000 people have died in the two earthquakes that struck Turkey and Syria – the world’s deadliest for more than a decade. Anger has mounted over the slow response to the disaster amid fears as many as 180,000 people could be buried – while satellite photos lay bare the scale of the destruction. Turkey has so far reported 12,873 deaths, with more than 60,000 people injured. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan visited some of the worst-hit regions where he acknowledged failings with initial relief efforts. He was scheduled to travel today to the quake-hit provinces of Gaziantep, Osmaniye and Kilis amid ongoing criticism that the government’s response has been too slow. The president, who faces a tough battle for re-election in May, acknowledged problems with the emergency response to Monday’s 7.8-magnitude quake, but said the winter weather had been a factor. However victims of the disaster have ‘begged’ for help from the government. ‘Where is the state? Where have they been for two days? We are begging them. Let us do it, we can get them out,’ said Sabiha Alinak, near a snow covered collapsed building where her young relatives were trapped in the city of Malatya. Turks have complained they ack the necessary equipment and expertise to rescue those who are trapped beneath the rubble. Kemal Kilicdaroglu, leader of the main opposition party, has accused the government of failing to cooperate with local authorities and weakening non-governmental organisations that could help. He said: ‘If there is anyone responsible for this process, it is Erdogan. It is this ruling party that has not prepared the country for an earthquake for 20 years.’ On the Syrian side of the border, 3,162 people have been confirmed dead and more than 5,000 injured. Tens of thousands are thought to have lost their homes. In Antakya, residents of a collapsed building huddled around an outdoor fire overnight into Thursday, wrapping blankets tightly around themselves to try and stay warm. Experts said the survival window for those trapped under the rubble was closing rapidly. At the same time, they said it was too soon to abandon hope. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.