Stan Collymore is convinced that Chelsea would be one of the clubs looking to appoint Jurgen Klopp as manager if the German left Liverpool. Klopp has enjoyed tremendous success at Anfield since arriving from Borussia Dortmund in 2015 – winning the Premier League, Champions League, FA Cup, League Cup, Super Cup and Club World Cup – but he is now under huge pressure. That’s because Liverpool are having a disastrous season in 2022-23 thus far and are currently 10th in the Premier League table and 11 points off the top four. They are already out of the FA Cup and Carabao Cup and are due to face Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League, who are the current holders. Liverpool were beaten 3-0 by Wolves on Saturday and next face Everton in a Merseyside derby, with Sean Dyche’s side having just defeated league leaders Arsenal. Ex-Liverpool striker Collymore feels that if his old club decide to sack Klopp, or if the 55-year-old walks away, then Chelsea would be among the sides looking to bring him in. The Blues are also having a poor season and are ninth in the Premier League table under head coach Graham Potter, who only replaced Thomas Tuchel in September. ‘The reality is, if FSG sack Klopp, there is no one else out there better equipped to do a better job,’ Collymore told Caught Offside. ‘So anyone calling for him to go should be careful what they wish for because I’m certain that if he suddenly became available, you’d have Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, PSG and even Chelsea all lining up.’ He added: ‘I still don’t think Jurgen Klopp should be facing the sack at Liverpool. I know they’re having an awful season but we need to look further back than just the past six months. ‘Remember where Liverpool were when he came in – they were a real mess! ‘They had a below-average squad, were barely competitive and couldn’t attract top players. ‘Klopp single-handedly changed all of that and went on to win every trophy possible along the way, and he didn’t just turn them into a winning side, he completely revolutionised their style of play.’ MORE : Jamie Carragher sends message to Liverpool over Jurgen Klopp future and new signings MORE : Graham Potter responds to claims he will not be sacked if Chelsea miss out on top four 