Jeremy Clarkson revealed that his beloved Diddly Squat Farm created a massive traffic jam, which prevented people from getting their Covid vaccinations. Ahead of the second season launching next month, the broadcaster 62, addressed the ordeal in a new episode – which follows his efforts to run a 1,000-acre farm in the Cotswolds. In a sneak peek seen by The Independent, the Clarkson’s Farm frontman appeared to be surprised at how popular his shop had become. ‘Last week, the main road jammed up for three hours,’ he says. ‘People couldn’t get to be vaccinated at the health centre, and they couldn’t get a crew for the fire station.’ He adds: ‘I just didn’t think it through. I didn’t think this many people would come.’ Jeremy previously explained that had a run-in with a mandolin that left him without half a thumb during filming. While trying to chop up potatoes to make crisps, things went haywire with a mandolin. ‘I cut half of my thumb off, but it’s all been sewn back on again now,’ he said. ‘It’s interesting that the only proper injury I’ve sustained in farming – a long-lasting one – was actually from cooking, rather than farming. ‘Which just goes to show: Gordon Ramsay’s job is more dangerous than mine.’ While Clarkson’s Farm has already been confirmed for a third season, Amazon has reportedly parted ways with the presenter following his hateful comments about Meghan Markle in a column. According to Variety, the streaming service won’t be working with the TV personality beyond seasons of The Grand Tour and Clarkson’s Farm that have already been commissioned. Season two is set to show the introduction of new animals and crops, Jeremy’s dealings with the local council as he attempts to diversify his operation with a restaurant, and Kaleb Cooper yet again saving the day on numerous occasions. It will also examine the impact of the current economy on British farmers. Clarkson’s Farm season 2 is airing from February 10 on Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Daisy May Cooper physically shakes as she meets idol Ben Shephard on Good Morning Britain: ‘You smell like I wanted you to’ MORE : Madonna makes surprise appearance at Grammys and praises ‘troublesome, provocative’ artists amid mega comeback