The Apprentice viewers were lost for words when the two teams received feedback from children on their lunchbox designs. Lord Alan Sugar tasked the remaining contestants with creating their own lunchbox brand, conjuring up everything from the name, logo, packaging design, and also a fun healthy eating app to accompany their lunchbox. The aim was to ensure the product would appeal to six-to-eight-year-olds but, in true Apprentice style, things didn’t exactly go to plan. Sohail Chowdhary’s team created Platinum Pirate Adventures with a treasure chest lunchbox, while Marnie Swindells opted for Munch-A-Lunch, with a rapping caterpillar as the face of their brand and a leaf-shaped lunchbox. While the candidates themselves were all on board with their products, the actual target audience, the children, were less than impressed. When gathering feedback from a focus group of youngsters, the teams received some truly scathing responses, as the kids did not hold back. ‘Honestly, I kind of thing that the game was worse than the raping,’ insulted one young girl after watching Larry the caterpillar rap and dance while explaining the importance of healthy eating. ‘It’s really easy to play,’ she fired. ‘I don’t mean to be rude,’ began another child, at which point, you know, something rude is coming. ‘It was really cringe,’ she blasted. ‘My favourite part was when it was over.’ Children truly are savage! Another branded the product ‘too babyish’, which retailers agreed with in the pitches, suggesting the lunchbox was more for pre-schoolers. One young boy suggested the lunchbox was more suitable for three-five-year-olds, while another did, kind of, let the team down gently by saying: ‘I don’t think it’s the best game.’ It wasn’t just Larry the caterpillar who was torn to shreds, though, as the fellow team’s pirate concept went down like a sinking ship with the school children. ‘The brown is just really boring,’ one said of their treasure chest design. To rub salt into the wound, when asked by their teacher if they wanted to buy the product… no one raised their hand. Viewers at home were in hysterics over the sassy feedback from the children, with one tweeting: ‘Love how kids are unapologetically honest – they’re savage’. ‘The kids just obliterated them!’, exclaimed another. ‘Those kids had no chill’, one added, with another tweeting: ‘Jesus those kids are brutal. Lord Sugar is gonna be out of a job!’ Alas, Sohail’s team just couldn’t convince the big retailers that their product was worth investing in, resulting in zero orders. The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Prue Leith praises ‘wonderful’ story of couple that died holding hands after drinking lethal concoction MORE : Serena Williams’ dad ‘King Richard’ approached with ‘$500,000 reality TV show deal’ 