Jake Paul has offered to pay Tommy Fury double if he comes up short against his rival in their Saudi Arabia showdown on Sunday. In a fued that has been two years in the making, the undefeated fighters with finally meet in the ring in Riyadh this weekend. During Thursday’s press conference, Paul offered to make things more interesting, insisting he will give up his entire fight purse and hand it over to Fury if he suffers the first loss of his career. ‘I think we make a deal. If you win, I will pay you double what I am paying you. But if I win I take everything I am paying you,’ said Paul. Paul rose to shake Fury’s hand to seal the bet but it sparked an angry reaction from Fury who responded: ‘Why are you going to stand up like you’re going to do something? Sit back down. Sit back down’. A tense confrontation followed with Derek Chisora, who has assisting in promoting the fight in Saudi, taking the rare role of playing peacemaker. While Tommy did not directly accept the offer, his father and trainer John eagerly agreed to those terms on his son’s behalf with Paul insisting a contract has been drawn up by his lawyer and is ready to sign. Paul then mocked his rival for allowing his father to accept the bet for him. Paul is 6-0 in professional boxing having recorded knockout victories over former UFC stars Ben Askren and Tyron Woodley. His best win to date came last October when he sealed a points decision win over another UFC icon in Anderson Silva, his only opponent to date with previous professional boxing experience. Fury meanwhile is an 8-0, last fighting on big brother Tyson’s show against Dillian Whyte at Wembley last April. ‘He’s a good boxer, but he’s not a great boxer, and his lack of defence and head movement is gonna be exposed on Sunday,’ Paul said of his rival. ‘To me this is a speed bump and a cakewalk. I give him credit: He’s fast, he’s got length, he’s strong. ‘But there’s nothing he can do to stop me, he’s got no power. He couldn’t knock out the taxi drivers he’s been put in there with. He’s never been put in there with someone who wasn’t there to lose. He’s gonna get into the deep waters and drown, I promise that.’ MORE : Molly-Mae Hague looking after baby Bambi ‘mostly by herself’ reveals Tommy Fury as he prepares for Jake Paul fight MORE : ‘You’re a performing clown’ – Carl Froch responds to Jake Paul after YouTuber calls out former world champion For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 