A former Eurovision Song contest star did not take it well when there were technical issues during a live performance. Blanco, 19, represented Italy along with Mahmood with the song Brividi in the beloved competition last year, coming in sixth place. The popstar returned to the Sanremo Music Festival, which sees 14 acts compete to be Italy’s entry in the long-running event, as a special guest but things didn’t go to plan. On Tuesday, the Notti in Bianco singer took to the stage to belt out his latest tune L’Isola Delle Rose. But just moments into the production, Blanco started to become aggravated and decided to take his frustration out on the set. Stomping around, Blanco started kicking the flowers that adorned the stage and at one point grabbed a prop and smacked it down to the floor. When the song ended, the audience reacted to the spectacle by booing, with Blanco explaining to host Amadeus that he ‘couldn’t hear himself in the headphones.’ Amadeus pointed out the musician had made a ‘mess’, offering him the chance to perform later in the evening. The Italian acts will be hoping for the chance to perform at the Eurovision 2023, which this year is being held in Liverpool. Despite the Northern city being announced as host back in October, for a couple of Liverpudlians last month it was breaking news. Ahead of Rylan Clark and AJ Odudu presenting the official handover ceremony and allocation draw, the BBC asked locals about how excited they were. ‘Is it? I didn’t know. Sorry!’ two women told the Line of Duty broadcaster, after hearing about Eurovision being hosted in Liverpool. They then erupted into bursts of laughter, as they confirmed this was ‘breaking news’ to them. Things took an even more hilarious turn when one had to keep control of her reactions. ‘I can’t laugh because I’ve had too much Botox!’ she joked. The Eurovision Song Contest airs May 13 on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : John Lydon and Public Image Ltd miss out on chance to represent Ireland in Eurovision 2023 as Wild Youth triumph MORE : Eurovision 2023 stage unveiled as design celebrates ‘bringing people together’ 