A mum-of-three has revealed how she had her hair and makeup done during labour, with a beautician and a hairdresser working on her as she pushed. Carly Temple, 23, said that she didn’t want to appear ‘sweaty’ in photographs, and that looking good even helped her give birth smoothly. It’s a topic that’s caused debate recently, after Good Morning Presenter Ranvir Singh was left aghast when a guest appeared to suggest that not wearing makeup during labour makes a woman ‘lazy’. ‘It’s very easy to be a lazy person and lower your standards,’ said mum, Naomi Isted, who had a blow dry, fake tan and full makeup done for her past labours. ‘I’m just saying if you don’t want to make an effort that’s your choice,’ said Naomi. Her comments shocked Ranvir who snapped back in disbelief. ‘Sorry?! You’re saying if you don’t put makeup on during birth you’re lazy?’ Mum-of-three Carly says she had the glam squad at her bedside because she wanted to ‘feel good’. For her, this meant a smoky eye, long lashes and pink lip. Carly said: ‘Most of the time when you see people post-birth they look sweaty. I wanted to look good so I could feel good about myself.’ The makeup artists and hairdressers from Mississippi USA, gave birth in full makeup to her son, JD, now three, and daughter, Lettie, three months. But the delivery of her middle child, Slayton, two, was a ‘surprise’ and so Carly didn’t get the opportunity to have her mid-birth makeover. During her first labour with JD, born in January 2020, Carly had a make-up artist and hairdresser in the delivery room with her. She says: ‘My labour took 17 hours – I was exhausted. I had my make-up done whilst I was in labour, all the doctors and nurses came in to see.’ Carly didn’t have time to get dressed up while still pregnant with Slayton, as she says her ‘waters broke naturally’ but she planned ahead with youngest daughter, Lettie, who born in October 2022. She said: ‘One of my friends is a make-up artist. I got up at 4am so she could do my make-up and I went into hospital for 5.30am.’ Her partner Mitchell, 27, then drove her to the hospital so she could give birth glamorously. She said: ‘I wanted natural, dewy skin and to look refreshed and glowy. ‘I did my hair my self, I gave myself a blow-out. I was having contractions and was feeling everything at that point. ‘My labour was great, it took five hours and I literally pushed once. I think it definitely helped the labour – when you look good, you feel good about yourself.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I thought forest nursery was pure woo woo, then I sent my son MORE : From names to nooses: These are the things a tattoo artist says she’d never ink MORE : ‘Trolls bullied me for my breast cancer scars – now I’m a model’