Dan Walker has received an outpouring of support since he revealed that he’d been knocked off his bike by a car, stressing that his helmet ‘saved his life’. However, some naysayers have felt the need to ‘lecture’ him with the false claim that bike helmets ‘aren’t important’, going against widely-known safety advice. In a new tweet following his return home from hospital, the Channel 5 presenter said: ‘It’s odd to get lectured by people telling me that bike helmets aren’t important when the emergency services at the scene yesterday told me I probably wouldn’t be here if I wasn’t wearing one. The 45-year-old continued: ‘Funny old world! I hope you’re having a good Tuesday. Soup through a straw for lunch⛑.’ One person responded to Dan’s tweets emphasising their personal knowledge of the importance of helmets in several different areas of life. ‘My wife, a speech and language therapist who is a specialist in dealing with brain injuries, could do a whole lecture on why the helmet is important when riding bikes, skateboarding or even while playing cricket. I’m glad you chose to wear a helmet and that you are alive,’ they wrote. Another person said: ‘I can’t believe the mentality about helmets. Why on earth wouldn’t you wear one! When I see parents riding with their kids – no helmets between them! I know several people who only survived accidents by wearing a helmet. Glad you are on the mend!! X.’ Someone else who also experienced an accident in the past added: ‘Came off my bike years ago, split the helmet down the back – that would’ve been my skull. Lucky to only come away with a concussion and a scrape on my side.’ Following Dan’s accident, he was replaced on Monday’s 5 news by Tessa Chapman, who wished him well on his recovery as the programme came to an end. ‘All of the team wish him a quick recovery and send him all of our best wishes. Get well soon Dan,’ she said on-air. Several of Dan’s former Strictly Come Dancing co-stars have expressed their support for him, including Rose Ayling-Ellis, Tom Fletcher, John Whaite and judge Motsi Mabuse. Following his return home from hospital, Dan admitted that he couldn’t sleep due to the amount of medication that he was on. Instead, he read some of the thousands of messages he’d received from well-wishers, explaining that if his eyes weren’t so swollen, he would have cried. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dan Walker ‘can’t sleep’ after being struck by car in gruesome bike accident MORE : Piers Morgan has the most Piers Morgan response to Dan Walker’s post-accident update 