China has called for a ceasefire between Ukraine and Russia on the one-year anniversary of the invasion. A 12-point ‘peace plan’ released today by Beijing’s foreign ministry has called for both nations to ‘avoid fanning flames and aggravating tensions’. The paper warned ‘conflict and war benefit no-one’ and said everyone involved must ‘stay rational and exercise restraint’. Among the ministry’s dozen recommendations are proposals to uphold the sovereignty of both Russia and Ukraine and ditch the ‘Cold War mentality’. China is also calling for the end of all ‘unilateral sanctions’, a jab against the raft of boycotts imposed by Western nations. The plan reads: ‘Unilateral sanctions and maximum pressure cannot solve the issue; they only create new problems, ‘China opposes unilateral sanctions unauthorized by the UN Security Council. Relevant countries should stop abusing unilateral sanctions and “long-arm jurisdiction” against other countries, so as to do their share in de-escalating the Ukraine crisis and create conditions for developing countries to grow their economies and better the lives of their people.’ On top of the points, Beijing also said ‘nuclear weapons must not be used’ and ‘nuclear wars must not be fought’. ‘We oppose development, use of biological or chemical weapons by any country under any circumstances,’ the paper, entitled ‘China’s Position on the Political Settlement of the Ukraine Crisis’, said. Chinese President Xi Jinping will deliver a ‘peace speech’ before the United Nations today and is expected to reference the 12-point plan, one with some similarities to Kyiv’s own 10-point plan to end the invasion. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s ‘peace formula’ includes, rather simply, the Kremlin confirming that the war is over. Unlike China’s proposals, Zelensky’s includes an emphatic call for Russia to withdraw from Ukraine or to restore all captured territory. His plan would ‘save thousands of lives,’ Zelensky added in a speech to world leaders at the Group of 20 summit in Indonesia in November. ‘It will restore the validity of international law. It will revitalize the security architecture,’ he said. ‘It will return the global stability, without which the whole world is suffering. In essence– this is what the honest countries of the world are cooperating for.’ China has sought to place itself as a neutral party throughout the Ukraine war while also seemingly staying in Russia’s corner. The Russian president met with the country’s top diplomat, Wang Yi, on Wednesday, adding he was looking forward to one day welcoming his ‘friend’ Xi. ‘Our relations have never been directed against third countries,’ Wang told Vladimir Putin. ‘Our relations have withstood pressure from the international community and are developing very stably.’ On the same day that Russia tried to court China, US President Joe Biden wrapped up a three-day tour of Europe rallying Ukraine’s NATO allies. Biden vowed to protect NATO as he met with the alliance’s eastern flank nations in Warsaw, Poland. ‘You’re on the front line for our collective defence,’ Biden told the leaders. ‘And you know better than anyone what’s at stake in this conflict, not just for Ukraine, but for the freedom of democracies throughout Europe and around the world.’ During a press conference today, China’s foreign ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin baulked when asked which side of the war China believes ‘started and prolonged the war’. He told a reporter: ‘Our position is clear. We stand on the side of peace and dialogue, and on the right side of history. ‘We have been committed to promoting peace talks and making our contribution to bringing about a political settlement of the Ukraine crisis.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.