The next Full Moon is on February 5, in the sun sign of Aquarius and therefore its opposing sign of Leo. Full Moons always bring a pause in the month to reflect, ponder, contemplate, review, and release. More thought than action. This Full Moon’s Leo vibe promotes communication, performance, externalising your feelings, self expression, saying how you feel and saying it loud, proud and even creatively. Get it all off your chest and out of your system… although, listen to the wisdom of Aquarius, and make sure you prepare a little first. What are you going to say and who to? Plan, therefore, when is a good time and how you’re going to broach this topic. But, yes, it’s time to let some cats out of some bags. Let the tarot guide you towards what you need to get off your chest this Full Moon… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the Full Moon in Leo: The Hierophant Meaning: Rebellion. You are feeling like rebelling against something, someplace, or someone, which has been a big part of your values, ethos and life structure for a while. Could be family, religion, work, politics, community, friendship circle or something more abstract like a self belief or vision of life. You have changed, you don’t agree with it any longer, and you have bitten your tongue so as not to rock any boats but… enough. The Hierophant tells you to choose your words carefully and say how you feel. Get this out there. Have a debate. It might be time to change your position – and that is okay. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for the Full Moon in Leo: Ace of Swords Meaning: Something major has been brewing inside for at least the last month. The Ace of Swords is a brutally honest card urging you to be open and transparent with the person it pertains to about how you feel. Get a one-on-one dialogue. Expect it to be sparky, expect them to say stuff you didn’t expect. But say your piece anyway because this is like a pressure cooker, building up. Do it in a controlled way rather than a random outburst you might regret. It’s time to air your grievances and concerns. Get to the truth. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for the Full Moon in Leo: The Chariot Meaning: Travel, movement, new horizons, journeying, and exploration. These things are really important to you, as you are ruled by Hermes winged messenger, Mercury. The last few years have clipped your wings somewhat, and now you are getting antsy, jittery, hemmed in. The wanderlust is real! The Chariot urges you to talk to your usual travel companions this Full Moon about what you’re going to do and where you’re going to go in 2023. It’s important to have things to look forward to and plans that make you feel excited and optimistic about your future. Get them in place. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for the Full Moon in Leo: The Devil Meaning: Temptation. The ole’ devil beckoning you down a shady avenue that looks exciting, alluring, and full of possibility… but you know, deep down, it goes against your better self, your higher ideals, your healthy and happy goals. So, why do it? We all do it. The road to hell is paved with good intentions and best hopes. Cancer, The Devil urges you to talk about what is tempting you, what you struggle to resist, against your better nature. Seek advice, help, support, empathy. Seek to be understood. You are not alone. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for the Full Moon in Leo: Ten of Coins Meaning: You are a spontaneous, slightly wild, live for the moment kind of character – but you do, deep down, need to feel secure, safe, like there is a game plan and that your future is in your own hands. Control does matter. The Ten of Coins shows you wanting to put down roots. Things like mortgages, pensions, investments, career plans, long term health, home ideals, savings and debts are on your mind. You want to know where you’re heading and be in control of the material requirements there. Talk about it. Get professional advice. Make a plan Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for the Full Moon in Leo: King of Coins Meaning: You want to talk about the things you’ve learnt and the way you’ve grown and overcome your challenges. You want some recognition and acknowledgement for a job very well done. And why not? You deserve this moment in the sun. The King of Coins asks you to demand what you deserve and are maybe even owed. Don’t be a martyr. Don’t bite your tongue and let others showboat. Speak up. Show them what you’ve delivered, what you resolved, what you created. You added value. You deserve merit. Get it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for the Full Moon in Leo: Nine of Cups Meaning: A new goal, ambition or vision of an ideal life has been brewing privately and you’ve been nursing your fantasies and enjoying the daydreams. Now what? The Nine of Cups asks you to reveal these ideas this Full Moon, perhaps to a close friend or even your loved ones. Tell them what you most hope for. They will be supportive, maybe even inspired, and perhaps they can help you to manifest this ideal. The squeaky wheel gets the oil, as they say. So, squeak a bit! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for the Full Moon in Leo: Six of Wands Meaning: Count your blessings this Full Moon, Scorpio. Make a conscious effort, with the successful and glorious Six of Wands, to notice, clarify, express, and celebrate all the things which have gone, or are going, well for you right now. Make a list. Journal. Thank people. Congratulate people. Treat yourself. This is important because focusing on the positive consciously starts to reboot that negative inner voice (that we all suffer with). And it will invite more of the same. Be grateful. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for the Full Moon in Leo: The Magician Meaning: There’s pure magic flowing in and around you right now! The Full Moon could mark the beginning of a new era where you fulfil your full potential by focusing on your natural gifts, talents and strengths. Be creative. Lead. Invent. Innovate. Make something. Propose and pitch. Take a class. Express your ideas. You are brewing a product, service, artwork, invention, or business. It starts right here. It will progress massively in June and September of this year, but this is the starting point. So, focus on your talents and bring them to the table. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for the Full Moon in Leo: The Wheel of Fortune Meaning: Change unsettles you. You like to be in full control and are happy to take 100% responsibility for your own destiny (you don’t like being ‘done to’). The Wheel of Fortune asks you to express this fear this Full Moon. What area of life is it settling over right now? What’s the catastrophe you dread? Why do you feel this is possible? Get into it, talk about it, and watch these fears evaporate. You are torturing yourself. Then, think about what you are proactively going to change in your life. Get ahead of the curve and be the doer, vs the done to! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for the Full Moon in Leo: Temperance Meaning: Something in your life has been tipping into an extreme and you know it. Moderation is not in practice and it leaves you unbalanced and seeking to correct the keel back to even. Make a change. Talk about it. Try and understand what has set you off. Temperance shows this is a reaction to an external shift or circumstance, and you have just gone right the other way to counterbalance it… but have become ungrounded along the way. Get this out into the open and make an adjustment. You will feel much better. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for the Full Moon in Leo: The Moon Meaning: This Full Moon is a really powerful transit for you, Pisces. The Moon card shows that you might feel very emotional, confused, and like you can’t get a handle on what is really going on. Don’t fall prey to this mood because it won’t last. Put a pause on making any major moves, changes, or decisions this week. Instead, do your homework. Ask questions. Research. Probe. Get to the bottom of things. You need to uncover some important information and you need to talk to other people, and get beyond the façade, in order to do so. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of November 2022 MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Libra MORE : Mars retrograde slows everything down – your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the period