 EastEnders is set to shine the light on six of the soap’s most popular and formidable women in a special week of episodes to coincide with the anniversary. A new trailer has dropped intriguing hints at big events ahead, that will shake up the lives and upend the worlds of key characters. The styled video starts us off with Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) looking deeply stressed behind the bar. ‘There is a moment just before you do something…’ she is heard saying, before the shot spins to Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) in the food van, adding: ‘When time freezes.’ Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) is in the cafe, looking traumatised, as she continues: ‘And you think, is this really happening?’ In the Minute Mart, Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) has a similar line of thought, with, ‘am I really going to do this?’ In the salon, Denise Fox (Diane Parish) appears to confirm that whatever is being teased, does end up happening. ‘And then suddenly, it’s done,’ she says, with Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) adding outside the Queen Vic: ‘And your whole world shatters.’ As the trailer draws to a close, many questions are unanswered as a BBC continuity announcer declares: ‘In a flash, everything changes.’ It’s clear that EastEnders is planning something significant, as is usually the case when they wheel out a specially commissioned trailer rather than a series of clips. It appears to mark an uptick in the promotion from the BBC of the show, which is no bad thing. With the show’s overnight TV ratings on the rise, bucking the trend of the other soaps, it’s clear that the show is not planning to slow down any time soon. We are, of course, sworn to secrecy over further details, but the women have significant storylines underway right now. Stacey continues to struggle with the reality that daughter Lily (Lillia Turner) is pregnant at 12-years-old, while Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) is living under the dangerous shadow of her abusive killer husband Nish (Navin Chowdhry). Meanwhile, Denise is struggling with the temptation to embark upon a passionate affair with Ravi (Aaron Thiara), and Linda continues to grieve the loss of her husband Mick (Danny Dyer). ‘Linda has cemented herself as a modern day matriarch and we have big plans ahead for her,’ EastEnders boss Chris Clenshaw told Metro.co.uk, promising that the character will remain very much at the heart of the Square moving forwards. ‘Kellie is going to start shooting something in January that goes out in February and it’s something that we as a show haven’t done before,’ he continued. ‘Linda is at the centre of that.’ Kellie, meanwhile, teased a little herself, admitting that there’s not much she can say at this point, as she doesn’t want to give anything away. ‘I am quite excited about what is going to happen next,’ she exclaimed. ‘I know I’m part of something that’s going to be quite big and I’m excited about that.’ As the six women’s worlds collide, it seems to be no understatement when the word ‘shattered’ is used. EastEnders will air the episodes from Monday February 20 on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.