Love Island’s explosive movie night continued delivering the goods on Thursday, but left both Samie Elishi and Shaq Muhammad in tears, while Tom Clare walked out of the villa. Movie night caused drama for Olivia Hawkins, Casey O’Gorman and Tanya Manhenga of course, but it all turned into too much for footballer Tom. He and Samie, who had been going strong since returning from Casa Amor, were left questioning their relationship after watching the shocking clips, in which Tom snogged bombshell Lydia Karakyriakou and made it clear he was keen on sharing a bed with her. Recovering from the scenes, a tearful Samie said: ‘You haven’t been honest about what happened when I wasn’t here’. ‘I’m sick of the excuse,’ she continued, when Tom claimed he couldn’t remember anything that went on. ‘What, so is this done?’ he questioned her, to which she replied: ‘I don’t know!’ Tom walked out of the villa at the moment, saying: ‘I need to go outside’. He then told himself: ‘Pull yourself together man’. Meanwhile, Samie said in the Beach Hut, while in tears: ‘I’ve shocked myself about how much I do care. ‘Was I fool to trust him? He left out so much stuff.’ He also later added: ‘I care about her so much. We were in such a good place and now I feel like we’ve gone back in reverse.’ He then promised that he would leave the villa if they didn’t have a future together, saying: ‘If I’m not here with you then I would go tomorrow.’ Will the couple be able to get over the speed bump in their relationship, or is it all over? Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Shaq Muhammad in tears after clashing with Tanya Manhenga during explosive Movie Night row MORE : The Apprentice star fired in week 8 thought they were safe when Lord Alan Sugar shocked with big twist in boardroom 