The family of Tom Sizemore has confirmed the Saving Private Ryan star has no hope of recovery after he suffered a brain aneurysm earlier this month. The 61-year-old has remained at the Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center in Los Angeles since February 18. His family are now making an end-of-life decision for Sizemore, his representative confirmed in a statement this week. ‘Today doctors informed his family that there is no further hope and have recommended end of life decision. The family is now deciding end of life matters and a further statement will be issued on Wednesday,’ Charles Lago began. He added: ‘We are asking for privacy for his family during this difficult time, and they wish to thank everyone for the hundreds of messages of support and prayers that have been received. This has been a difficult time for them.’ On February 19, Lago revealed someone found the movie star unconscious at his home and called 911. Emergency services then transported Sizemore to a local hospital, where he was taken into intensive care. Lago told Fox News: ‘He is in the hospital. His family is aware of the situation and are hoping for the best.’ ‘It is too early to know about [a] recovery situation as he is in critical condition under observation,’ he confirmed. TMZ first broke the news of Sizemore’s hospitalisation, reporting that he was in a ‘bad way’, while chances of a full recovery were uncertain. The Hollywood star is best known for playing Mike Horvath in 1998 war action film Saving Private Ryan, starring alongside Tom Hanks and Matt Damon. Saving Private Ryan is set after the Normandy Landings and follows a group of US soldiers as they go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action. As well as the popular WWII flick, Sizemore also starred in Black Hawk Down, Natural Born Killers, and Heat. His latest project is set to be indie sci-fi film Impuratus, in which he plays a detective who is forced to believe in the supernatural after witnessing a Civil War veteran’s death bed confession. Speaking to Age of the Nerd about his lengthy career, he said previously: ‘I’ve always loved movies. ‘That’s why I started doing this, and after all these years I still adore movies.’ Given how the industry has changed over the years, he also noted how it’s important to still have ‘a real passion for stories.’ However, he’s also had a tumultuous personal life, having previously been arrested for domestic violence, possession of a controlled substance, and for driving under the influence. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Courteney Cox flanked by Jennifer Aniston and Lisa Kudrow as she receives star on Walk of Fame MORE : Keke Palmer announces birth of first child and reveals baby’s striking name  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 