Love Island star Jessie Wynter has admitted that she loves Will Young, after finding out the extent of his dalliance with Layla Al-Momani. During last night’s episode of the ITV2 competition, several of the original girls from the main villa met up with eliminated contestants who entered during Casa Amor to find out exactly what went down with the boys in their absence. Jessie, Claudia Fogarty and Samie Elishi sat down with Lydia Karakyriakou, Cynthia Otseh-Taiwo and Layla to uncover the truth, after Will confessed during the recoupling ceremony that he was unfaithful, kissing Layla behind Jessie’s back. Having broken down in tears in the villa, Jessie found out that 23-year-old farmer Will had been ‘saying a few flirty things’, though Layla claimed that at the time, she thought that he was ‘just being cheeky’. ‘It became a little bit more flirty. There was one point where he said, “I think you’re gonna turn my head,” or something like that,’ the 28-year-old brand managing director said. Jessie, a 26-year-old personal trainer, looked confused when she was told that Will told Layla that she had ‘brought out a side of him that he hasn’t been able to bring out in here yet’. Layla acknowledged that Will appeared to be acting ‘different’ after they kissed, as she took a swipe at the notion of boys feeling ‘guilty’ after cheating on girls, before being taken back. ‘He would have known that I would have felt disrespected by him doing that. Even the flirting probably would have upsetted me a little bit,’ Jessie said. ‘I feel like the fact that he’s chasing you and making the effort with you… it just really leaves me confused because I actually do feel like Will and I had a really genuine connection.’ Jessie cried as she recalled going to the Hideaway with Will, where they slept together for the first time, and questioned how he could have chased after another girl on the first day of Casa Amor despite their connection being ‘so strong’. After being told that ‘all of the boys were egging it on’, the former Love Island Australia star added: ‘It’s horrible. I swear to god I love that man, it’s really frustrating. I wanted to come back and tell him that. Imagine if I’d said that at the recoupling last night, that would have been so embarrassing, I’d feel so humiliated.’ As Claudia consoled her over her big revelation, Jessie said that it wasn’t ‘fair’ on either her or Layla. ‘Will told me that he wasn’t going to turn his head, and the fact that he said to you that he’s thinking about it, it’s just, all I’m hearing are words,’ she remarked. Several fans pointed out that Layla was extremely flirty with Will during Casa Amor, and so Jessie might still not have the full picture. We’ll just have to see if this is the end for Jessie and Will, or if they can make it back from this. Love Island returns on Sunday at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Kaz Crossley asks for ‘time to reflect’ after being ‘jailed in Dubai on suspicion of drug offences’ MORE : Love Island’s Casa Amor suffers worst ratings drop since the recoupling twist was introduced 