N-Dubz band member Fazer shared a video of his newborn twins as he updated fans on their arrival. The musician – real name, Richard Rawson – shares the babies with partner Ashley Havelin and announced their happy news on Instagram. He shared a video clip on his Instagram stories that showed the adorable tots sleeping side by side. The next slide featured the twins – a boy and a girl – in matching bear hoodies and trousers as they snuggled up into their bed. Captioning the short footage with a globe emoji and a heart emoji, he also added Drake and 21 Savage’s chart-topping song Treacherous Twins over the clip. An account on Twitter also announced the musician’s happy news above a family photo of the star, his partner and their daughter. The caption read: ‘Congratulations to  @ImRichardRawson and his partner on the birth of their twins. ‘They don’t have names yet, boy and girl, Fazer has joked he will call one Shaniqua and the other What for when he introduces them on stage one day [sic]’. Fazer, 36, and his partner already welcomed a daughter Ava Rose, together in 2013. News of Ashley’s pregnancy was revealed by the star in September pf last year alongside the fact they were expecting twins. He told The Sun at the time: ‘It’s double trouble – We have been blessed. ‘It totally blew us away, we’ve been walking on air since we found out the news we are expecting twins.’ Ashley, a model herself, also opened up on her pregnancy and how it had differed carrying two babies as opposed to one. Revealing she suffered from morning sickness, she said: ‘My tummy is already double the size – I didn’t show with Ava until I was well into my fifth month’. The pair have been an item since 2013, the same year they welcomed their first child together. Fazer’s personal update came after N-Dubz – made up of cousins Dappy and Tulisa, and Fazer – embarked on a UK arena tour 10 years after they split up. Last Autumn, shows started in November and included a feature from former Love Islander Wes Nelson. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Carey Mulligan’s baby bump makes red carpet debut at Baftas following reports she’s expecting third child with husband Marcus Mumford MORE : N-Dubz ‘recording in Michael Jackson’s studio after landing huge two-album deal’ 