Jeremy Renner has teased a new Disney Plus show as he looks forward to recovering from his snowplough accident. The Marvel star, best-known for playing superhero Hawkeye, was airlifted to hospital on New Year’s Day after breaking more than 30 bones when he was hit by and ‘pulled under’ the vehicle. It was later revealed the 52-year-old was trying to save his nephew from getting hit when he was involved in the horror accident. Jeremy has been sharing updates on his recovery journey with fans, including snaps from the ICU and announcing he had been allowed to return home to his family. Now the actor has given a glimpse at his upcoming series Rennervations, and appeared to promise a new series which will take him around the world. He took to Instagram where he shared a screengrab of the upcoming show and wrote: ‘We are so very excited to share the #rennervations show with you all on @disneyplus coming very soon!!! ‘As soon as I’m back on my feet, we are coming to YOU , all across the globe,’ he promised. ‘ I hope you’re ready !!!’ The new series sees Jeremy travel across the world helping different communities by helping them to, well, renovate. Rather than houses however, Rennervations will use custom-built vehicles to help meet a community’s needs. Fans immediately flocked to the comments to share their excitement for the show and to wish Jeremy well, with one saying the series sounds ‘fantastic’ but adding: ‘Don’t hurry too much to get back on your feet, make sure you are fully recovered. We can wait!’ The sentiment was echoed throughout the thousands of comments, with fans saying they were looking forward to watching Rennervations but to ‘focus on your recovery’ before getting out to do a second season. According to the Nevada sheriff’s office incident report of the horror crash, obtained by CNN, Jeremy had used the Snowcat to pull his nephew’s truck out of the snow, but the parking brake was ‘not engaged.’ The vehicle began rolling down the hill, with Jeremy jumping off the machine to escape, until he noticed it was heading towards his nephew and began trying to divert its path. To do this, Jeremy is thought to have climbed onto the moving track of the plough, but was ‘immediately pulled under the left side track’. Jeremy had been recovering at the Renown Regional Medical Center in Reno, Nevada, and returned home after two weeks. Taking to Instagram with a video from his hospital bed recently, he wrote: ‘Morning workouts, resolutions all changed this particular new year…. Spawned from tragedy for my entire family, and quickly focused into uniting actionable love. ‘I want to thank EVERYONE for their messages and thoughtfulness for my family and I …. Much love and appreciation to you all. ‘These 30 plus broken bones will mend, grow stronger, just like the love and bond with family and friends deepens. ‘Love and blessings to you all.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Renner crushed by snow plough while ‘trying to save nephew’ from being hit MORE : Chris Evans makes light-hearted joke about close friend Jeremy Renner’s snow plough accident 