Katherine Ryan has admitted she doesn’t take online trolls mum-shaming her to heart, and is glad her posts are sparking conversations. The 39-year-old welcomed newborn Fenna Grace with husband Bobby Koostra in December, and is already mum to Violet, 13, and one-year-old Frederick, Since then, she’s been sharing parenting life how it is on social media, including a wild story of getting herself locked out with her newborn inside, and pictures of her beautiful family – one of which featured a glass of wine. The post sparked backlash, with the comedian later addressing one person and saying: ‘My small children are smart enough to slowly explain to you why it’s fine.’ She’s now brushed off the trolls entirely, saying her posts are a good talking point. Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk at the National Comedy Awards, for which she scored outstanding female comedy entertainment performance, Katherine said: ‘I don’t mind mum-shaming, I feel like anytime people really jump on an issue is because they’re passionate about it, and we’re all very passionate about our children and how we raise them. She continued: ‘I had a glass of wine while breastfeeding which scientifically they say you can do, and I was happy to open up that conversation really, I don’t mind being in the eye of the storm and people hating on me because I know I’m right. ‘I don’t mind, my kids are happy, and I thought it was nice that we could have a conversation, because then maybe, there would be a mum watching that conversation at home who says, “Oh I can have one glass of wine, maybe I’ll keep breastfeeding for another six months or another year and I can have my life back and relax”.’ According to the NHS website, occasional drink is ‘unlikely’ to harm a baby, especially if you wait at least two hours after having a drink before feeding. If you regularly drink as much as 14 units per week, it’s best to spread your drinking evenly over three or more days. Elsewhere, Katherine gushed over Joe Lycett and his work to inspire social change through comedy, for which the comedian won the comedy game changer award. ‘It’s very difficult to achieve it in such a meaningful, nuanced way like he has,’ Katherine said, of Joe using comedy for social change. ‘Comedians tell the truth, and politicians tell lies, so if people just remember that and holding comedians to higher standards than politicians for what they say, the world could be a much better place. ‘Comedians are joking a lot of the time, and when we’re being sincere we’re usually being very kind and generous.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Corrie stars Katherine Kelly and David Neilson (aka Becky and Roy) reunite and fans’ hearts have melted MORE : Katherine Ryan on the ‘cold, calm panic’ and rollercoaster of events that led her to being locked out of house with newborn inside 