King Charles was met by a large group of anti-monarchy protestors on a visit to Milton Keynes. Among the crowd waving Union flags to greet the new monarch were a number of people from campaign group Republic, holding up signs saying ‘Not My King’. Some signs called for the abolition of the monarchy, while others referenced the King’s brother Prince Andrew. One witness told the MK Citizen: ‘At times they were chanting as if they were at a football match.’ Graham Smith, a spokesman for the group, said: ‘Instead of a pointless coronation we need a serious public debate. ‘We believe the British public should be asked, do you want Charles or a choice? ‘The tide is starting to turn against the monarchy and we need a serious debate about its future.’ He added that the group plans to protest at the coronation ceremony on May 6. Charles seemed happy to ignore the protestors, and smiled as he met the well-wishers who turned up outside the Church of Christ the Cornerstone, where his visit began. He was in Buckinghamshire to officially grant Milton Keynes the city status it was awarded as part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations last year. In the church, the King was due to meet members of the Milton Keynes community, including faith leaders and charity representatives. Bosses of Starship Technologies, the company behind the small robots that have been delivering food around the city for almost five years, were also present. In a tweet to mark the occasion, the newly renamed Milton Keynes City Council used a picture with an angle that avoided any suggestion of protest signs. Speaking at the ceremony, Charles said: ‘It is a name, as we know, that evokes the memory not only of one of our greatest poets, but also of one of our greatest economists. ‘It is that fine combination of lyricism and practical realism which marks out Milton Keynes today.’ He added: ‘As you mark your well-deserved status as one of England’s newest cities, I can only offer my heartfelt congratulations and my very best wishes for the future.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.