Love Island star Will Young was not at all happy to hear that the islanders had been talking about his partner Jessie Wynter behind her back. And that’s putting it lightly. On tonight’s episode of the ITV2 series, Jessie’s clash with Casey O’Gorman came to a head, when he became increasingly disgruntled in her expressing her opinion over his treatment of Claudia Fogarty, who he dumped in favour of new bombshell Rosie Seabrook. Casey became even more annoyed when he overheard Jessie and Will mention his name during pillow talk in bed, which also caused tension on his friendship with the farmer. But to make matters even worse, contestants on Winter Love Island 2023 including Maxwell Samuda and Olivia Hawkins have chimed in to share their two pence on the situation, both believing that Jessie may not be as genuine as she appears… and Will is ‘fuming’. While a group of the castmates sat together during the evening, Will heard the surprising news that Maxwell didn’t believe that Jessie was being authentic, after he pointed out that he didn’t see actual tears when she cried during the Casa Amor recoupling. Olivia added that her doubt over Jessie stemmed back to Movie Night, questioning why the personal trainer kept expressing her opinions over footage of other islanders. Will was confused as to why Maxwell didn’t come directly to express his concerns, asking: ‘Why’s he moving like a snake?’ While Olivia tried to defend her beau, Will added: ‘He’s 100% moving like a snake.’ Trying to be honest with her friend, Olivia informed Will that she, Rosie and Lana Jenkins had all been speaking about Jessie on the terrace without her knowledge. While Claudia jumped to Jessie’s defence, stressing that she was just trying to be there for her friends, Will remarked: ‘Why is everyone moving like snakes? Everyone is moving like snakes, if everyone’s talking about Jessie behind her back and not saying it.’ In the Beach Hut, a very frustrated Will spilled his frustrations even more, stating: ‘I’m learning that people don’t know how to voice their opinion if something’s on their mind. I’m a bit fuming about it, that I’m hearing it being whispered about.’ To make matters ironic, Casey and Jessie managed to squash their drama during a frank and good-hearted chat… as anger grew elsewhere. Samie also defended Jessie to the group that Will was sitting with, saying that she was trying to help the people that she loves. He summarised his feelings again by telling everyone: ‘I’m fuming about this, I’m not going to lie. I’m absolutely livid. I’m not joking. I’m livid.’ How will Jessie react when she learns what people such as Olivia and Maxwell have been saying behind her back? Because as we all know, nothing in the Love Island villa stays secret for too long. After tonight’s episode, viewers were given the chance to vote for the islanders that they thought were the most compatible, with those who receive the fewest votes at risk of being dumped from the island. Cue another Maya Jama fashion moment on the way! Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers slam girls for ‘bullying’ Casey O’Gorman during savage Snog Marry Pie challenge: ‘Have some shame’ MORE : Love Island’s Casey O’Gorman feels the wrath of Jessie Wynter after respectfully dumping Claudia Fogarty: ‘Get a life!’ 