Mark Wright offered fans a peek inside his £3.5million mansion’s stunning kitchen on Tuesday. The former Towie star filmed himself rustling up a plate of pancakes, showcasing the kitchen he shares with wife Michelle Keegan in all its glory while he was at it. From sleek countertops to gorgeous lighting and chic, gold-hued mirrors, the space is truly something. Oh, and don’t even get us started on those stunning countryside views. The kitchen’s huge island is crafted from beautiful grey marble and inside blacked-out glass cabinets, rows of sparkling champagne flutes were visible. Mark and Michelle, 36 and 35 respectively, have also incorporated a seating area into the space, with a plush white sofa visible on one side of the room. The stars have shared a handful of glimpses into their sprawling home, which they had built from scratch after having their farmhouse demolished two years ago. According to MailOnline, construction experts put the property’s value at a whopping £3.5million and the home also features a stunning bathroom (complete with spa), bar area and gym. Mark and Michelle have designed every aspect of their property to their own specifications, right down to the location of the plug sockets in the room. The reality star previously told Lorraine: ‘Honestly, you talk about stress, it’s fun stress but it’s where it’s the home we’re going to live in, I just want it to be perfect. ‘So even if it’s like, why’s there not a plug socket there? You know when you move into a new home, you can’t put a lamp somewhere ’cause there’s not a plug socket there, every finer detail I’m trying to get right because I don’t want to look back and think, “Ah, I shouldn’t have had that door there, I should have had it there”, so I’m changing things a lot. ‘It is a lot of stress but it’s a fun stress.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emmerdale legend Chris Chittell signs new contract to stay with show MORE : EastEnders star Tamzin Outhwaite shares loved up picture with boyfriend 