A devout Christian teacher accused of repeatedly misgendering a trans pupil was behaving like a ‘preacher’ in his job, a misconduct panel has heard. Joshua Sutcliffe, 32, allegedly breached professional standards with ‘conduct that negatively affected pupils’ while working at schools in Oxford on London. As well as misgendering a pupil, he also faces claims of acting inappropriately while discussing the ‘wrongfulness of equal marriage and/or homosexuality’ and encouraging pupils to watch ‘inappropriate’ videos about masculinity. He was suspended from the school in Oxford in 2017 for allegedly failing to use a pupil’s preferred pronouns on several occasions due to his religious beliefs. Mr Sutcliffe, who denies misconduct, previously said the school’s disciplinary action against him started when he said ‘well done girls’ to a group that included a pupil who identified as a boy, claiming he apologised when corrected. An investigation followed which reportedly found he had repeatedly referred to the pupil by name rather ‘he’ or ‘him’, which he claimed had never caused any upset. The maths teacher then resigned and took legal action against the school, claiming he was a victim of religious discrimination and constructive dismissal. He went on to appear on ITV’s This Morning about the interview, which ‘made it likely’ the pupil would be identified, according to the Teaching Regulation Agency (TRA). He was dismissed from the London school in 2019 over YouTube videos in which he said Muslims have a ‘false understanding of God’, that Muhammad was a ‘false prophet’, and that ‘passive men don’t protect, defend or provide’. The panel heard some pupils followed his channel and that he told students to ‘look out for the next video’. Mr Sutcliffe’s lawyer, Michael Phillips, denied that the YouTube videos were shown to pupils in school, adding that his comments about Islam and other religions such as Mormonism were made in his own time. But the TRA said the teacher’s TV appearance showed he ‘wanted to profess his opinion on the transgender debate’ and that he was ‘ignorant and aloof’ about the effect it would have on his trans pupil. Andrew Cullen, representing the body, said the 32-year-old had ‘lost sight of his role’, adding: ‘He prioritised his interests above that of Pupil A. ‘If you find there was one incident for which he apologised there can be no finding of misconduct. The TRA’s case has never been that a teacher should be prosecuted for an accidental slip (regarding a pronoun). ‘This, the TRA’s case, is not about speech censorship. The teacher failed to separate the preacher from the teacher in the way that he acted.’ Mr Sutcliffe also denied telling a maths class at the Oxford that he thought same-sex marriage was wrong, claiming it was in fact during a Bible study group he had set up. His lawyer quoted George Orwell by saying ‘freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four’, likening the teacher’s plight to a novel in which political dissidents are tortured to within inches of death. He added: ‘At the heart of this case is his ability to speak truthfully about life, about who we are. ‘The very marker of a democratic society, we would say, is the freedom to speak truthfully even when other people don’t want to hear what you have to say.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.