Erm, so Tallia Storm has to be superhuman, because she actually rocked up to the Brit Awards wearing a bikini… in February! The Scottish singer turned everyone’s heads when she posed on the red carpet, with very little to actually keep her covered. Tallia, 24, is certainly no stranger to bold looks, with her history of whacky outfits and big hairstyles well documented throughout her career, especially as a teen. But just when you thought you’d seen it all, the songwriter decided actual clothes for British music’s biggest night were overrated, opting for hot pink swimwear instead. Well, why not? There’s no denying that Tallia looked stunning, showing off her toned physique in the teeny garment. Smiling for cameras, Tallia oozed confidence, even if we are getting goosebumps just by looking at her. Fortunately, she did have some sort of coverage, as she paired her bikini with a huge white fur coat, which came down to her knees. On her feet, Tallia also wore a fluffy pair of pink boots, with a fluffy bucket hat on her head. Tying the whole look together, she carried her night’s essentials in a fluffy pink handbag. If you can’t do something daring for the Brits, when can you, eh? This year’s Brit Awards take place on a Saturday for the first time, at London’s O2 Arena. With Mo Gilligan as host, the night boasts a starry line-up, with the likes of Harry Styles, Stormzy, Lizzo, Sam Smith and Kim Petras set to wow with performances. In fact, Harry leads this year’s noms too, with four to his name and fresh from his Grammys success with Harry’s House. Rock band Wet Leg boast four as well. Nominees also include Blackpink – the only Korean pop group nominated – as well as The 1975, Calvin Harris, Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, and Becky Hill. The Brit Awards 2023 will air live tonight at 8pm on ITV1 and ITVX. MORE : Jessie J reveals sex of her baby as she preps to walk Brits red carpet for first time in 10 years MORE : Love Island’s Maya Jama oozes glamour in bedazzled black gown after swapping South Africa sun for Brit Awards red carpet 