Film star Tamer Hassan fought back tears as he opened up about his family missing in Turkey after the earthquake on Sky News. The 7.8-magnitude quake is the deadliest in over a decade as the death toll hit 15,000 people on Thursday. Around 70 members of the UK International Search and Rescue Team have arrived in the Middle Eastern country to assist with the search operation. Among those volunteering is The Football Factory star, who is the father of Love Island’s Belle Hassan. The 54-year-old appeared on Thursday’s Sky News, in which he revealed his plans to fly out to join the search effort. The gangster movie star also broke down as he revealed his ‘worry’ about missing family members who live in the area. Choking up, Tamer said: ‘We have family missing. Due to the cold weather, we’re not hopeful. We’re quite worried.’ The Batman Begins star had explained that he had been raising money and sending over supplied to those in need. ‘We’re trying to find a route into Turkey and to the worst affected areas,’ he continued. ‘The biggest distress for me is that there are some areas that are being completely flattened and with no help. ‘That’s our biggest fear.’ Appealing for help, Tamer said he was in the process of pinpointing the areas ‘where the most help was needed.’ He added: ‘We’re reaching out to everyone around the world, everybody that can see what’s happening here with this humanitarian disaster. ‘We’re just holding our hands out for everybody to help as much as they can. As I said before we have family out there. People dying.’ It comes after Love Island winner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu called for donations after revealing her family were also caught up in the disaster. ‘It’s honestly so heartbreaking because it’s my heritage, I’m Turkish so I’ve got so many friends and family out there,’ she said. ‘I have members of my family who have experienced the shake. They’ve been outside, they’ve been sleeping outside,’ she added when also appearing on Sky News. The first quake hit the Turkish city of Gaziantep in the early hours of Monday, reducing thousands of homes and buildings across the south of the country and northern Syria to rubble as people slept. A series of aftershocks has left tens of thousands injured and survivors are feared trapped under thousands of collapsed buildings. Relief efforts have been hampered by damaged infrastructure, freezing winter temperatures and limited medical facilities. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu calls for donations in Turkey appeal after family members are forced to sleep outside MORE : Turkey and Syria earthquake is deadliest in over a decade as death toll hits 15,000 