Rihanna has shed light on when we can expect new music, teasing that she could be releasing something as soon as this year. Fans have been calling out for the illusive R9 ever since the Umbrella singer dropped Anti in 2016, but have been left twiddling their thumbs. In that time, the 34-year-old has given birth to her first child, with boyfriend A$AP Rocky, and been working hard on her ever-expanding beauty and lingerie empires. Many were convinced that her epic Super Bowl Halftime show over the weekend would finally give everyone some new hits, but instead she celebrated some of her biggest hits from her extensive back catalog. ‘I want it to be this year,’ she said of new hits in a new interview with British Vogue – alongside a stunning photoshoot. ‘Honestly, it’d be ridiculous if it’s not this year. But I just want to have fun. I just want to make music and make videos.’ Honestly same. Rihanna has been in and out of the recording studio on her material, but has chosen not to release any of the songs. The expectant mom, who is set to welcome baby number two with Rocky, has been busy working throughout the ‘hiatus’, and released two tracks for the Black Panther: Wakanda Forever soundtrack last year – with Lift Me Up earning the musician her very first Oscar nomination in the best original song category. Discussing her last album, she admitted there is ‘toxic’ pressure that she put on herself when comparing potential records to Anti. ‘When you come off of an album like Anti…,’ she continued. ‘In hindsight, it really is my most brilliant album. I say that because in the moment, I didn’t realize it. But it always felt like the most cohesive album I’ve ever made. ‘But there’s this pressure that I put on myself. That if it’s not better than that then it is not even worth it. ‘It’s not the right way to look at music because music is an outlet and a space to create, and you can create whatever. It doesn’t have to even be on any scale. It just has to be something that feels good. It could just be a song that I like. It literally could be that simple. ‘So I realised that if I keep waiting until this feels right and perfect and better, maybe it’s going to keep taking forever and maybe it’ll never come out and no, I’m not down to that. So I want to play. And by play, I mean I have my ideas in my head, but I can’t say them out loud yet.’ Just last week, Rihanna touched on what fans could expect from her new songs, revealing some might find her choices ‘weird’. Appearing at the Apple Music Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show press conference on Thursday, she said: ‘Musically, I’m feeling open. ‘I’m feeling open to exploring, discovering, creating things that are new, things that are different, things that are off, weird, might never make sense to my fans. ‘I just want to play, I want to have fun with music.’ Well, we’re ready for whatever RiRi has up her sleeve. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Niall Horan fans lose their minds as he finally announces third solo album and teases tour dates MORE : Stacey Solomon shares adorable moment 1-year-old Rose met newborn sister Belle – and we know they’ll be thick as thieves  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 