Robbie Williams’ dad Pete Conway was rushed to hospital after a nasty fall left him with a broken bone in his spine. The 72-year-old comedian alerted fans to his fall via social media and offered an explanation for his emergency services visit on Tuesday. Posting pictures of himself strapped onto a stretcher in the back of an ambulance, the Stoke-on-Trent native appeared in a hospital gown and mask as he grimaced at the camera. A second image showed the famous father posing with the two paramedics that supported him during his tumble which he claimed happened as a result of his Parkinson’s. Pete captioned the post: ‘Yesterday I had a fall and broke a bone in my spine..(yes, it hurts)… and I spent all day today in hospital. I’ve had better days. #Parkinsons is a nuisance [sic].’ Robbie revealed news of his dad’s condition in 2020, telling The Mirror at the time: ‘My dad has got Parkinson’s… My dad is thousands of miles away.’ The Angels singer, 48, is currently away on tour having played at a packed-out arena in Cologne last night. In his son’s absence, plenty of fans and friends rushed to offer their support to the elderly star underneath his Twitter post. One penned: ‘Oh sorry to hear this my mate. Sending my love & wishing you fast recovery [sic].’ Another typed: ‘Sending you my best, Pete. If you need owt, just call me x [sic]’. ‘Bloody hell mate. Hope you’re ok. Much love x [sic]’, actor and singer Dean Andrews commented. Pete’s rockstar offspring previously revealed his ‘fear and panic’ at living so far away from his parent amid his battle with the disease. He told The Sun of his worries: ‘We are incredibly fortunate to be where we are but right now I am also talking for my dad, who is in the bungalow in Stoke-on-Trent and for my mum, who is in a house by herself. ‘They’re of that age that is very vulnerable to what is going on, so I am speaking to them on the phone daily.’ The father-son duo have taken the stage together many times as Pete is also a keen singer. Metro.co.uk contacted Robbie’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Robbie Williams unveils massive new project – as voice of Felix cat food adverts MORE : Robbie Williams wants us to let him entertain us at Glastonbury and says his performance would ‘take heads off’ 