A man was released from prison after serving almost 28 years behind bars for a murder he says he didn’t commit. Lamar Johnson, 50, walked free on Tuesday after a Missouri judge vacated his conviction for murder. Johnson was sentenced to life in prison on murder charges in 1995. Johnson was accused of murdering Marcus Boyd in October 1994, who was shot by two masked gunmen over a drug money dispute, prosecutors argued. Johnson consistently maintained that he was with his girlfriend, Erika Barrow, for most of the evening of the crime. Investigators later identified Phil Campbell as the second assailant. He pleaded guilty and received a reduced 7-year prison sentence. Three years after Boyd’s death, a prison inmate named James Howard, who was already serving a life sentence for another murder, confessed to his murder. Howard said he and Campbell planned to rob Boyd, who owed their friend money. He also admitted in a signed affidavit that he fired two shots into the victim’s head and neck, and that Johnson was not involved. The case continued to fall apart when an important witness, James Gregory Elking, recanted his statement to investigators. Elking had originally identified Johnson as the gunman in a police lineup, but later said he felt ‘bullied’ and ‘pressured’ to name him. He was also paid $4,000 for his testimony, which was never revealed to the jury St Louis Circuit Attorney Kimberly Gardner’s office first tried to get Johnson a new trial in 2019. Gardner, a Democrat, was fought by then-Missouri Attorney General Eric Schmitt, a Republican, who successfully argued that her office did not have the authority to grant a new trial so long after the original. In August, Gardner’s office filed a new motion to vacate his conviction entirely, citing new evidence and prosecutorial misconduct – specifically citing the secret payments made to Elking. The office of current Attorney General Andrew Bailey, also a Republican, similarly opposed Gardner’s motion, but said they would take no further efforts to keep Johnson behind bars. ‘Our office defended the rule of law and worked to uphold the original verdict that a jury of Johnson’s peers deemed to be appropriate based on the facts presented at trial,’ a spokesperson for Bailey’s office said. Circuit Court Judge David Mason said Johnson’s case had ‘reliable evidence of actual innocence — evidence so reliable that it actually passes the standard of clear and convincing.’ Mason also accused Johnson’s original trial of including ‘constitutional error,’ seemingly confirming the claims of prosecutorial misconduct. The courtroom erupted in cheers and applause as Mason vacated his conviction. Johnson closed his eyes and nodded solemnly. ‘The conviction of Lamar Johnson – the State v. Lamar Johnson – is hereby set aside and held for naught,’ the judge said. Johnson walked out of the St Louis courthouse and thanked his attorneys, but did not take any questions from reporters. ‘This is unbelievable,’ Johnson said. ‘I want to thank God, my mom, and the Mid-Atlantic Innocence Project,’ he later added. His attorneys at the Mid-Atlantic Innocence Project also set up a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to help him start over after 28 years behind bars. The fundraiser has already gathered over $50,000 in donations. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.