Manchester United striker Mason Greenwood has reportedly held his first talks with manager Erik ten Hag after his charges of attempted rape, assault and controlling and coercive behaviour were dropped last week. The 21-year-old was arrested in January 2022 amid allegations surrounding images and videos that appeared on social media and he has not played for the club since. Despite the charges being dropped, United are currently conducting their own internal investigation into what happened and have confirmed Greenwood will not play while it is taking place. The United first team fear the return of Greenwood could disrupt their season and are believed to be against the forward being reintroduced to the squad. According to The Sun, Ten Hag has now called Greenwood for a conversation with a source claiming the Dutchman asked him ‘how he was feeling physically and mentally’. Ten Hag was reportedly ‘pleased the charges had been dropped’ and ‘thought it was the right thing to do’ to reach out to Greenwood, who had been previously communicating with the club via a third party. Greenwood is prepared to make a dramatic transfer to Asia to restart his football career if United sack him following their investigation, according to reports. It is claimed that Greenwood, under contract until 2025, feels he may not be able to play at United or indeed any club in England due to the reaction he would likely receive and is prepared to go very far afield to resume playing football. Meanwhile, Nike have confirmed they no longer have any ties with Greenwood after the suspended United forward reposted the kit manufacturer to his Instagram account. There was some confusion over the current situation as he put the manufacturer back on his Instagram bio but they issued a statement which read: ‘Mason Greenwood is no longer a Nike athlete.’ MORE : Man Utd squad don't want Mason Greenwood to return to dressing room this season MORE : Mason Greenwood plotting drastic transfer if Man Utd block first-team return 