Bradley Cooper wasn’t actually in the UK the night Made In Chelsea star Sophie Habboo claims he ‘chatted her up’ in a London bar. The 29-year-old star had said the 48-year-old Hollywood hunk struck up a conversation while she was ‘waiting for the loo’ during a night out with fiance Jamie Laing, 34, but it turns out that may not have been the case. A source has now said the actor wasn’t even in the country at the time, and was instead in New York with his family. The insider told MailOnline: ‘Bradley wasn’t in London that night. He was with his family in New York and drove to Pennsylvania that day.’ Earlier this week, Sophie had claimed she rejected his advances and ‘ran away’ because she felt ‘so nervous’ about the encounter as she opened up with fiance Jamie on the NearlyWeds podcast. ‘Sophie met Bradley Cooper in this bar. And he walked up to her,’ Jamie said, before Sophie interjected: ‘I said, “I’m engaged”. And he said, “Where’s your fiancé?” and I said, “He’s downstairs.” ‘ She added: ‘I ran away, I got so nervous. I went bright red – my whole body. I’m not normally a nervous person. I was waiting in the queue to go to the loo by the way and I was so desperate but I didn’t even end up going. ‘My chat was shocking – I do replay it in my head sometimes – thinking, “Why didn’t I say this or this?” I’m so lame. I was like, “Oh no I’m engaged”, I could’ve just been like it’s an open relationship.’ Jamie quickly reassured their listeners that the couple – who are due to tie the knot in May – are not actually in an open relationship. ‘Well it would’ve been a good story to tell,’ Sophie quipped. Meanwhile, Jamie opened up about how he felt about the story, saying: ‘All of her friends were sitting around the table and just turned to me and said, “Well that is her type Jamie”. ‘Listen, I hold myself well. I’m generally not that jealous, but I was a little bit like, this is Bradley Cooper – he’s up there. It was hard.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jamie Laing reveals why he quit Made in Chelsea after it became ‘unsustainable’ MORE : Jamie Laing goes into extremely intimate details about first time he had sex with fiancée Sophie Habboo 