Laura Anderson has set the record straight about her split from Gary Lucy after he recently revealed the reason they ended their relationship. The former Love Island star is pregnant and expecting her first child with the ex-Hollyoaks actor. They announced the news earlier in February, weeks after reports emerged they had ended their whirlwind romance which began last year on Celebs Go Dating. In a recent interview, Gary, 41, said he and Laura, 33, broke up as she had allegedly wanted him to move to her native Scotland. However, he was reluctant to move in order to remain close to the four children he already shares with ex-wife Natasha Gray. However, Laura has now disputed this version of events in a statement posted to her Instagram stories on Wednesday. ‘I had no intention to comment on the breakdown of my relationship with Gary,’ she began. ‘However, due to what has now been publicly shared by other parties, I have been left with no choice.’ The influencer went on: ‘Gary and I are no longer together due to multiple reasons which will remain private ‘Our plan was for me to move to Essex to start our family which I was more than happy to do. However since the breakdown of our relationship I have remained at home in Scotland. My priority is bringing my baby up in a calm and stable environment. ‘I never asked or expected Gary to move to Scotland. I fully support him living in Essex to be close to his four amazing children.’ The reality star concluded: ‘I am fully focused on having a healthy, happy pregnancy and remain excited to share this incredible journey with you all.’ Earlier this week, Laura fuelled rumours of tension between her and Gary after removing mention of him from her pregnancy announcement post on Instagram. In his interview with The Sun, Gary had said: ‘Laura did want me to move but I have my responsibilities here. ‘I have four kids and all the things that go along with that so it’s very difficult, if not impossible, to uproot at this time.’ He continued: ‘Having gone through a divorce, my children need me and living such a long way from them just would not be possible. ‘I wish I could break myself in half. I would if I could.’ Gary and ex-wife Natasha were married for four years until they divorced in 2018. The soap star appeared to be amicable with Laura despite their split, as he featured in her pregnancy announcement video. After meeting on Celebs Go Dating, Laura and Gary confirmed their romance in December when they spent Christmas together. It was not known at the time that Laura was pregnant, with her eventual reveal showing them posing with her baby bump wearing Christmas pyjamas. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Laura Anderson removes mention of ex Gary Lucy in pregnancy announcement post edit MORE : Gary Lucy reveals ‘impossible’ situation caused Laura Anderson split before pregnancy reveal 