Laura Anderson was very straightforward when asked if she would be getting back together with ex Gary Lucy now the pair are expecting a child together. The Love Island star, 28, announced in February that she was pregnant and expecting her first child with ex-Hollyoaks actor Gary, 41. However the announcement came shortly after the pair had broken up after first meeting on Celebs Go Dating last year. Laura had initially included Gary’s Instagram tag on her pregnancy announcement but later removed it, and has since publicly denied that they broke up because she had asked him to move to Scotland. Gary has four children with ex-wife Natasha Gray, with the family residing in Essex and Laura has now confirmed she and Natasha have spoken about her child being a part of the family and embracing their half-siblings. The mum-to-be has opened up on her pregnancy and former relationship in an Instagram Q&A with fans, and when asked if there was any chance of reconciliation with Gary now they were to become parents together, she answered decisively: ‘No.’ And as for whether they were on good terms? ‘Definitely not.’ Coming close to tears when one fan asked how she herself was doing, Laura admitted it had been ‘a very stressful few months but the only way is up.’ She revealed the pregnancy was planned and it ‘worked first time,’ and while she had always wanted children she ‘didn’t expect to be a single mum.’ ‘I’ve always wanted that family unit but it’s 2023, things happen in life. I’ve had a lot of amazing messages from single mums. You’ve got to be strong, power through and be positive.’ That said, she admitted she was ‘absolutely terrified’ to bring a baby up alone. There were ‘loads of reasons’ she and Gary split – ‘but I definitely did not tell Gary to move to Scotland!’ ‘I do feel like it’s every child’s right to have their mother and father together under the same roof. I have felt mum guilt. Am I going to be enough? But there’s going to be a lot of love around… hopefully everything will be more than enough.’ She and Gary don’t ‘yet’ have a co-parenting plan, but ‘hopefully once the baby is here’ they would figure something out, adding he would ‘one million percent’ be a part of the child’s life. The mum-to-be also knows the gender of her unborn baby but said she would be keeping it private for now. Laura’s Q&A comes after she publicly denied asking Gary to move to Scotland with her, after he claimed she had done in an interview with the Sun. She wrote on social media: ‘Our plan was for me to move to Essex to start our family which I was more than happy to do. However since the breakdown of our relationship I have remained at home in Scotland. My priority is bringing my baby up in a calm and stable environment. ‘I never asked or expected Gary to move to Scotland. I fully support him living in Essex to be close to his four amazing children.’ The reality star concluded: ‘I am fully focused on having a healthy, happy pregnancy and remain excited to share this incredible journey with you all.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Laura Anderson blasts claims she asked Gary Lucy to move to Scotland amid pregnancy as she speaks out on break-up MORE : Laura Anderson removes mention of ex Gary Lucy in pregnancy announcement post edit 