The first victim of Metropolitan Police officer David Carrick to publicly reveal her identity has detailed how he set snakes on her. Darciane Nunes Da Silva courageously waived her anonymity to encourage other women abused by the officer to come forward. For a period of two decades, he committed 48 rapes, becoming one of the worst sex offenders in modern history. Ms Da Silva said was abused by Carrick while she was in a relationship with him. The 43-year-old recalled him strangling and violently slapping her, spying on her with hidden cameras, and punishing her when she did not obey him. ‘He knew how to manipulate me. He was always threatening me and telling me, “I am a policeman and I am going to deport you if you don’t do what I want”,’ she told the Sunday People. She added that on two occasions he released snakes on the floor simply to terrify her. ‘Twice as a punishment he released the snakes on our floor. I was on top of the sofa yelling and screaming,’ Ms Da Silva said. She stressed that her abuse at the hands of Carrick left her ‘suicidal’ and that she hopes her bravery in speaking out will inspire other victims to come forward. The Brazilian said that she first met Carrick at a pub in London after matching with him on a dating app. She described him as initially seeming like the perfect man, but he soon became aggressive and violent. He controlled her diet and bed time, and forced her to let him use handcuffs and sex toys on her. Carrick, nicknamed ‘Bastard Dave’, was sacked from the Met for gross misconduct after admitting 49 criminal charges. This includes 24 counts of rape against 12 women over an 18-year period. He is due to be sentenced for the crimes at Southwark Crown Court on Monday. Ms Da Silva said she does not believe Carrick can ever change, and called for him to get 40 years in prison. She added: ‘I think that would be fair because I know some of his victims lost 20 years because of what he did. ‘He needs to be punished. I don’t believe he can ever change and I worry that if he gets out he will hurt someone else. ‘But I hope by then he will be so old he won’t be able to.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.