The mother of a missing aristocrat who vanished with her newborn baby and sex offender boyfriend has issued an emotional open letter to her daughter. Virginie de Selliers pledged to stand by Constance Marten, 35, and her grandchild, telling her: ‘You are not alone in this situation. We will support you in whatever way we can.’ Constance and her partner Mark Gordon, 48, have been ‘off grid’ since their car broke down on the M61 on January 5. They are reportedly sleeping rough after buying camping equipment from an Argos in London. Gordon was deported after serving a sentence for raping and beating a woman in her 20s in Florida when he was 14. It is the first time that Miss Marten’s mother has said anything publicly about her daughter’s disappearance. In the letter, Mrs de Selliers writes: ‘Open Letter to My Darling Daughter Constance. ‘I know you well enough; you are focused, intelligent, passionate and complex with so much to offer the world. So many of your friends have come forward to say such positive things about you, assuring us of their warmest love and support for you and your family. ‘You have made choices in your personal adult life which have proven to be challenging, however I respect them, I know that you want to keep your precious new-born child at all costs. ‘With all that you have gone through this baby cannot be removed from you but instead needs looking after in a kind and warm environment. ‘I want to help you and my grandchild. You deserve the opportunity to build a new life, establish a stable family and enjoy the same freedoms that most of us have. ‘Constance, I will do what I can to stand alongside you and my grandchild. You are not alone in this situation. We will support you in whatever way we can. ‘I am ready to do what it takes for you to recover from this awful experience so you can thrive and enjoy motherhood. ‘I love you and miss you, Mum xx.’ The missing couple have so far avoided being traced by the police by moving around frequently and keeping their faces covered in CCTV images. A £10,000 reward is on offer for information that leads to them being found safe. Police say the couple appear to have lots of physical cash, allowing them to avoid making digital payments that could be tracked. Constance grew up on her family’s Crichel House estate in Dorset, which was put on the market for £100million in 2010 before its sale to a US buyer. Her father, film and music producer Napier Martin, previously made a heartbreaking appeal for her to return home. Appealing to his daughter in an audio message provided to the Independent, Mr Marten said: ‘Darling Constance even though we remain estranged at the moment, I stand by, as I have always done and as the family has always done, to do whatever is necessary for your safe return to us. ‘I beseech you to find a way to turn yourself and your wee one in to the police as soon as possible, so you and he or she can be protected. ‘Only then can a process of healing and recovery begin, however long it may take, however difficult it may be. ‘I would like you to understand that the family will do all that is needed for your wellbeing. And I also wish you to understand you are much much loved whatever the circumstances. ‘We are deeply concerned for your and your baby’s welfare.’ Gordon, who had moved to America with his family in 1989, was jailed for 20 years before being deported back to the UK in 2010 where he would have had to sign on to the Sex Offenders’ Register. Court papers also suggest he went on the run for six weeks before his arrest. Gordon and Ms Marten met in 2016, prompting her to drop out of acting school and cut ties with her family. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.