Warning: spoilers ahead for The Last of Us episode 6. The Last of Us is a sublime TV show, with its story, cinematography, visual effects and performances by leads Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey acclaimed since its launch. However, it appears that no matter how brilliant a programme is, there’s still room for mistakes… with one seemingly spotted by fans in the latest release, after episode 6 came out on Sunday in the US and Monday in the UK. In the latest instalment of the adaptation of the popular video game, Joel (Pedro) and Ellie (Bella) are travelling across a snowy landscape to get to Wyoming, where they hope to find Joel’s brother Tommy (Gabriel Luna), who he hasn’t seen in months. At one point, they cross a bridge, having been warned by a couple living in a secluded house that they’re wading into dangerous territory, where their lives could be at risk. During an aerial shot, eagle-eyed viewers appeared to spot members of the production crew accidentally remaining in view of the camera to the left of the screen. The moment occurs 14 minutes into the episode, and more fans have begun to discuss the supposed major blunder. There have also, of course, been comparisons to the infamous moment in Game of Thrones when a coffee cup was left on a table during a scene. One fan, a guitarist and composer called Scott T Jones, responded to a tweet from The Last of Us’ co-showrunner Neil Druckmann with a screenshot of the moment in question. ‘Brilliant episode. Something you might want to fix and reupload though. You can see the film crew in this shot,’ he said. One person tried to offer a plausible explanation, making up a story to explain the extra people in the shot by replying: ‘Those were local survivors from the settlement, shooting new material for the town movie night. Maria & Tommy said they didn’t need film permits, it’s fine.’ ‘I’m glad I wasn’t the only one that noticed this hahaa,’ another viewer remarked, as someone else suggested that HBO could tweak the scene to digitally remove the crew members, writing: ‘Better watch it now because soon it will change. Welcome to the online digital world.’ The sixth episode of The Last of Us was hailed among fans, with many praising the stirring performances by Pedro, Bella and Gabriel. Meanwhile, the decision to show Ellie inspecting a menstrual cup has been highly praised for helping to break down the taboo that continues to surround menstruation. Metro.co.uk has contacted HBO for comment. The Last of Us is available to watch on Sky and NOW, with new episodes released on Mondays. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Last of Us fans applaud TV show for breaking down menstruation taboo in episode 6 with Ellie MORE : Does Joel die in The Last of Us? Episode 6 ending explained  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 