The father of missing mother-of-two Nicola Bulley said he struggles to ‘hold it together’ when he looks at his devastated grandchildren. Ernest Bulley, 73, broke down telling how the girls, aged six and nine, are constantly asking questions about their mother. ‘When I look at the kids, I have to go out of the room because I can’t hold it together,’ he told The Mirror. ‘They are asking where mummy is and, when is mummy coming home? It’s so hard.’ Nicola’s partner Paul Ansell, 44, had to explain the situation to their children at the weekend. ‘He just said: “Mummy’s lost,”’ their grandma Dorothy, 72, told the Sun. Paul’s dad David added: ‘They cried their eyes out.’ Nicola, 45, was last seen on Friday morning at around 9.20am while walking her dog and dialled into a business call alongside the River Wyre in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. The mortgage advisor had just dropped off her daughters at the local school in the village. Her phone was discovered on a park bench nearby, along with the harness and lead for her dog, Willow, a springer spaniel. The dog was found running loose by a passer-by who alerted the police, but despite a huge search, there’s been no trace of her. Willow was reportedly ‘bone dry’ and hadn’t been in the water, but was in an ‘agitated’ state. There was speculation Nicola might have slipped down a river bank into the water, but her father said there has been no sign of her falling in, and she was in good spirits during their last conversation. Mr Bulley added: ‘I asked the sergeant from Fleetwood a few days ago, “Is there any chance of her being taken?” and she said, “I don’t think that’s the case”. ‘I said, “How can you know that?” It’s such an isolated area, the only way that has happened is if it was someone who knew her.’ Police helicopters, drones, sniffer dogs and specialist divers have been searching the area around the River Wyre for almost a week. In a statement, Nicola’s family said: ‘We have been overwhelmed by the support from our community and would like to thank everyone for their ongoing efforts to help us find Nicola. ‘The girls are desperate to have their mummy back home safe with them and your ongoing efforts have provided comfort to them whilst we await news on Nicola. ‘We ask for anyone who thinks they may have any information that may help the police find Nicola to please come forward and help them with their inquiries.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.