People tuning in to watch BBC Two’s Newsnight last night could help but be distracted by the sound of Lord Baker’s phone ringing multiple times in the interview. With viewers making comparisons to satirical comedy series The Thick of It, broadcaster Victoria Derbyshire stepped in to try and help the politician deal with the incessant ringing. However, the device kept on going off, with the programme descending into chaos as the pair attempted to return to the more serious topic of conversation at hand. At one point when the 88-year-old’s phone was ringing, the former education secretary was unable to turn it off himself, handing it over to Victoria as he asked: ‘Would you turn it off?’ ‘I will, don’t worry,’ the 54-year-old journalist replied, explaining that she was putting it on silent, before remarking: ‘You really are in demand.’ Lord Baker joked that he didn’t think it was the Prime Minister on the other end. When his phone went off another time, the former Conservative MP looked thoroughly confused by the disruptions, as Victoria told him: ‘Give me your phone,’ so she could help him out. ‘The Prime Minister’s very insistent isn’t he,’ Lord Baker quipped, chuckling. On a third occasion that the phone rang, Victoria commented that someone was ‘trying to tell you to shush’, and finally handed it back at the end of the interview when thanking Lord Baker for joining her on the programme. ‘The #Newsnight interview with Lord Baker tonight was like an episode of Yes Minister combined with The Thick of It. His phone rang at least 4 times and he couldn’t switch it off,’ one person tweeted. ‘#Newsnight absolutely cracking tonight,’ another commented, adding: ‘In the Thick of it comes to mind.’ Someone else remarked that it seemed as though ‘someone was asking him to shh’ during the interview, when Lord Baker spoke about Rishi Sunak and Nadhim Zahawi’s tax affairs. Meanwhile, someone else brought up the recent phone controversy that occurred on the BBC, joking: ‘Is @GaryLineker trolling Lord Baker’s phone on @BBCNewsnight tonight?’ Earlier this month, the broadcaster was forced to issue an apology after a phone was heard making rude noises during BBC One’s live coverage of a football match between Wolves and Liverpool. The statement read: ‘We apologise to any viewers offended during the live coverage of the football this evening. We are investigating how this happened.’ Comedian and prankster Daniel Jarvis admitted being behind the stunt, with pundit Gary Lineker later stating: ‘It was quite difficult to cope with the pre-match build up and I thought maybe it had gone to one of the pundits’ phones, but then I thought no, it’s too loud. Then we obviously worked out it was a prank. ‘It was so loud I couldn’t hear anything from Danny Murphy or Paul Ince, or even when I spoke to Alan Shearer. We had like five minutes more to go, is it going to stop? Every time we went to a VT it stopped, so then I thought it was being done by somebody watching the TV and waiting until we come on.’ Newsnight returns tonight at 10.30pm on BBC Two and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Zoe Ball replaced last minute by Vernon Kay on BBC Radio 2 Breakfast Show due to illness MORE : Paul Mescal receives apology from BBC after broadcaster makes rather awkward blunder 