A soft drink fanatic is flogging a small bottle of Lilt for £100 after Coca-Cola announced it was pulling the brand from UK shelves. The pineapple and grapefruit fizzy drink has been re-branded as a new Fanta flavour. Lilt has been sold under the advertising slogan ‘the totally tropical taste’ since the 1970s. Coca-Cola vow the new Fanta flavour will have ‘the same totally tropical taste’ as Lilt. But since the announcement on Tuesday, devastated fans have made plans to collect as many original cans and bottles as possible. One soda super-fan has taken the opportunity to cash in on the situation and has listed a 500ml bottle on eBay for an eye-watering £100. The bottle, which appears unopened, dons the summer-time favourite drink’s iconic font and logo. The passionate seller claims what they are offering is very rare and wants the new owner to enjoy the fruity taste for one last time. They even dubbed the transfer of the products to Fanta, a ‘travesty.’ The listing reads: ‘Lilt grapefruit and pineapple drink. Totally tropical taste. The legendary drink has stopped production. ‘The last bottles before it disappears forever get your last taste of that lovely Lilt before it becomes a distant memory of the past. ‘A delightful and refreshing taste brought to you by the Lilt man for over 50 years, the pineapple and grapefruit combination gives you that vibrancy and hint of Caribbean flavours. ‘Absolute travesty this will be a Fanta line now, never forget Lilt and enjoy it one last time before it becomes history. ‘Just like opal fruits and marathon bars, they change these iconic items. ‘You will receive 1 x 500ml of Lilt as seen.’ Meanwhile, one superfan’s son is offering £100 cash in a bid to collect 20 cans of ‘original’ Lilt before it is discontinued, MyLondon reports. Tom, who is based in Charing Cross wrote online: ‘Urgent task! I am looking for someone to source 20 cans of original Lilt as quickly as possible and deliver them to me before the Fanta rebrand takes over. ‘My dad was a massive fan of Lilt as a kid and wants to stock up before they’re all gone!’ Former Love Island contestant, Georgia Townend, was one of those Lilt fans left reeling following the news earlier this week. ‘Our rational minds told us this day may come, but our hearts always held onto hope,’ she tweeted. ‘Our beloved Lilt has succumbed to gentrification of the worst kind.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.