Rihanna has proved once again that she doesn’t do things by halves, blessing fans with a family portrait with boyfriend A$AP Rocky and their baby boy, on the front cover of British Vogue. Just days after confirming her pregnancy during her jaw-dropping Super Bowl Halftime show performance, she has given another glimpse of their adorable son. As you do. In a very candid chat, the 34-year-old opened up about giving birth for the first time, and expanding her family with the rapper. Although she stopped short of sharing their little one’s name, simply calling him Baby, she said of the first ‘legendary’ months of motherhood: ‘It’s everything. You really don’t remember life before, that’s the craziest thing ever. You literally try to remember it – and there are photos of my life before – but the feeling, the desires, the things that you enjoy, everything, you just don’t identify with it because you don’t even allow yourself mentally to get that far.’ RiRi sent fans into total meltdown when she announced her baby news last January, with a photoshoot taken on a low-key walk around the streets on New York. Her bump was expertly dressed through many launch parties, red carpets and fashion shows before she gave birth to her first child in May. She explained that she had a ‘beautiful’ birth, which she feels ‘blessed’ for, but confessed that it was a total ‘head-f**k’ of a time when they became a family of three. ‘Essentially, from one person I became two. You walk into the hospital as a couple and leave as a family of three. It’s nuts. And oh, my gosh, those first days are insane. You don’t sleep. At all. Not even if you wanted to. We came home, cold turkey, had no one. It was just us as parents and our baby. Man, you’re a zombie for the most part,’ she continued. ‘You’re just going through the motions. And even then you’re so paranoid. Because you’re like: they trusted us to come home with this baby? This new life? With us?’ Since then, the couple have been wildly protective over their son, and have only posted one TikTok showing his face so far, with no other details about his arrival or his name. Alongside the instantly epic new photoshoot, that is. ‘We get to decide as parents when and how we do that. End of story,’ she added of the attention and desire for information. ‘Throw me to the wolves. Do what you want with me. But he doesn’t have a say in any of this. We’ve been protecting him thus far and you don’t have any consent to be posting photos or selling photos of my child, a minor. Get the hell out of here with that.’ Discussing the possibility of adding to their family once more, she added: ‘Listen, I’m down for whatever. My wish would be I would like to have more kids but whatever God wants for me, I’m here. ‘Girl, boy. Whatever.’ Full feature in March issue of British Vogue, available via digital download and on newsstands from February 21. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Regé-Jean Page gives update on James Bond rumours and it’s pretty blunt: ‘I’ve got enough on my plate’ MORE : Jodie Foster heads to the Arctic in first look at HBO’s True Detective season 4  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 