Junior doctors in England have voted overwhelmingly to strike for three full days next month – with no emergency care being provided by them in that time. The British Medical Association confirmed the industrial action following a vote of its members. It is only the second time such action has been taken since the NHS was founded in 1948. Around 45,000 junior doctors in England are believed to have been balloted by the BMA. The union’s junior doctors committee co-chairs Vivek Trivedi and Robert Laurenson thanked those who voted on the ballot in a video message to members. Dr Trivedi said: ‘Within the next few days, we will be confirming the dates of a 72-hour full walkout of junior doctors in all services. ‘It is critical that we all participate together, as a union, bound together in defence of our profession. ‘Strike action is an investment in our future, our careers, our profession, and our union.’ Nurses are also due to strike at the beginning of the month, as tensions between health unions and the government continue to grow. Health Secretary Steve Barclay said the news of the latest strike was ‘deeply disappointing’. Junior doctors last voted to walk out in January 2016, but the strike was cancelled the day before it was due to take place after last-minute discussions with ministers. Those working with the Hospital Consultants and Specialists Association (HCSA) union had already announced plans for industrial action. HCSA president Dr Naru Narayanan said in a statement: ‘Junior doctors have held together patient care amid a spiralling staffing crisis. ‘In return for this huge emotional, mental and physical toll they’ve been subjected to a decade of real-terms pay cuts totalling over 26%. Enough is enough. ‘Our NHS is in an intolerable situation and junior doctors will not be taken for granted anymore. They are taking decisive action for their patients and for their own wellbeing.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.