Ray Liotta will be honored with a posthumous star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame next week, almost nine months after his death at 67. The actor, who appeared in Goodfellas, Something Wild and Hannibal among many other films, died in his sleep on May 26. It has now been confirmed that the late film icon will be remembered with a star in Hollywood, with a ceremony taking place on February 24 – the same day that Cocaine Bear, one of his final projects, is released in cinemas. Ana Martinez, producer of the Hollywood Walk of Fame, confirmed in a statement: ‘Ray Liotta’s all-around career made him a triple threat and sadly his passing was devastating to the entertainment world ‘The characters he portrayed will always be etched in Hollywood’s film history,” added Martinez.’ Liotta’s daughter, Karsen, will be accepting the star on his behalf, while Taron Egerton and Cocaine Bear director Elizabeth Banks will be joining the unveiling. The filmmaker recently opened up about working with the actor on the gory comedy thriller – in which he enjoyed a scene-stealing role as a drug kingpin. The flick was inspired by a true story of a drug runner from Colombia, who dumped more than 70lbs of cocaine in the Chattahoochee National Forest in 1985. A bear came across the haul and devoured the drugs, before sadly dying of an apparent overdose. Much of the movie stems from fiction, with the on-screen animal embarking on a blood-thirsty massacre for more cocaine. Although the plot and the trailer raised eyebrows at first, Banks revealed that Liotta arrived on set with the ‘best attitude’. ‘He came to Ireland with the best attitude. He had a great time,’ she told Variety. ‘He came for ADR and saw the film, and was like, “Oh, my God, the bear looks so good!’” Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Creed III star Tessa Thompson reveals cast learnt sign language for deaf actress Mila Davis-Kent MORE : The Poseidon Adventure and Nutty Professor star Stella Stevens dies aged 84  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 