Ed Sheeran has proved he is simply the best as he spent his day off surprising three schools in Auckland – and the kids went berserk. The 31-year-old megastar enjoyed ‘one of [his] favourite days on tour’ as he hopped from school to school to perform his greatest hits for a gang of very surprised – and then very excited – school children. The star posted a video of his adventure, which showed snippets of his performance in each school. In one, he is seen performing with a teacher, and in another a school kid thanks Ed for turning up to spoil them and sweetly confessed he could ‘listen to [him] all day’. Of course, the A Team hitmaker thought that deserved a hug, much to the delight of the boy’s whooping schoolmates. We challenge you not to grin at the footage from the day, which, quite frankly, as he smiled from ear to ear, the acoustic world star seemed to enjoy just as much as his enthusiastic audience. He captioned the montage with: ‘Spent a day surprising school kids in 3 different schools in Auckland. I had so much fun, couldn’t stop smiling all day thank you for having me ! And for the wonderful Pounamu, it was an honour.’ This comes in the middle of the Shape Of You singer’s tour of New Zealand, Australia, Canada and the USA, in which he has a pretty cram-packed schedule. Ed is in Auckland to perform for two nights on February 10 and 11. The star will then hop over to Australia and delight crowds in Brisbane, Sydney, Richmond, Adelaide and Burswood, before heading over to Texas to kick off the US leg of his tour, which will take him all over until September 2023. Ed seems to be having the time of his life, as he also snuck in a trip to Hobbiton, the set of fictional Lord of the Rings village The Shire, as we saw in another very entertaining video. But the Thinking Out Loud singer couldn’t seem to put his guitar down there either, as on finding out famous local pub The Green Dragon was fully booked, he decided to surprise punters with a performance of I See Fire, which he fittingly wrote for the soundtrack of The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug. We’re so excited to see what happens next on Ed’s extravaganza of a tour – kids of Australia, it’s time to get crossing those fingers and toes. This comes after the star apologised for being absent on social media due to a ‘turbulent’ time in his personal life, but he said ‘things are looking up’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : I Say a Little Prayer composer Burt Bacharach dies aged 94 MORE : Emeli Sande ‘proud’ to headline Burberry British Diversity Awards with Stormzy, Alan Carr and Alison Hammond nominated 