Katie Taylor’s rematch with Amanda Serrano has been confirmed for 20 May with UFC star Conor McGregor offering to help foot the bill to ensure it takes place at Croke Park. After their enthralling battle at Madison Square Garden last year which the Bray fighter won via a split decision, Taylor will once again put her lightweight titles on the line as she fights for the first time as a professional on Irish soil. It had been hoped that Dublin’s Croke Park, which has a capacity of 82,000, would host the fight but talks with the Gaelic Athletic Association fell through. The GAA has claimed Matchroom Boxing’s refusal to pay security costs proved a major stumbling block. While the fight is currently scheduled to take place at the 3Arena in the Irish capital, fellow fighter McGregor has now offered to step in and ‘sponsor’ the event to help bring it to Croke Park. ‘The extra security bill is 500k to have Katie Taylor fight at Croke Park? I will sponsor the event to see this happen,’ said McGregor on Twitter. In response, Matchroom chief Eddie Hearn said: ‘Let’s talk.’ Speaking to IFL TV: Hearn added: ‘He was asking questions about how much more is it, how does it work. ‘I told him we are likely to go with the 3Arena then maybe Croke Park in September and he got that, he liked it. He once to see what he can do. He’s going to get Audie Attar [McGregor’s manager] to reach out and see if there is a sponsorship deal he can do through one of his many brands. ‘In an ideal world everyone would like to do that event at Croke Park. We understand the reasons why and this hasn’t been about complaining that the government aren’t helping out but at the end of the day, the running costs were three times the running costs of Wembley.’ Taylor vs Serrano II was confirmed moments after the latter’s unanimous decision win over Erika Cruz on Saturday that saw her crowned undisputed featherweight champion. Taylor said: ‘This is more than a dream come true – my debut in Ireland against Amanda Serrano. ‘This is incredible. The last fight was epic and I expect nothing less for the next one.’ MORE : Eddie Hearn reveals talks with former UFC champion Francis Ngannou and insists he should fight Anthony Joshua next MORE : Roy Jones Jr supports theory Chris Eubank Jr got knocked out by Liam Smith elbow and takes swipe at Eddie Hearn For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 