They may be Royals, but Kate Middleton and Prince William can still be cheeky. The Prince and Princess of Wales returned to the Baftas tonight for the first time in three years. Prince William, who has been the president of Bafta since 2010, followed stars such as Colin Farrell and Cate Blanchett on the red carpet at London’s Royal Festival Hall, for the glitzy bash hosted by Richard E Grant. Prior to taking their seats, however, the famous couple shared a sweet moment on the carpet. In a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it moment, Kate showed her affection for William by giving him a pat on the bum. Captured on video by Vogue, the Royal pair giggled and engaged in conversation as they made their way into the venue, before Kate lovingly tapped her other half’s derriere in front of cameras. The Princess of Wales showed her commitment to environmentally friendly fashion by rewearing a dress on tonight’s carpet. Kate donned a Grecian-style gown by Alexander McQueen, which she first wore to the Baftas in 2019. The white one-shouldered gown had undergone some minor alterations, with the floral detailing on the shoulder swapped for a sweeping train of material. She also looked to one of her favourite high street stores, Zara, for her accessories – wearing statement metal earrings, made up of three flowers bunched together with rhinestone appliques and petals dangling down. For his outfit, William kept things classic and simple in a double-breasted black velvet tuxedo jacket. Kate first attended the event with her husband in 2017. She started a tradition for wearing British designers on the Bafta red carpet, choosing a black Alexander McQueen gown. Kate was then pregnant with Prince Louis during the 2018 Baftas, and was radiant on the red carpet in a forest green Jenny Packham gown, paired with sparkling emerald jewellery. The theme of the 2020 Bafta red carpet – the last event the couple attended – was ‘recycle, sustainable or vintage’, and Kate wore an old favourite white and gold McQueen gown for the occasion. MORE : Aimee Lou Wood has cutest reaction as Sex Education star Emma Mackey wins Bafta rising star award MORE : Bafta viewers brand Austin Butler’s best actor win ‘a punch in the gut’ as Colin Farrell loses out after 25-year career 