Terrifying footage has shown the moment a police car was rammed off a motorway during a dramatic high speed chase. Robert Wingate, 24, and Deimantas Palaima, 19, caused more than £100,000 of damage to four police vehicles during the dangerous pursuit along the M1. Officers chased after their van onto the motorway, in Nottinghamshire, after being alerted to the theft of a Mercedes Sprinter from an address in Sheffield. Police attempted to stop the the van in the early hours of December 2, 2021 – but it accelerated away at speed. Shocking dash-cam video captured the moment one police car was then deliberately rammed, causing it to spin and hit a barrier at over 70mph. Luckily, the two officers in the BMW car were not seriously injured – but their vehicle was left damaged beyond repair. Further mobile phone footage recorded by Palaima shows how he egged on driver Wingate as he brazenly filmed the chase. A court heard the van continued to weave across the road at over 70mph and made contact with multiple police vehicles. Wingate rammed a number of police cars out of the way as cops attempted to box in the van as the chase continued north. Another police car was damaged after a wheel came off one of the rammed vehicles in front and smashed into it. As the van approached junction 37, just outside Barnsley, South Yorks, it hit a stinger device and was finally brought to a stop on the hard shoulder. The pair were arrested and numerous items of stolen kitchen equipment were found in the back of the van. Detective Sergeant Matt Dumbrell, from Nottinghamshire Police, said: ‘It’s a miracle our two officers who were rammed off the road were not seriously injured. ‘This dangerous driving showed total disregard for the safety of others using the road and put the lives of others at serious risk.’ Wingate pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods, aggravated vehicle taking, two charges of assault causing actual bodily harm and four of criminal damage. Wingate, of HMP Hull, was jailed for three years and nine months and banned from driving for three years and three months. His sentence will start at the conclusion of the current sentence he is serving. The court heard Palaima had ‘encouraged Wingate to drive as he did’, with both men described as ‘posing an enormous risk to the general public.’ Palaima filmed the pursuit on his phone and gesticulated to officers as the van rammed into police vehicles. He pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods, aggravated vehicle taking, two charges of assault causing actual bodily harm and one count of criminal damage. Palaima, of Middleton, Leeds, was locked up for a total of 25 months and banned from driving for 25 months. Wingate and Palaima were both sentenced at Nottingham Crown Court on Monday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.