Glastonbury has launched a VIP ticket draw in support of those affected by the Turkey-Syria earthquake, already raising hundreds of thousands of pounds. A prize draw allowing music fans to win exclusive stage-side tickets at this summer’s festival is in support of the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) Turkey-Syria Earthquake Appeal, and has so far raised over £200,000, just hours after launching. The Glastonbury festival has donated 10 pairs of tickets to Oxfam to raise funds to support those hit by the devastating earthquake, which is now known to have killed more than 41,000 people and left millions more in need of support. After opening on Crowdfunder at 9am this morning, tickets for the Glastonbury draw were priced at £10. Tickets come with variety of experiences, including a once-in-a-lifetime chance to watch a band from the side of the legendary Pyramid stage on the viewing platform. There’s also chance to watch a set from the Other Stage viewing platform, and opportunity for a backstage tour of West Holts, as well as watching an act from the stage pit. The DEC Turkey-Syria Earthquake Appeal has so far raised over £74million to support people who survived the devastating earthquake on February 6. Proceeds from the prize draw will go directly to Oxfam and will be included in the total for the DEC’s joint appeal. Oxfam, together with other members of the DEC and local partner organisations, is delivering aid to people affected by the earthquakes in Turkey and Syria. As part of a coordinated effort, Oxfam is supporting survivors with supplies of food, clean water, and shelter. Danny Sriskandarajah, chief executive officer at Oxfam GB, said: ‘I would like to express our appreciation for Glastonbury’s kind gesture. ‘This will help us to give festival fans a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity while making a real difference to people hit hard in the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.’ Sriskandarajah added: ‘People who have lost everything urgently need vital aid to meet their basic needs while surviving through their grief. The money raised from the raffle of the Glastonbury tickets will provide more families and individuals with emergency shelter, winter kits, water and food.’ The prize draw closes on March 8 at 5pm. By entering the prize draw, festival fans can win a pair of tickets for general admission weekend tickets. Entrants of the raffle must be 18 years of age and multiple entries are permitted, but only one prize per entrant will be given. As for who can be expected on the stage at Glastonbury this year, Sir Elton John was the first name confirmed. The annual festival will return to Worthy Farm in Somerset from June 21 to 25 2023. Sir Elton will headline the Pyramid Stage on the Sunday night, which means he’ll be bringing both the festival and the UK stint of his final tour to a close with one epic show. Other headliners are yet to be confirmed, but there are plenty of rumours, with names such as Taylor Swift, Harry Styles and even Spice Girls in the mix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The 1975’s Matty Healy urges Oasis to ‘stop messing around’  and stop fighting: ‘Grow up, headline Glastonbury!’ MORE : Kate Hudson recalls ‘weird’, ’emotional’ moment watching Sir Paul McCartney at Glastonbury that inspired her music career 