The Pope and the Archbishop of Canterbury have denounced anti-gay laws in a press conference on board the papal plane. Pope Francis described the criminalisation of homosexuality as an ‘injustice’ while travelling back to Rome from South Sudan capital, Juba, on Sunday. People with ‘homosexual tendencies’ are children of God and should be welcomed by the church, the Catholic leader said. The Pope’s comments were echoed by the Archbishop, Justin Welby, and the Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, Reverend Dr Iain Greenshields, who both joined him on the trip to the war-torn country. It is said to be the first time in 500 years the leaders of the three denominations have come together for a pilgrimage to jointly call for peace. South Sudan, which became an independent republic in 2011, is one of 67 countries that criminalises homosexuality, with 11 imposing the death penalty. Referring to the Bible, Dr Greenshields said: ‘There is nowhere in the four Gospels that I see anything other than Jesus expressing love to whoever he meets, and as Christians that is the only expression that we can give to any human being in any circumstance.’ Welby told reporters: ‘I entirely agree with every word he (the Pope) said’. But the Archbishop’s remarks follow accusations he failed to show leadership in ending discrimination against LGBT people. Veteran campaigner Peter Tatchell slammed Mr Welby for ‘sitting on the fence’ about gay marriage. The Archbishop said in January this year he could understand why it was painful for LGBT people to be denied the same marriage rights but said church institutions globally are ‘deeply divided’. Mr Welby also came under fire last August after it was suggested he ‘affirmed the validity’ of a 1998 declaration that gay sex is a sin. He told more than 650 bishops that the declaration – which states ‘homosexual practice is incompatible with scripture’ and that same-sex unions should not be legitimised or blessed – was ‘not in doubt’. But he indicated that he would not seek to discipline or exclude churches which do conduct or bless same-sex marriages. For a ‘a large majority’ of conservative Anglicans, questioning biblical teaching was ‘unthinkable’, the Archbishop said. Changing tradition could, in some countries, challenge ‘the very existence’ of the church, he said. His comments prompted Sandi Toksvig, who has been married to her wife for more than 16 years, to write an open letter to the Archbishop to persuade him he had ‘made a horrible mistake’. The broadcaster later revealed Mr Welby said progress on same-sex marriage would be ‘glacial’. During the news conference on the papal plane, Pope Francis also reiterated that the Catholic Church could not allow sacramental same-sex marriages. But he said laws banning homosexuality were a ‘problem that cannot be ignored’. The Pope earlier said in January that ‘being homosexual is not a crime’ and laws that criminalise homosexuality are ‘unjust’. He said gay sex was a sin – but not a crime – and that gay people must be treated with dignity and respect. He also reminded people who believe diverse sexual orientations are a sin: ‘It is also a sin to lack charity with one another.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.