Caroline Dubois is part of a new generation of female boxers who will not have to wait around for their chance to roll the dice at the top of the sport. The 22-year-old Londoner made the perfect start to her professional career in 2022, winning her first five fights at a relative canter. Disappointment at the 2021 Olympics in Tokyo feels like a distant memory, with the decorated amateur now blasting her way through her early tests in the lightweight division with added aggression and power, honed by countless hours in the gym with trainer Shane McGuigan who has described her as the ‘best female boxer I have ever seen’. Dubois’ arrival in the professional game was perfectly timed, with women’s boxing enjoying a phenomenal 2022. Katie Taylor and Amanda Serrano made history in Madison Square Garden in May before Claressa Shields and Savannah Marshall did likewise in London on seminal nights for boxing. Littered in between were success stories and unforgettable fights with female fighters now holding their own in boxing’s mainstream appeal. Dubois has been dreaming of mixing it with the women she once idolised as a youngster, living by the old quote: ‘Work so hard that your idols become your rivals.’ One of those was former unified super-featherweight champion Mikaela Mayer, who advised the Olympian at the start of the year: ‘Call me in five years.’ But with the sport thriving, Dubois and others are set to reap the benefits sparked by those who fought before her. ‘It is definitely not going to take me five years to get where I want to be,’ Dubois told Metro.co.uk. ‘I think those people are looking at their own career and when they started out. ‘Even just five or six years ago, there were no women headlining shows, there was no women co-headlining shows. They were all on small shows, small cards. Mikaela linked up with Bob [Arum, head of Top Rank] and she was a star in the making and he was working her to be that star but it was quiet for her. ‘Back then, it would have taken five years to get to where she is now, to be almost undisputed, selling out arenas. Maybe she is comparing it to what she did and went through. ‘But we are the young guns coming through and our careers will be a lot different. So for any of the fighters at the top who are thinking it is going to take five years or a similar amount of time it took them to reach the top, it ain’t gonna happen.’ Dubois returns to the ring this weekend in London to take on Feriche Mashaury, with the Tanzanian fighter a former opponent of current champions Terri Harper, Natasha Jonas and Chantelle Cameron. While she is careful of running before she can walk, Dubois has no doubts that her technical levels in the ring have her at the level of those at the top of the division, including lightweight queen Taylor who will put her four world titles on the line against Serrano once again in May. Before then, she is eager to feel and embrace the fear she feels she has so far missed out on. ‘One day I will be in the ring with Mikaela Mayer, with Katie Taylor, with the big names of this boxing world. And when I’m there, the pressure is going to be mad. It is not the case like it is now, where if I am only at 60 per cent I will be able to do enough to win. It is going to be the case where if I don’t turn up at 100 per cent I am going to lose this fight. I have to start dealing with that pressure now, I have to start now. This is the level I want to be on. ‘The last year, it also made me realise where I want to go and I what I want to  be. I want to be involved with fights that frighten me a little bit, where I need be to really bite down.’ Dubois acknowledges that while she has grand plans, there is a long queue of fighters ahead of her waiting for a shot at lightweight gold, currently tied up between Taylor and Serrano. And while her path to the top may be a quicker one, it will require the same patience and graft. ‘Technically speaking, I know I am at that world level, to be right among them and beating them. It is just a matter of time and manoeuvring. I haven’t got anything on the line so why would these girls fight me at the moment? I have to earn that like they did. ‘They turned pro when female boxing was still at the start of the undercard. They earned their stripes, worked and hustled to get where they are and I need to do the same. But I will be doing things a lot faster ‘For now, it is all about me climbing the rungs. Someone like Taylor has worked her arse off to get to where she is, she has got all the belts and she is amazing. If the belts stay with her, if Serrano takes them or they become vacant, I will be joining that queue.’ MORE : Oleksandr Usyk tells IOC not to let Russia compete at Paris Olympics MORE : Anthony Joshua confirms Jermaine Franklin fight with former champion to return to the ring on 1 April For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 