Zendaya rocked up to the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday wearing a striking, rose-adorned pink gown. The Euphoria star, 26, joined the likes of Andrew Garfield, Eddie Redmayne, Jenna Ortega, Viola Davis and Brendan Fraser at the star-studded bash, where she was nominated for the female actor in a drama series gong. Zendaya later swapped her pale pink Valentino dress for a silk Armani number that featured chic cut-out detailing. Oh là là. The Sag Awards celebrates the best performances in television and film and the ceremony proved to be history-making thanks to Michelle Yeoh and Ke Huy Quan, who became the first Asian actors to win top film trophies at the awards show. Yeoh took home the gong for best performance by a female actor for her role in Everything Everywhere All At Once while Quan won the best supporting actor award for the same film. It comes after the former Disney star issued an apology for being absent from this year’s Golden Globes, expressing how thankful she is to everyone who has let her Euphoria character Rue ‘into their heart’. Zendaya scooped up the prize for best performance by an actress in a drama television series for her performance in the teen drama, beating fellow nominees including House of the Dragon’s Emma D’Arcy and The Crown’s Imelda Stuanton. In a post shared on Instagram after her victory, the first time she has ever been nominated or won a Golden Globe, she expressed how grateful she was for the recognition. Sharing a black-and-white photo of herself in character as Rue, she wrote in the caption: ‘I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to be there tonight, but I just wanted to say thank you to @goldenglobes for this incredible honor. ‘To my fellow nominees, it is a privilege to be named beside you, I admire you all deeply. Thank you to my Euphoria family, without you, none of this is possible.’ ‘Lastly, thank you from the bottom of my heart to everyone who has allowed Rue into theirs. I think everyone knows how much she means to me, but the fact that she can mean something to someone else is a gift,’ she said. ‘I’m honestly at a loss for words as I type this, all I can say is thank you thank you thank you. Goodnight♥️.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague speaks out after boyfriend Tommy Fury’s win over Jake Paul: ‘Never a doubt in my mind’ MORE : The Last of Us episode 7 recap: Who is Riley? Ellie’s past is revealed as question of Joel’s fate in present day lingers 