An actor who appeared in Kevin Costner’s Dancing with Wolves has been arrested in a sex abuse case, amid allegations that he’s the leader of a cult. Nathan Lee Chasing His Horse, a Native American actor known as Nathan Chasing Horse formerly from the Rosebud Lakota Sioux Nation, played the character of young Sioux tribe member Smiles a Lot in the 1990 western film. According to a report by The Associated Press, the 46-year-old was arrested on Tuesday by police in Las Vegas, with his home raided. The publication obtained police records, which reportedly detailed how the actor, the alleged leader of a cult, had been accused of sexually abusing young Indigenous girls over the course of around 20 years. It’s been said that his arrest came months after the start of an investigation, with police having received a tip in October last year. Chasing Horse is claimed to be the leader of a cult called The Circle, said the search warrant obtained by AP. The 50-page search warrant reportedly states that the police force in Las Vegas have found sexual abuse accusations made against the actor which go back to the early 2000s, with at least six alleged victims having been identified, including some as young as 13. AP said: ‘There was no lawyer listed in court records for Chasing Horse who could comment on his behalf as of Tuesday evening.’ It was claimed that eight years ago, he was banished from the Fort Peck Reservation in Poplar, Montana, at which time he was accused of human trafficking. Chasing Horse was reportedly known as ‘Medicine Man’, performing healing ceremonies and taking advantage of his position to allegedly abuse young girls. The warrant is said to highlight alleged crimes including child abuse, sexual assault of a child younger than 16 and sex trafficking, while he is also accused of recording sexual assaults as well as organising for other men, who paid him, to have sex with victims. Metro.co.uk has contacted the Las Vegas police for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alec Baldwin formally charged with involuntary manslaughter after fatal Rust shooting of Halyna Hutchins while accused of ‘reckless behaviour’ MORE : Lisa Marie Presley’s close friends slam Priscilla Presley for contesting will and accuse her of attempting to ‘money grab’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 