Solid communication and set plans have been scarce in the dating world for a long time now. You know what it’s like. You match on Hinge, they loosely suggest that you should meet up on Friday, but the days pass and there’s no sign of a dinner reservation. Before you know it, you’ve kept an evening free for nothing. It’s the most frustrating thing ever, but now influencer Mollie Campsie has shared her solution to making sure you never feel let down if your date fails to make actual plans. Essentially you set a fake deadline that the other person doesn’t know exists. Say your deadline is at 12pm on Friday, if they don’t come back to you with possible plans by then, the date cancelled. Anything after that deadline, it’s too little, too late. Mollie said in her TikTok: ‘I’d often get people trying to arrange dates and be like “lets maybe do something on Friday” and then you never hear. ‘So it’s Friday and you don’t know whether to get ready or what you’re doing with your night… and you hold on until the very last minute and it’s really stressful. ‘I created a fake invisible deadline that at midday if I hadn’t heard when we’re meeting and where we’re meeting, I would make my own plans and not say a word.’ Her method ensures that if they don’t text you, you have plans and aren’t relying on them to entertain you that evening. But if they do reach out last minute wanting to do something, making you feel like a last resort, then it’s a chance for you to communicate your standards. Mollie showed an example of when she used this method and it worked, almost a little too well. Her possible date messaged her last minute on a Friday night and she replied: ‘Hey, since I hadn’t heard from you by a reasonable time I assumed you had a flaky moment so I’ve made plans to cook my family dinner tonight.’ She credited this text to dating coach Matthew Hussey which calls the potential date out in a playful way, while showing what wholesome activity she was doing instead. Boy, did it work. The TikToker shared the multiple messages he sent asking for another chance. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I’m 26 and have never had a boyfriend – unrequited love is the best thing that’s happened to me MORE : What to do if you feel like you love your partner more than they love you MORE : Are you an ostrich? How to deal with rejection in the dating world