Alec Baldwin is facing another lawsuit over the Rust shooting which led to the death of Halyna Hutchins. The 30 Rock actor accidentally discharged a gun while working on the Western film in November, 2021, striking and killing cinematographer Halyna Hutchins, and injuring director Joel Souza. The 64-year-old has always maintained that he was not aware the gun had a live round – but was officially charged with involuntary manslaughter last week. Hutchins’ family are now set to file a new lawsuit against the Hollywood star, after previously settling a separate legal suit. PA reports that they are suing the Hollywood actor for alleged battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, negligence and loss of consortium – which refers to compensation for damages to relationships that are mutually dependent. Gloria Allred is representing the family and spoke out in a press conference earlier today, explaining: ‘It’s clear to us that the relationships of all of our clients have been damaged, and that they will not be able to enjoy life in the same way as they did when their precious Halyna was alive. ‘Halyna was the light in their lives. Of course, for all of our three clients, that tragic loss of their daughter and sister is heartbreaking.’ The family previously sued Baldwin for wrongful death last February after the incident, but settled this in October. Baldwin wrote on Instagram at the time: ‘We are pleased to announce today the settlement of the civil case filed on behalf of the family of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. ‘Throughout this difficult process, everyone has maintained the specific desire to do what is best for Halyna’s son. ‘We are grateful to everyone who contributed to the resolution of this tragic and painful situation.’ The reports come after Baldwin and armorer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed were both charged with two felony counts of involuntary manslaughter and involuntary manslaughter in the commission of a lawful act. They are thought to be attending an arraignment hearing later this month, which is likely to be virtual. Santa Fe District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies filed the charging documents, and said in a statement at the time: ‘Today we have taken another important step in securing justice for Halyna Hutchins. ‘In New Mexico, no-one is above the law and justice will be served.’ If convicted of the most serious charge, they could each face a mandatory five-year prison sentence. Baldwin’s lawyers have vowed to fight the charges, and reportedly filed a motion to disqualify the special prosecutor. His lawyer said in a statement: ‘This decision distorts Halyna Hutchins’ tragic death and represents a terrible miscarriage of justice. ‘Mr Baldwin had no reason to believe there was a live bullet in the gun – or anywhere on the movie set. ‘He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds. ‘We will fight these charges, and we will win.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Traitors star Maddy Smedley shares audition news – and we have our fingers crossed that she’s bagged new part MORE : Michelle Pfeiffer ‘has no idea’ what she’s doing acting in the MCU  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 