Just when you thought mums dating each other’s sons couldn’t get  more confusing – Milf Manor has reached a whole new level. The wild reality dating series follows eight ‘hot moms’, ranging from the ages of 40 to 60, in a lavish mansion in Mexico, trying to find love with younger men. But, the only catch is that they’re looking for love with each other’s sons. Which means some mums get pretty defensive when it comes to looking out for their boys. In a preview clip shared by TLC, Ryan is joined by his mum Shannan – and he doesn’t look too pleased. Shannan, 51, pulls Stefany aside and asks: ‘Don’t tell me you like hanging out with my son but you’re sleeping with somebody else.’ At the confrontation, Ryan is left shaking his head and looking pretty baffled at what’s unfolding. While Shannan looks pretty pleased with herself, Stefany struts off and is heard saying: ‘That was awkward’. Yep, it really was. The 47-year-old continues to the camera: ‘He’s talking to me with his mom!’ Meanwhile Stefany’s son Billy has been having the time of his life, until his mom made things pretty awkward. The 28-year-old had been enjoying a romantic sauna session with mum-of-six Kelle when They thought they were safe from prying eyes, having arranged their rendezvous in another contestant’s room. ‘So his mom can’t be creeping in on us,’ Kelle said in a confessional, before unashamedly telling cameras: ‘I’m really hoping I get to see if the size of his d**k is really big.’ But Stefany eventually found out what was going on, barging in on the pair and asking: ‘Really in our sauna? Don’t you have your own room?’ To make the situation even more uncomfortable and awkward – if that were possible – Billy and Kelle slept in the same bed that night… in the same room as Stefany. ‘I don’t want to be an overbearing mom,’ Stefany later told Billy. ‘But I just don’t like the fact that Kelle’s six-feet away from me in your bed.’ Milf Manor airs on TLC Discovery+ in America. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Milf Manor’s Kelle, 51, enjoys romantic sauna with Billy, 28, to see size of his penis – until his mom walks in MORE : Milf Manor branded ‘beyond disgusting’ by fans after mums feel up men’s naked chests to identify sons: ‘A dimension of hell’ 