The Prime Minister is reportedly drawing up plans to stop people who come into the UK on boats from appealing their deportation. According a report seen by The Times, the Home Office is looking at several plans that could be implemented in the near future. Migrants could be disqualified from being able to appeal against automatic expulsion from the asylum system – or may only appeal after they have been deported. Another option reportedly being considered is to stop migrants from using the Human Rights Act as their basis to stay. People previously used the Act to claim their right to family life to argue they should be allowed to stay in the UK close to relatives. The Home Office would not comment on the report, seen by the Times and Sky News, specifically. A spokesperson said: ‘The unacceptable number of people risking their lives by making these dangerous crossings is placing an unprecedented strain on our asylum system. ‘Our priority is to stop this and prevent these illegal crossings, and our new Small Boats Operational Command – bolstered by hundreds of extra staff – is working hard to disrupt the business model of people smugglers. ‘We are also going further by introducing legislation which will ensure that those people arriving in the UK illegally are detained and promptly removed either to their home country or a safe third country.’ Rishi Sunak has long held a tough stance on immigration, making the increase in migrant crossings one of his top five priorities when he came into office. Most recently, he told TalkTV’s Piers Morgan that illegal immigrants ‘will not be able to stay here’. He said: ‘So, what that new law will say is, if you come here illegally, for an illegal migrant here, then you will not be able to stay here. ‘And, in fact, we will be able to detain you and then we will hear your claim in a matter of days or weeks – not months or years – and we will have the ability (in the vast majority of cases) to send you to an alternative safe country – be that where you come from if it’s safe, like Albania, or, indeed, Rwanda.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.