Bachelor Nation star Sarah Herron has shared her heartbreak after she and her fiancé Dylan Brown suffered the loss of their newborn son Oliver. In a post shared on Instagram, the reality star revealed that on January 28, her baby was born at just 24 weeks old. Uploading a black-and-white photo of her holding Oliver, with Dylan kissing her on the head as he embraced her, she wrote: ‘He passed away in his dad’s arms shortly after. ‘There are no words for the magnitude of loss and pain we’re experiencing. It’s beautiful and simultaneously tragic. He had my nose and his dad’s mouth and long fingers.’ Sarah, who appeared on the 17th season of The Bachelor before starring on two seasons of Bachelor in Paradise, wrote that Oliver ‘defied so many odds and fought through so many hard milestones to be here’, as their ‘IVF miracle’. ‘But the higher powers still had other plans for the three of us,’ she added. The entrepreneur said that while their ‘time together was short’, she and Dylan feel ‘grateful for the days we had with Oliver in my belly’. ‘He has taught us so much about the integrity of life, love and death. Oliver filled our home and hearts with so much love and most importantly, optimism,’ she said. ‘The stars aligned to create Baby Oliver with a deep, meaningful purpose bigger than we’ll ever understand. His body was small, but his legacy will always be larger than life to us.’ Recalling the experiences she had when she was pregnant with her son, Sarah said that he ‘swam with sea turtles’ and ‘kept me company while I recovered from a broken knee’, as well as loving ‘his dad’s cooking’. Referring to her dog Rio, she added: ‘Oliver loved his morning routine of laying heart to heart with his brother, Rio, on my lap.’ She continued: ‘While our hearts are shattered beyond comprehension, we are comforted knowing that our son’s soul only ever knew love and will not suffer in a body that wasn’t built for this life. ‘We’ll never understand the cruelty of it all, but through the darkness, Oliver remains so so bright. We love you so much, baby boy. You will never be replaced. You are so perfect and awesome. Love, Mommy and Daddy Sarah and Dylan received numerous messages of support over their devastating baby loss, with The Bachelor star Catherine Lowe commenting on Instagram: ‘Oh Sarah, I am so very sorry. I wish I could hug you right now ❤️ what a heartbreaking experience for you, precious mama. Sending you so much love and praying for you both right now.’ ‘Oh mama. I really will be praying and thinking of you. ♥️ I am so sorry you’re suffering this pain,’ said The Bachelor’s Behah Martinez, while TV personality Katie Thurston said: ‘Sending your family all the love and support. So sorry for your loss.’ The couple announced that Sarah was expecting a baby in September last year, revealing that their embryo transfer had been successful through IVF.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.