There is a Moon and Uranus face-off today which could dramatically impact your star sign. For Aries, you have a naturally impatient streak anyway, but today’s Moon/Uranus face-off, could find you eager to make a running jump when a steady approach would be better. With the Moon opposing rebellious Uranus in your sector goals, you may be more than ready for a break, and it could come at a time when you seem to have more responsibilities than ever, Leo. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 12, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 You may want things to happen faster than is possible, Aries. You have a naturally impatient streak anyway, but today’s Moon/Uranus face-off, could find you eager to make a running jump when a steady approach would be better. This can also apply to spending money on a whim, when you might not even use what you’ve bought. Slow down, and you’ll make better choices. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 As Mercury moves further away from Pluto, you’ll be less inclined to obsess over someone or something, and more likely to go with the flow. This relaxed approach means answers, or the thing itself, will show up faster. The more you crave it, the more you stop it from reaching you. Be open and calm and it will come to you, rather than you having to chase after it, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You could find it easier to support others with their ideas than it is to work towards your own. As sweet Venus moves closer to compassionate Neptune, you might even be willing to make a sacrifice if someone would benefit. And yet this is a good time for dreaming your own dreams, and getting clear on what you want to accomplish. Be kind, but don’t dismiss your own goals. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With Pluto in the last degree of your sector of relating, the coming weeks could see you letting go of an aspect of the past to embrace a better future. This might mean rewriting the script concerning a key relationship, enabling it to strengthen. Plus, there’s potential for a decision that can see you forging ahead with a bold and innovative idea, and finally finding your feet, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 With the Moon opposing rebellious Uranus in your sector goals, you may be more than ready for a break, and it could come at a time when you seem to have more responsibilities than ever. Too much work is not sustainable Leo, and this temporary aspect reminds you that life is a balance. Planning your getaway now, with or without company, could be just the tonic you need. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 If you’re offered a new opportunity, be sure it’s the right one for you. No matter how busy your schedule, making time to sit quietly and see the bigger picture, can be helpful. Due to unsettled energies, you may feel you have to do something now, right away. Yet a few minutes to indulge a creative hobby or to go for a walk might be therapeutic, and help you find greater clarity, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If a family matter recently came to a head, then you may seek solace from friends, rather than those in your clan. If you need a break to think things through, then a coffee and a heart-to-heart could help you get your bearings. When you feel ready, you can return to the domestic scene with fresh suggestions. You’ll know what to do, and why it’s likely to succeed, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The coming weeks can see you taking stock of what you own, and making some big decisions. This may not be easy, especially if you feel an attachment to certain things, even those you have hardly used or worn. And yet the current line-up could see you being more ruthless. If you can sell a lot of it for a good price and recoup the cash, there’s so much you could use if for, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 With Mercury strolling through your communication sector, you may be ready to set your world to rights. This influence encourages you to think out of the box, and to embrace edgier ideas and solutions. Plus, a Moon/Uranus link, suggests you may feel it’s your duty to follow a trusted method. But what if a new formula or plan worked even better? It’s worth having a go, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Want something exciting to happen? Go exploring, and try out experiences that will give you a boost. And if it involves a small risk, so much the better. Diving into the unknown will infuse you with the feeling of being more alive. The secret is to do this regularly and new doors will open, Capricorn. You’ll get to love that feeling when you’ve no idea what will happen next. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Energy and enthusiasm may produce positive results, when it comes to your social life and the chance to make an impact. If you’ve been meaning to host an event, whether a small get-together or something bigger, it could go down well. The Sun and Mercury in your sign, may bring out your best qualities, so you’ll have the attractor factor. Expect something exciting to happen! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Your heart may melt at someone’s predicament Pisces, which could mean that you agree to do something for them that isn’t of any benefit to you. Still, today’s Moon/Uranus opposition could be the push you need to disentangle yourself. Think about using your precious time for ideas and goals that are important to you. It’s time to look after yourself as well as others. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 5 to February 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Venus in Pisces urges you to be wise in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope