These globe-trotting adventure dogs may have skied down more mountainsides than you. Jeanette Sandbæk Håland refuses to go anywhere without her beloved pooches. Border Collie Jess, German spitz Tequila, and Papillon and Pomeranian mix Max join Jeanette as she hikes, paddleboards and bikes around the world. 35-year-old Jeanette, from Norway, said her pets’ history as agility dogs means they are always up for a challenge. ‘I do everything with my dogs, all year round,’ Jeanette said. ‘I bring them hiking, paddleboarding, running, biking and riding – they are always there.’ She’s inspired by how dogs are experts at living in the moment.  She said: ‘They are not worried about the future or the past and inspire me to try to do the same. ‘I forget the world when I share these moments with them, and the world can be pretty harsh sometimes.’ Early morning ski trips are all part and parcel of Jeanette’s life in Sjusjøen, Norway, and her Collie Jess loves racing ahead of her. The group have travelled to some of the world’s most beautiful places across Germany, Italy, Spain, Austria and Denmark. Jeanette used to compete in cross-country skiing, so when she got dogs, it was natural to bring them along. ‘Skiing was an important part of the strength and conditioning program of my agility dogs,’ Jeanette explains. ‘The risk for injuries decreases, and they also got faster and fitter.’ Even 17-year-old senior dog Max still shows his face on regular adventures. He’ll come along for a hike, and be scooped into Jeanette’s backpack when he needs to rest his legs. Jeanette said: ‘I believe one of the reasons Max is happy and fit still is because of having an active life. ‘He can’t do as much as before obviously, but I let him do what he is capable of, and he really enjoys sitting in the backpack to enjoy the view when he needs to. ‘Some days, I also just take Jess skiing, and bring the small oldies on a separate shorter trip.’ Whatever they get up to, being with her pooches remains Jeanette’s favourite pastime. ‘Being out in nature with my dogs is what I love the most,’ she said. ‘I love the colours of both sunrise and sunset, and chase them whenever I can. ‘Seeing my happy dog running in front of me and racing her, which she really loves, really brightens up my day.’ A recent clip of them all skiing together has bought in over 10 million views on an Instagram page (@jeanette.s.haland) filled with wholesome clips of the adventuring team. Commenters were stunned, with one writing: ‘Is this heaven?’ Another wrote: ‘I could watch this forever.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Thirty dogs join border collie for her last walk before she’s put down MORE : Couple charter a £80,000 private jet to fly their three dogs across the world MORE : Lost toy monkey reunited with owner after his ‘adventures’ go viral