Chiron, symbolising the wounded healer, has switched its alignment from the Moon to the Sun and the change will beam ease onto many signs. Taurus may be able to connect the dots to make sense of a situation, while Gemini can improve a friendship by putting themselves in the other person’s shoes. A missing puzzle piece clicking into place could help Cancer in their life’s purpose, and Aquarius’s mindset could shift and propel them forward. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 1, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Does one issue or difficulty dominate everything else? The Sun’s link with healer Chiron, suggests you may feel a sense of purpose around resolving this. If you can do it, you could help others in a similar situation. This might be an opportunity to start a group that caters for those in the same boat, and perhaps to derive great satisfaction from offering genuine advice, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Baffled by something? Ask a few searching questions, and you’ll soon begin to see a pattern developing. As you connect the dots, you’ll quickly understand why this has eluded you for so long and you’ll know exactly what to do. The relief will be huge. Regarding a key goal, you may feel less enthusiastic than you did. With some radical changes, it can soon sparkle again, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A friendship may be on rocky ground, but perhaps not as much as you think. Make a point of starting a conversation, and whatever seemed wrong could be easily rectified. With a soothing Sun/Chiron tie showing, you’ll find that listening and putting yourself in their shoes, can help you see things from their perspective and correct the problem. You’ll soon be on great terms again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Have a blind spot regarding a goal or ambition? You may get insights into why this is, especially if it’s been holding you back for a while. With a healing aspect showing, a major piece of the puzzle can click into place and it will help you move forward. Plus, Mercury in Capricorn can make it easier to translate feelings into words, Cancer. Your message will be loud and clear. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 The discovery of an interest or bold opportunity may feel destined. Felt that there must be something more to life? If so, the coming days might find you jumping on this and be ready to commit. If you do take this step forward, it could feel like a relief. You’ll sense you’re finally on the right track. And even if things take a while to fully blossom, you’ll feel you’ve come home. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Could resolving an emotional issue help your career to flourish? Although there may seem little relationship between the two, a deep-seated matter that has bothered you for a while could be healed. With the right advice it can swiftly unravel. Once you’ve sorted it, the benefits might show up in other key areas of your life, including your ability to shine and be the star you are. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A fresh perspective on a relationship might be just the thing to nudge it in a new direction. A positive aspect can help ease it out of the doldrums, and give it that extra sizzle. You’ll need to be proactive too, Libra. If you’ve had nothing to challenge you both lately, consider taking on a project together or get out more and explore new interests. Either could open new doors for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Ready to enhance your wellbeing? It may be down to a positive tie between the Sun and healer Chiron that inspires you to change your diet, do more exercise and anything else that can leave you more energised. If you’ve got into bad habits over time, start small and gradually make a shift to better ones. A good place to start may be in the kitchen, by jettisoning unhealthy foods. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You love to meet people who’ve had adventures and braved the storms of life. A conversation you have today could really speak to you, and inspire you to tackle something that has caused you some angst. It may have affected your ability to express yourself due to doubts and fears. You’ll realise that everyone feels the same, but those that dare to challenge themselves often succeed. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Ready to streamline your financial affairs? A desire to cut back on expenses, including those involving your home, could set you up to save money and have more to spend on things you enjoy the most. Plus, key influences reveal that this is a great opportunity to extend your creativity to redecorating your home and giving it the feel-good factor it deserves, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A change of mindset could give you a new lease of life, especially once you realise how much aspects of your current thinking may be holding you back. There’s one area of life where changing your perspective could have quite an impact. Once you get it and make the shift, you’ll go from strength to strength. Instead of events repeating themselves, it will be all systems go. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 An intuitive nudge about how to increase your earnings deserves to be taken seriously. If you’ve wanted more cash, don’t ignore a persistent feeling to try an idea. It might not make sense right away, but suspend disbelief and go for it. With expansive Jupiter in your money zone, you’ll have enough self-belief, so this is the perfect time to launch your plan with confidence, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 29 to February 4 MORE : What’s in store for today? Your horoscope for January 31, 2023