We love a bold colour scheme here at Metro.co.uk, and this entirely black bungalow is about as bold as it gets. The three-bedroom home, in Swinton, Salford, has been painted black on pretty much every wall. The property is on the market for offers over £350,000, and the Zoopla listing says ‘internal viewing is a must’. Every additional surface, every piece of furniture, is also jet black and even the outside of the building is black to match. The dining room has black and white photos adorning the walls and a black chandelier hanging from the ceiling. While next door in the living room, there are black leather sofas, black marbled floors and even a black budgie cage. The kitchen worktops and floors are, you guessed it, black. But they do have some contrasting white cabinets. The microwave, kettle and dishwasher? One again, all black. The bathroom is similarly dark, with a black toilet seat, tap, sink and shower, and the three bedrooms are all almost entirely the same colour. Just the attic room has a white ceiling to brighten up the place a little. Of course, the walk-in wardrobe upstairs is full of black clothes. The exteriors didn’t escape the colour scheme either – with the garden fences painted black too. The listing, which makes no reference to all the dark paint within, reads: ‘Situated within a generous private gated plot, this superb home has been significantly extended and offers exceptionally well-proportioned living space that must be seen in person to be fully appreciated.’ Many online have taken a bit of a disliking to the property’s dark vibe. One person said: ‘Blacker than a bailiff’s heart.’ Another quipped: ‘Perfect retreat after eye surgery.’ ‘That would throw me into a deep depression,’ wrote one viewer. However, not everyone hates it. According to Proper Manchester, it’s one of the most viewed properties in Greater Manchester right now. One person commented: ‘I’m obsessed.’ Another joked: ‘At least when something gets grubby you won’t be able to see it.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Last person on UK’s ‘loneliest street’ spends £2,000 fixing condemned flat MORE : London man reveals he’s only paying £850 a month for a ‘beautiful’ flat and people can’t believe it MORE : It’s not all doom and gloom – 2023 really could be a good year to buy a property