McDonald’s has vowed to do more to protect staff four years after 1,000 staff complained about sexual harassment. The Bakers, Food and Allied Workers Union (BFAW) hit out at a ‘toxic culture’ at the fast food chain saying hundreds of women had been harassed by managers and supervisor. In 2019 they said that more than 1,000 cases had been reported. The firm has now signed an agreement with the Equality and Human Rights Commission saying it would protect workers. Among the measures, McDonald’s has committed to a zero tolerance approach to sexual harassment, provide training and improve policies at branches across the UK. BFAWU president Ian Hodson, said: ‘It’s shameful that one of the richest corporations on the planet doesn’t take sexual harassment seriously until we raise it. ‘I pay tribute to all our members who have spoken out on this issue and encourage McDonald’s to work with us in ending sexual harassment.’ Chief executive of McDonald’s in UK and Ireland, Alistair Macrow, said: ‘As one of the UK’s leading employers, the safety and wellbeing of our people is our absolute priority. ‘It is hugely important to me that everyone in our organisation feels safe, respected and included at all times – this is core to the values of our business. ‘We already have a strong track record in this area and I now welcome the opportunity to work with the EHRC to further strengthen this.’ In 2019, a female McDonald’s employee from London claimed she had endured sexual harassment from a more senior colleague. She said: ‘I got approached by a manager who would make sly comments, like asking if she was up for any fun while his wife was going to be away. ‘He would say that in the workplace. He eventually got hold of my phone number from the system or from another employee. ‘He text me to say he was at home alone with just the kids. I just blocked his number. That resulted in him pulling his pants down in the stockroom where there were no cameras.’ Her attempts to seek help were not taken seriously so she wrote a letter to HR. This initiated an investigation meeting but the BFAW described it as ‘inadequate’. She was then expected to keep working with her harasser. The BFAWU said ‘McDonald’s managers do not deal with the procedure as they should’ and ‘often brush complaints off’ Workers in several US cities staged a strike in 2018 to protest against the fast-food giant’s alleged failure to prevent sexual harassment at work. In 2021, McDonald’s said it would require staff around the world to undergo anti-harassment training after it emerged that at least 50 employees globally had filed legal claims against in just five years. The claims alleged physical and verbal harassment and, in some cases, retaliation when they complained. The EHRC has been behind similar agreements with the likes of Sainsbury’s, which it started working with in 2019 after a member of staff won an employment tribunal claim for sexual harassment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.