The World Boxing Council [WBC] has found ‘no conclusive evidence’ in their investigation into Conor Benn’s failed drug test, accepting his explanation that ‘highly-elevated consumption of eggs’ caused his positive result. Benn failed voluntary tests carried out by the Voluntary Anti-Doping Association (Vada) in the build-up to his grudge match against Chris Eubank Jr in October with the fight called off just 48 hours before the opening bell. The 26-year-old tested positive for an ‘adverse analytical finding’ of fertility drug clomiphene but has firmly denied knowingly taken any banned substances. Benn has suggested the substance may have gotten into his system as a result of the number of eggs he was eating in fight camp ahead of the Eubank Jr fight, telling The Times last year he was eating ‘between 30 and 34’ a week. The Ilford fighter and his team submitted a 270-page report to the WBC as part of their efforts to clear his name in December. In a detailed statement released on Wednesday, the WBC announced it has found no evidence that Benn intentionally took clomiphene. As a result, the governing body has returned the fighter to its welterweight rankings. A statement read: ‘The WBC found that: (1) there was no conclusive evidence that Mr. Benn engaged in intentional or knowing ingestion of Clomiphene; (2) there were no failures in the procedures related to sample collection, sample analysis, or violations of Mr. Benn’s B Sample rights that would justify questioning or invalidating the Adverse Finding; and (3) Mr. Benn’s documented and highly-elevated consumption of eggs during the times relevant to the sample collection, raised a reasonable explanation for the Adverse Finding. ‘The WBC Nutrition Committee will work with Mr. Benn’s team to design a nutrition program geared to avoid the risk of a future adverse finding caused by nutritional factors. ‘Mr. Benn shall be subjected to regular anti-doping testing to monitor the effect of the WBC-ordered nutritional program. ‘The WBC shall include Mr. Benn in its ratings during the period immediately following the issuance of its ruling.  Mr. Benn’s position in the WBC Ratings shall be based solely on his merit and the customary factors the WBC Ratings Committee apply to rating boxers.’ While Benn has been cleared to compete and return to the WBC rankings, he is still the subject of a separate investigation led by the British Boxing Board of Control and UKAD and is not licenced to box in the UK while that process is ongoing. But the WBC’s ruling now opens the door for him to return to the ring in another country. MORE : Conor Benn and Billy Joe Saunders brutally mock Chris Eubank Jr after shock defeat to Liam Smith MORE : ‘Doping would be a slap in the face for my father’ – Chris Eubank Jr responds after Conor Benn’s failed drugs tests For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 