Putin has begun throwing ‘thousands and thousands more troops’ into a desperate renewed push into Ukraine, Nato’s chief has warned. Waves of Russian reservists are set to be deployed in battles with dreadful odds of survival to feed the Kremlin’s ambitions of seizing more ground in time for the invasion’s first anniversary. ‘What Russia lacks in quality, they try to compensate in quantity’, Jens Stoltenberg told reporters on Tuesday. Battlefield intelligence suggests the invaders are willing to accept ‘big losses’ and ‘a very high rate of casualties’ if it helps secure quick symbolic victories, he added. The current epicentre of Russian shelling is the bombed-out city of Bakhmut, which Putin is treating as a prime objective even though the UK’s Ministry of Defence analysis says it has ‘limited operational value’. February 24 will mark 12 months of his so-called ‘special military operation’, which began as an attempt to force Ukraine into quick submisison by storming Kyiv but has become a drawn-out attritional war over a few key eastern cities. British and American intelligence officials have said Russia is suffering heavy losses due to the use of poorly trained recruits and even convicts on the front line, as well as weak coordination and resources. Ukrainian data rated as ‘likely accurate’ by Britain’s MoD suggests Russian soldiers are dying in greater numbers than at any time since the start of the invasion, with an average of 824 per day so far this month. The true overall death toll cannot be independently verified but Western militaries it is much closer to Ukraine’s estimate of 138,000 Russian dead than the 5,937 published by the Kremlin in September, its last official tally. A collaboration between the BBC Russian Service and independent Russian journalists claims to have confirmed the deaths of 13,030 Russian soldiers since last February, adding that the real number is likely far higher. The UK has said Ukraine is also suffering from a ‘high rate of attrition’, and American and Norwegian defence chiefs have estimated the defenders’ losses at around 100,000. Mr Stoltenberg had sought to dismiss suggestions that the Russian president was considering peace, urging Ukraine’s allies to supply it with more weapons, ammunitions and fuel. ‘What we see is President Putin and Russia still wanting to control Ukraine ‘We see how they are sending more troops, more weapons, more capabilities.’ Meanwhile, the head of Norway’s equivalent of MI6 said its oil and gas plants could soon be at risk of sabotage by Russian spies. Lars Norstrum said the Scandinavian country ‘is now Europe’s most important energy supplier after Russia ended its gas exports to the West.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.