This one-bedroom flat in Angel, London, is rented by Andrea Di Filippo, 31, and Sara Santini, 27, an Italian-born couple who fell in love in London, and with the city, founding Instagram sensation @prettylittlelondon. The minimalist apartment has gobsmacking views and enjoys glorious sunsets, and is full of candles, plants and little mementos of their home country. ADF: Our one-bedroom flat is in mixed-use Berkeley development 250 City Road, in Angel. It has one bathroom, an open-plan living room/dining area and a separate kitchen. SS: We both moved to London from Italy in 2014. We met as housemates, renting with five other people in Wood Green. We then moved together to Angel and initially rented a one-bed apartment for £1,950 a month. SS: We only lived a five-minute walk away from the development, where building work started in 2015. It sits between Angel and Old Street Tube stations, and when we passed the site and saw the modern Foster + Partners architecture going up in our own neighbourhood, we couldn’t wait for it to be finished. ADF: We had looked at quite a few others, in various styles, including period homes, but none of them had what this one could offer. The views were amazing as were the facilities – communal spaces, pool, gym, security and concierge. ADF: We pay £2,334 per month,  plus bills. SS: We love the air-conditioning system – such a rarity in London – the heated floors and marble finishes in the bathroom, and the rainfall shower. ADF: After living in London for a year, we realised we hadn’t explored London properly. We started @prettylondonlondon as a way to encourage people to explore new neighbourhoods and get out of their comfort zone. Angel has always been a favourite of ours, with its village feel. We love Italian restaurant Noci for the pasta, Bellanger next door for a cappuccino and croissants, and Brother Marcus in Camden Passage for brunch. We stock up on Italian goodies at deli EGRO’ and for unique homeware and fashion accessories we head to Haygen, and to Posh Totty Designs for cute jewellery. SS: It came unfurnished, but our landlord agreed to buy some furniture for us: we chose an L-shaped sofa and marble table. We’ve added warm colours and textures via cushions and rugs, which make the place feel cosy, but kept things simple as we wanted to let the views speak for themselves. The aim was to create a calming space where we can both work, relax and enjoy time with friends. ADF: We like to splurge on seasonal fragrances – Diptyque, Roja, Daylesford and The White Company are just some of our favourites.  We also love collecting old books  and objects from places we visit  while travelling, and add them  to our bookshelf. We have a few sentimental pieces that don’t necessarily ‘go’ in our flat, but they remind us of home – a little porcelain rabbit for example. Having lots of natural light in the flat has improved our moods – and it’s great for growing plants! We have about 13 now. We bought most of them from Patch Plants during Covid, and we have found a lovely local flower shop also, called, Angels Flowers And Plants. No. We have plenty of storage, and the bedroom is much bigger than you would expect. A four-bedroom townhouse with a beautiful garden, lots of light and a built-in gym … one can dream, right? Instagram @prettylittlelondon MORE : How shared ownership could be a great alternative to renting MORE : How this first-time buyer got on the property ladder in Battersea after renting with friends