Beyonce fans in Africa may not miss out on the Renaissance world tour entirely, as it’s claimed she’s in talks to bring the anticipated show to Ghana. The music world is reeling in excitement after it was announced that the Break My Soul singer will finally perform her Renaissance album live this summer with dates confirmed for Europe and North America. It comes more than a week after Beyonce, 41, performed an exclusive show in Dubai but left fans lingering as she didn’t perform any new tracks from the dance-infused album. So far, the Renaissance tour will include cities such as London, Cardiff, Stockholm, Toronto, Las Vegas, Miami and Houston. But what about Africa? It’s long-been a sticking point for Beyonce’s fans across the continent that she rarely tours there, with her tour legs typically consisting of the Americas, Europe and Oceania. There was renewed hope that the Brown Skin Girl singer would travel to the motherland when she released 2019’s The Lion King: The Gift soundtrack, which drew inspiration from Africa and featured a host of Afrobeats and dancehall artists. Although to note, she did perform in South Africa in 2018 at the Global Citizen Festival where she was joined by husband Jay Z on-stage. Well, it could finally be Africa’s time as a source has told Metro.co.uk that Beyonce is exploring whether it would be possible for her to bring Renaissance to the continent, specifically Ghana. ‘These dates only form part of the experience and there are talks to see if a more family friendly version of her show can be taken to Ghana,’ the insider said, explaining that the shows in Europe and North America will feature ‘mildly explicit’ content in light of some of the lyrics on the Renaissance album. They continued: ‘Live Nation is eager for all of its acts to perform in new markets and would like Bey to spearhead it if they can find the right venue and partners on the ground. She is working closely with Ay Hollywood on choreography and has spent the last year producing the live arrangements for the show.’ Ay Hollywood has worked on choreography with Beyonce in the past, as well as a slew of other A-list talent such as Rihanna, Jennifer Lopez, Megan Thee Stallion and Ciara, so expect the tour to be nothing short of epic. The source added: ‘Live Nation is especially happy because it projects that she’ll earn north of $500million (£406million).’ If Beyonce does head over to Ghana later this year, she’ll likely be in good company as she collaborated with Ghanaian artist Shatta Wale on the popular track Already from The Lion King album. For complete ticketing and additional information visit beyonce.livenation.com and tour.beyonce.com. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyonce finally confirms Renaissance world tour after months of teasing MORE : Beyoncé and Jay Z return to reality as they land in LA on private jet following singer’s dazzling, yet controversial, performance in Dubai  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 