A shameless Deliveroo customer has been branded ‘heartless’ after they stepped over a driver who collapsed on the street while bringing them food. The driver, identified only as Mohammed, was trying to complete a delivery to an expensive flat in central London when he suddenly collapsed outside the building. Mohamed was tended to by heroic bystanders as he drifted in and out of consciousness waiting for an ambulance to arrive. But when the hungry customers came downstairs and saw Mohamed on the floor, their only concern was about some missing food items, which they tried to ask questions about while stepping over his body to collect their food. When they were chastised by James Farrar, the general secretary of the App Drivers and Couriers Union who happened to be walking by as Mohamed collapsed, the customer simply shrugged their shoulders and headed back inside. Documenting the experience on Twitter as it happened, Mr Farrar wrote: ‘This is horrendous! It’s midnight. London E1, Alie Street, and an @Deliveroo rider is down. ‘A woman tried to keep him sat up while a man called Tristan kept calling the ambulance service trying to convince them Mohamed was a priority one call. ‘We tried to get Mohamed to drink but he could not. A woman used ice to try to keep him awake. We could not know if head a head injury. ‘At first Mohamed seemed over heated so we took down his hood. Then he became cold and the bar brought out a foil recovery blanket. It was absurd that he could not be brought inside the Meranti so I asked again and they agreed he could enter.’ Mr Farrar explained how the Deliveroo app kept pinging for Mohamed to complete the order while he was suffering, but nobody from the company rang to check up on him. Speaking of the customer, he wrote: ‘The food recipients checked their order but something was amiss. They wanted to ask Mohammed & pointed to his bag. I asked if they had no humanity. ‘They then stepped over Mohammed & went upstairs to dine on the incomplete order Mohammed may have given his life to deliver them. ‘We were able to reach Mohammed’s wife on his phone and she arrived on scene with her brother. She was desperately worried. An ambulance eventually arrived to treat Mohammed more than an hour after the first call.’ Mr Farar said the night’s events outside painted a picture of a ‘bleak London’. He also said when he tried to speak to Deliveroo he was redirected to a chatbot and asked to complete a survey. He said last night’s events outside Meranti House in East London, where flats sell for nearly £1million, showed a ‘bleak London’. Speaking to the Mirror, Mr Farrar said: ‘It’s a level of dissonance that is quite bizarre. ‘The reflection I have was it was just a brutal reality of exploitation of these fast delivery services. ‘This technology works lovely but the worker has become dehumanised and I think the consumer has become dehumanised too. ‘Workers are because they are part of the delivery machine, they are a unit of production, they don’t have a human relationship with them. ‘They don’t see them as employees because they are not psychologically set up to accept them as human and they have a responsibility for them.’ A Deliveroo spokesperson said: ‘We were all deeply concerned by this incident and have spoken to the rider’s family to offer our support. ‘Riders are at the very heart of our business and their safety and well-being is our absolute priority.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.