Singer Jessie J revealed the sex of her unborn baby while she got glammed up ahead of her first Brit awards red carpet in 10 years. The 34-year-old hitmaker updated fans on her pregnancy from her make-up chair and admitted she knew what gender her baby would be born as. While singing a tune, the soon-to-be first-time mum proudly sang to her baby bump and explained she could feel kicking every time she hummed that particular melody. Belting out a song in her trademark voice, the songstress stopped mid-way through her line as she leaned down to say ‘hi’ to her baby. Donning a white robe that was parted to show off her swollen belly, Jessie revealed she was due to have a little boy. The megastar appeared flawless in a face of full glam makeup and slicked-back hair as she effortlessly hummed and sang the lyrics to a song she explained she had written during her pregnancy. Alongside the sweet footage, the star penned a caption that subtly announced the sex of her child. She wrote: ‘Since I wrote this song every time I play it or sing it he moves like crazy… so I think this song is the one. Pre save link in my bio. Oh yeah…I’m having a boy. And I promise I am wearing underwear [sic]’. Fans rushed to the comments to congratulate the Price Tag singer on her happy news. One commented: ‘J I’m so pleased for you, hello precious boy!!!! So special [sics]’. While former The Saturdays star Rochelle Humes posted: ‘Magic’ along with a host of heart emojis. ‘The family we want to see. Hello baby boy [sic]’, was another fan’s reaction. Full of announcements, the singer also revealed she was going to be walking the Brits red carpet for the first time in 10 years on Saturday night. The highly-anticipated awards show is kicking off at London’s 02 arena and audiences are expecting to see the likes of Harry Styles, Stormzy, Wet Leg and Lews Capaldi take the iconic stage. She uploaded a picture of her award ceremony tickets and typed the update in the top corner of the snap, sharing: ‘Been 10 years since I’ve walked this carpet…@brits [sic]’. Jessie is expecting her first child with her basketball boyfriend Chanan Safir Colman. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 