Pregnant Love Island star Shaughna Phillips has broken her silence on her boyfriend Billy Webb’s arrest on drug charges last month. The mum-to-be, 28, said the past few weeks had been ‘challenging’ and Webb is ‘no longer around’. It was reported in January that Webb, 29, was arrested earlier that month and the Metropolitan Police confirmed to Metro.co.uk he was charged with possession with intent to supply a Class A drug. Phillips is due to give birth in March and said she is simply focused on her baby’s wellbeing following the drama. ‘After a challenging few weeks, obviously, the baby’s father isn’t around. But my main focus has always been just to prepare for the birth and try to be as calm as possible,’ she shared this week. Phillips added to OK!: ‘I’m good at just saying, “Right, the show must go on”.’ The former reality star went on: ‘Billy’s not around, but I don’t want to say that I’m doing it on my own, because I’m absolutely not – my family’s incredible. ‘It’s going to be different, but I don’t want to say it’s going to be bad.’ In a statement shared last month, a police spokesperson said: ‘On Friday 20th January, officers arrested a male on Kentish Town Road NW5 after recovering a quantity of Class A drugs. ‘A search of a nearby address led to further Class A drugs being recovered, including Cocaine and MDMA. ‘Billy Webb was charged with possession with intent to supply a Class A drug and being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs on 21 January. ‘William Bowen was charged with possession with intent to supply a Class A drug on 21 January.’ They added: ‘Webb was remanded at court to appear at Southwark Crown Court on an unspecified date. Bowen was bailed at court to appear at Southwark Crown Court on an unspecified date.’ A rep for Phillips told us that the reality star is unaware of the offences and is focusing on preparing to welcome her baby. ‘Shaughna had absolutely no knowledge of any activity involving the allegations against Billy,’ they said in a statement. ‘Despite being in a long term relationship with the defendant, Shaughna has no links with the address in question, and will be openly assisting the police with their enquiries. ‘We kindly ask the public to be mindful of the imminent birth of Shaughna’s baby and allow her some privacy during this difficult and stressful time.’ Phillips, who appeared on ITV2’s dating series Love Island in 2020, announced she was set to become a mum in October. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emeli Sande ‘proud’ to headline Burberry British Diversity Awards with Stormzy, Alan Carr and Alison Hammond nominated MORE : Kylie Jenner kicks off construction on record-breaking 18,000-square-foot mansion and the photos are something else 