Katie Price slammed her own mucky mansion as she deemed the home to be ‘tacky’ in a trailer for her latest crack at television. The 44-year-old star returned to the box to renovate her humble abode and gave fans a sneak peek ahead of the series’s release. Worth a startling £1.6million, the former glamour model has her sights set on re-creating the current space into her dream family home. In a trailer for Channel 4’s hit Katie Price’s Mucky Mansion, the famous face revealed she was hoping to undertake a five-room revamp of the top floor to turn it into her own little slice of private heaven. The ambitious plans include putting in a new bedroom, a cinema room and a lounge. Alongside the property renovations, the mum-of-five opened up about social media trolls and threats she had received on the platforms. She described herself as a ‘hoarder’ during the clip that saw her attempting to rid herself of all the ‘trash’ she has accumulated over the years living in the home. Chatting with The Mirror ahead of the new episodes, the OnlyFans star admitted: ‘I found it hard to come to the house. I had bad memories of it all. ‘I was introduced to someone who wanted to turn it into a wedding venue, but it turned out to be a hoax and he ended up fly-tipping all of my land and made my house derelict inside. ‘And then it got burgled and someone turned the shower on, so it leaked and my ceiling collapsed. It looked like a building site, so that’s where it got the name Mucky Mansion.’ The celebrity continued: ‘I got to a point where I could come back to the house but to move into it, I had to change everything,” she told us. ‘I wanted to bring love back into the house and that’s what I’ve done. The past is the past and the house has got a different feel to it now. ‘There is no bad feeling here any more. It really does feel like a home.’ Katie Price’s Mucky Mansion airs on Tuesday 21st February, 10pm on Channel 4 & All 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price confirms she’s single despite being spotted with ex Carl Woods in Thailand MORE : Katie Price’s children ‘in tears’ after Met Police officers ‘share discriminatory images’ of son Harvey 