Sam Smith is surrounding themselves with loved ones after a recent disturbing ordeal which saw them heckled on the street. The Unholy hitmaker, stepped out in West Village in New York City on Saturday (February 18), cutting a casual figure in a pair of baggy jeans. Sam, 30, kept warm in a stylish black coat, teamed with a blue jumper underneath. They were joined by rumoured boyfriend Christian Cowan, after they both grabbed coffee and engaged in conversation while exploring the Big Apple. Sam – who is non-binary and uses they/them pronouns – hasn’t publicly commented on speculation that they are loved up with fashion designer Christian. However, they were spotted with his parents in NYC earlier this week, as Sam supported the designer by sitting front row at his Fashion Week show. Sam and Christian have been pictured together on several occasions over the past few months. Reports first surfaced that they were an item after they both attended the signing of the Respect for Marriage Act at the White House in December. Christian also accompanied Sam to get a tattoo from Australian tattoo artist MJ of Markd Tattoo, with the tattoo artist sharing a snap of them on social media. The rumoured boyfriend’s presence in Sam’s life will surely be welcome at the moment, given the frightening experience they had this week. While walking the streets, the Stay With Me singer – who came out and changed their pronouns in 2019 – was screamed at by a stranger. A shocking video caught the woman branding Sam ‘demonic’ and ‘evil’. ‘You belong in Hell,’ the woman shouted as Sam minded their own business walking through Central Park. She then said Sam is ‘twisted’ and ‘belongs in hell’. Another person close to the woman then began shouting something about Illuminati before the video cut off. Her outburst followed actual complaints for Sam’s performance at the Brit Awards, as he took to the stage with Kim Petras to perform their viral hit. Fresh off their Grammys performance – which also rubbed certain people up the wrong way – Sam and Kim were hit with a mixture of abuse and support for their sets, garnering both Ofcom and FCC complaints for the routines, which featured a crew of backing dancers, car props on stage and a passionate kiss between two dancers at the end. Reps for Sam Smith have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Starstruck’s Adam Lambert praises non-binary singer Sam Smith for ‘helping others be exactly who they should be’ MORE : Adele and Ed Sheeran both ‘turned down’ invitations to perform at King Charles’ Coronation 