Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta insists he feels sympathy for Graham Potter as the pressure continues to mount on the struggling Chelsea manager. Chelsea’s alarming run of form continued on Sunday as Potter’s side were beaten 2-0 by London rivals Tottenham. The Blues have now won just two of their last 15 Premier League games to slip to 10th in the table, 14 points outside the Champions League places. A number of pundits and a substantial section of the Chelsea fanbase are calling for Potter to be sacked but Stamford Bridge owner Todd Boehly appears to want to stick by the former Brighton boss, who replaced Thomas Tuchel earlier in the season. Speaking after Chelsea’s latest defeat, Potter said he needed more time to implement his ideas, drawing comparison to Arsenal boss Arteta and Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp. Potter even said he had recently been watching Arsenal’s ‘All or Nothing’ documentary and took hope from the fact Arteta was facing similar pressure only to turn the Gunners into title contenders this season. Arteta was asked about the pressure mounting on Potter at his pre-Everton press conference on Tuesday and said he ’empathises’ with his Chelsea counterpart. ‘Absolutely, we are colleagues,’ Arteta said when asked if he feels sympathy for Potter. ‘We all know the pressure, the demands and the intensity in this industry. At the end of the day the ball has to go in but there are many factors out of your control. ‘So of course you empathise because you know how it is and the suffering that can be felt.’ Potter praised Chelsea’s ‘desire’ after the Tottenham defeat and said his team would need to ‘suffer’ in the coming weeks to get through this ‘bad moment’. But former Premier League goalkeeper Paul Robinson says Chelsea’s current situation is ‘unthinkable’ given the club’s success over the past decade and the amount of money spent – almost £600m since American businessman Boehly bought the club last year. ‘It’s difficult but you sit here and have to be honest,’ Robinson said on BBC Radio 5 Live’s Football Daily podcast.  ‘The results aren’t good enough. Performances at times are sporadically good enough, but over a long period of time are not good enough. ‘For Chelsea to be sat 10th in the league, out of both cup competitions and going into a Champions League tie 1-0 down and with it all to do, for a club of Chelsea’s size and the amount of money have spent, it’s unthinkable.’ Chelsea return to action on Saturday against relegation-battlers Leeds United, before hosting Borussia Dortmund in the second leg of their Champions League last-16 tie. MORE : Thiago Silva set to miss crunch Chelsea fixtures but star man nears return MORE : Chelsea stars ‘shocked’ and ‘angry’ with Graham Potter after Tottenham defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 