It’s the news we’ve all been waiting for – The Traitors is officially set to return for series  2! The news of the TV show’s renewal was announced by the BBC, after the first outing accumulated an incredible 34million views on BBC iPlayer, becoming the biggest new launch by the broadcaster in the last couple of years. Host Claudia Winkleman teased that she already has some funky fashion up her sleeve for the competition’s comeback, stating: ‘I can’t wait to go back to the castle to watch people play the greatest game on television. I’m knitting a high funnel sweater immediately.’ Kalpna Patel-Knight, the head of entertainment at the BBC, added: ‘Last year’s ambitious and bingeable hit The Traitors with Claudia Winkleman is coming back with the brilliant team at Studio Lambert set to bring viewers another magnificent series full of drama and suspense. ‘We can certainly expect even more deceit and psychological games for the Traitors and the Faithfuls.’ A release date for the second series is yet to be announced… but if becoming a Traitor or a Faithful piques your interest, you can apply now via BBC Take Part. On The Traitors, the group of contestants must work together to build up the pot of winnings that they could take home at the end of the competition. However, while the majority of them are Faithfuls, trusting one another, there are a few Traitors in their midst. These Traitors are pretending to be Faithfuls, but actually could end up bagging the jackpot for themselves if they make it to the end of the series. The first season of the UK version of the programme – based on the original Dutch series – was a nailbiter to say the least, with Traitor Wilfred ‘Wilf’ Webster making it all the way to the end. Having trusted Wilf fully throughout the process that he wasn’t a Traitor, in the final moment, Hannah Byczkowski expressed her doubt in him. It turned out that trusting her gut was the best thing she could have possibly done, as Wilf revealed his true identity on the programme to Hannah, Aaron Evans and Meryl Williams. The US version of the series recently launched with Alan Cumming taking on hosting duties, with the American show already being renewed for a second outing. The Traitors is due to return to the BBC, with a release date for the second series yet to be announced. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Traitors icon Amanda Lovett: ‘I finally feel like I belong somewhere thanks to the LGBTQ+ community’ MORE : The Traitors star Maddy Smedley shares audition news – and we have our fingers crossed that she’s bagged new part 