What if living the dream means realising it’s not all it’s cracked up to be? There’s something so reassuring about knowing what you want to do with your life. Like having the bumper guard rails up while you’re bowling, you might not have a guarantee of absolute success, but at least you know where you’re heading. But what if you finally hit a strike and, instead of scoring big, the pins just smack you in the face? Careers advisor Soma Ghosh tells Metro.co.uk that getting sick of your dream could be down to something as simple as time. She explains: ‘As we progress from our 20s-30s and 30s-40s, our ideology about our dream job will change because we change. ‘So in a way, it’s a bit of a fallacy. Calling something a ‘dream’ job can be problematic when someone becomes so unhappy in a job that it leads to them being physically and mentally ill.’ The problem with putting something on a pedestal – even a job – is that it’s bound to disappoint. Or worse, your dedication could end up being taken advantage of. Sure nothing’s perfect, but the sad fact is that a lot of the jobs society hails as dreamy are in industries famous for toxic workplace cultures and normalised overwork. Soma says: ‘The concept of a dream job can be problematic if realism is something you haven’t taken into account.’ She uses the medical profession as an example, highlighting how many people dream of becoming doctors only to drop out when they reach the junior doctor level. ‘Having a dream that doesn’t measure up is because there is a lot of emphasis on being in a “good job”’, she adds. ‘Things like money, status and job title all play into [wanting] a role like this.’ Schools often end up pushing this exact way of thinking. ‘When I worked in a school as a careers advisor,’ Soma recalls, ‘there was a lot of emphasis on fields like medicine, dentistry, and law. ‘Putting these, or any kind of jobs on a pedestal, can lead to disappointment, but more than that, it can lead many to feel despondent about what they can do next – especially if you have studied for something for many years.’ The sunk cost fallacy can be a huge factor here – how can you give up on your so-called dream when you’ve spent all this time, energy, and/or money on education trying to make it a reality? If you’re feeling like your dream isn’t working out, you’ll probably want to start by figuring out whether it’s just your current company or role you’re not feeling, or if the issues you’re having could be industry-wide. Soma says: ‘Some companies are still not doing enough to help with retention and the overall mental health impact a job can have. ‘This is something that can also affect someone’s vision of a dream job.’ Soma then uses the fields of law and finance as examples, saying a lot of people in these jobs find there’s a disconnect between their dream and the reality of these industries. ‘Both jobs require long hours and the dream of earning well is something that happens with hard work and commitment,’ she says, ‘not just by qualifying in this field. ‘Many graduates in these fields sometimes feel out of alignment with some of their roles. ‘The dream job element may be squashed easily when the reality isn’t that exciting.’ So how can you tell when the time is right to move on? Soma says: ‘The right time is if you are not progressing in your job or if the job isn’t how you envisioned it would be. ‘For example, on paper or in your mind you may have thought the job was going to be exciting and a learning opportunity, but the reality of it has not matched up to your expectations.’ So what should you do if you’ve realised it’s time to find a different dream? First, Soma recommends pinning down exactly what it is about your current situation that you’re not liking. For example, do you prefer working with people, but you’ve ended up stuck doing admin tasks all the time instead? Or have you thrived in a hybrid working environment over the pandemic, but found your employers inflexible? Once you have a firm idea of everything that’s not working for you, you can also get a good idea about what would, and plan where to go next from there. Soma says that part can take a bit longer, but talking to others for guidance and advice can help. She adds: ‘If you know your dream job isn’t for you be practical about your finances. ‘If there are debts to be paid off, figure out a way to do this whilst in your current role, or get freelance work.’ And finally, whether you just change jobs or switch to an entirely new industry, try not to feel guilty for choosing something different. You haven’t failed, or given up – if anything. technically you’ve already won, but the prize just wasn’t what you wanted in the end. Soma says: ‘Don’t sabotage your next step. ‘Some of my clients often feel a bit of guilt for things not working out. ‘Whatever you do next, don’t overthink it. Be kind to yourself and take your time to think about your next step.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : These are the most common work dreams and what they actually mean MORE : Admit it, you have no idea what your best mate actually does for a job MORE : I applied for 2,000 roles in four years and learned that jobseekers are treated appallingly