Aaron Waters and Spencer Wilks were forced to say their goodbyes, as they were dumped from the Love Island villa on Sunday night. In yet another brutal dumping, the girls were tasked with choosing which boy to save, after Aaron, Spender, and Kai Fagan were all at risk. Alas, it was Aaron and Spencer whose time in South Africa came to a premature end, after the public failed to choose them as one of their favourite residents in the vote. Announcing the news, fellow islander Olivia Hawkins said: ‘It was not an easy decision at all. ‘But, we have decided to dump these two from the island because even though we believe they’re both in here for genuine reasons, we think that there may be a stronger connection that has been formed over the past few days.; Speaking in their post-exit interviews, Aaron said it felt ‘bittersweet’ to be leaving so soon, while Spencer said it was ‘a shame.’ ‘I didn’t have any sparks in there with anyone so I was kind of ready for it but at the same time I still had high hopes and a positive attitude. I don’t regret anything, I think I was myself the whole way through,’ Aaron said. ‘When one door closes another one opens, I’m excited.’ The Australian star – who entered the villa as a bombshell alongside fellow Aussie Jessie Wynter – added: ‘I was very excited stepping into the unknown once again. Having Jessie alongside me was really good and also coming in as a bombshell this time was a really different experience.’ He said it was ‘fun meeting a whole host of different people from the UK’, but he was unable to find ‘something serious’ like he’d hoped for. Meanwhile, Spencer was disappointed after feeling like his connection with Tanyel Revan was going somewhere. ‘Me and Tanyel had just started to get to know each other, I’m sad to leave everyone but I made some good friends and met some amazing people but I didn’t find love,’ he said. Spencer added his ‘vibe with Tanyel is kind of complicated.’ ‘We didn’t really have much in the first week. We gave each other the eyes here and there and a bit of flirting. But because I was exploring with Liv and she was exploring with Kai, it was kind of off the table at the time,’ he admitted. ‘But she’s a strong girl, very fiery, definitely. Sexual attraction was definitely there. I think she fancied me, too. We did vibe but I think it got cut short.’ Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Haris Namani was banned from kissing games over unfortunate health issue MORE : Love Island’s Tom Clare turns his attention to Samie Elishi after Olivia Hawkins puts pin in romance 