A family embarked on a 2,600-mile drive to try to adopt a dog wearing a permanent lopsided grin due to a facial deformity. Sherry Lankston and her two sons saw a post about the husky, Harvey, shared on social media by the San Diego County Department of Animal Services. ‘I saw that silly grin and knew we had to meet him,’ Lankston told CBS 8. ‘It’s been a few years since we could visit our friends and favorite places in San Diego, so why not? Roadtrip.’ Animal humane officer Joy Ollinger wrote in the post: ‘Harvey has a facial deformity that doesn’t bother him but gives him a crooked smile. I think it makes him even more endearing. He walks like a dream on leash too.’ Harvey ‘is a quiet and mellow husky who gets along with other dogs and loves treats’, Ollinger added. Lankston, who used to live in San Diego, asked how Harvey might get along with cats, dogs and her kids. Ollinger responded that Harvey appeared to be a great fit for other animals as well as children. ‘We’re up in Seattle at the moment but I can easily be convinced to come visit our friends in San Diego and bring home a love-bug,’ Lankston replied. ‘I wasn’t actively looking for a new furbaby but this guy’s sweet face has me swooning.’ Days later, Lankston began documenting the roadtrip with her kids – who were on mid-winter break from school – on Facebook. ‘Here we go. San Diego bound,’ Lankston wrote on February 19. ‘Day 1 Operation meet #Harveythehusky. (Note: if he’s adopted before we get there… I’ll still be thrilled).’ The family’s journey wasn’t easy, especially as they got caught in a winter storm that struck southern California. They met Harvey at long last mid-last week and were loved him right away. They picked Harvey up on Saturday morning. ‘There’s nothing sad about an animal finding its forever home,’ Lankston said. ‘We’ll be very happy for him and enjoy visiting our friends and soaking up some sun before heading back north.’ Harvey’s adoption story is a reminder that ‘shelters are bursting at the seams with amazing animals that would make excellent family pets’, Ollinger said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.