Paul Ansell has compared the disappearance of Nicola Bulley to ‘living in the Truman Show’. He sat down with Channel 5’s Dan Walker to discuss the ongoing search. Earlier, he described the ‘unprecedented hell’ the family was going through without answers. He also delved into the couple’s morning routine, and how nothing had been amiss on January 27. Paul had been at home when Nicola did the school run and took their dog Willow for a walk. He was not ‘massively concerned’ when she didn’t return home, until their daughters’ school called to say her phone had been found. Now, two weeks on without answers, it’s becoming harder and harder to cope. Paul told Dan: ‘It just doesn’t feel real. Have you seen the Truman show? Well, I feel like I’m in The Truman Show. ‘I honestly believe I’m gonna wake up at any moment. I was just talking to Louise before, Nikki’s sister and we both just say the same thing every day. ‘How are we even in this? You know, we’re good people. We are good people. ‘We’re positive people, you know, we live very appreciative lives. ‘We don’t get wrapped up in all the general everyday sort of nitty gritty rubbish or anything like that, or you know, we try to live the best life that we can, do the right thing by everybody. ‘We appreciate the small things, you know what I mean? This is the kind of thing that you see on the telly, in dramas and stuff like that. ‘And you don’t want to be in it? ‘It’s just not, it just doesn’t feel real at all, that’s the only way I can explain it.’ Nicola’s family today gathered at St Michael’s Church on the banks of the River Wyre in Lancashire, just a few hundred yards from where she vanished two weeks ago, at a vigil today. A photo of Ms Bulley smiling with her partner Paul Ansell was displayed at the altar. Heather Gibbons, a family friend who attended the vigil, said: ‘It’s an agonising wait, it’s almost a hell above hell, because the unknown is unbearable.’ She described how locals opened the church doors at 10am to give people the ‘chance to come… collect their thoughts [and]… be together’. ‘It’s not a vigil in that we’ve lost hope, it’s almost trying to create that moment of hope for everybody to keep supporting one another’, said she added. Fraught friends gathered for yet another roadside appeal on holding signs pleading ‘to bring Nikki home’. They are urging people to come forward with more information, while some want police to search a nearby ‘abandoned house’. Vanished: Where is Nicola Bulley? was shown on Channel 5 at 9pm on Friday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.