A couple who were feeling a strain on their finances swapped their home in Oregon, US, for a converted school bus. Alyssa Lydick and her partner Johnathon Peck have been busy transforming the old bus into their dream home and now save around £8,000 a year from the lifestyle change. ‘We knew we couldn’t afford to keep living the ‘”traditional” way, as it just didn’t work for us,’ Alyssa told NeedToKnow.online. ‘Upon looking into [this way] of living more, we realised it was the perfect choice for us – cheaper, completely customisable and way safer than any other mobile living situation. ‘I’d always had the idea that living in a school bus was something that sounded fun, and now, as was the one thing we could afford, it was bus or bust.’ During 2020, the pair were feeling the pinch and living off their savings. But when Johnathon lost his job at the local farm, they knew a change was needed. The 22 and 25-year-old considered moving from their apartment into a tiny home, but then came across a second-hand bus for sale online. In December 2020, they took the plunge and purchased the 2000 BlueBird bus from a seller in Southern California for £9,900 ($12,000 USD) – before starting on the revamp in January 2021. With a tight budget, the couple taught themselves DIY throughout the renovation – learning all the skills from scratch, YouTube and by trial and error. They started by ripping out the interiors, before removing rust and covering the windows. They then added insulation and a new floor before moving in. Alyssa said: ‘The lease on our apartment was finished, so we moved into the bus with the bare necessities. ‘We’ve worked so hard to get to where we are now and have ensured to include everything we needed to make the space feel like home. ‘Now, we’ve got a pantry, pull-out coach, solar heating, curtains, and a mini library. ‘Neither Johnathon nor myself, have any prior experience in building or construction – and we didn’t even know to drive a bus. ‘While we knew the basics, we made sure to be completely educated before starting out, but nothing could’ve prepared us for what was to come. ‘But the one thing we love the most is having the ability to have a home that changes every day.’ The pair estimate they’ve spent around £2,880 on renovations and have saved cash by using second-hand wood and pre-loved furniture. Now, they’re looking forward to taking the bus on the road and have already explored Southern California and Northern Washington. Alyssa added: ‘We still pinch ourselves every day at the idea that we are living the life we imagined for ourselves years ago. ‘I don’t foresee an end of bus life in sight for us, it’s a dream come true.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Tenants trashed my house while I was on holiday and left dirty knickers everywhere MORE : London couple ditch the rat race to open canal boat café and travel the country MORE : Couple ditch three-bed home to live on a boat – with plans to save £800 per month