They’ve found themselves at the centre of rumours they’ve been an item since competing on Strictly Come Dancing and Tyler West and Molly Rainford now appear to be closer than ever. The radio DJ, 26, and singer and actress, 21, apparently hit it off when first meeting on the set of the BBC reality series back in September. There were reports that the pair had been flirting backstage while filming the 20th series despite Molly being ‘banned’ from dating, but it appears they’ve been getting closer since they hit the road for the live tour. Currently in Newcastle, the pair will then travel with the show to London, Belfast and Glasgow before the tour finishes on February 12. Now it’s been revealed just how well they are getting along. ‘Tyler and Molly get on like a house on fire. They spend a lot of time together when not performing,’ a source told The Sun. ‘Tyler is always hanging around waiting for Molly when she gets off the coach and they are often seen heading off together away from the group. ‘They are very comfortable which other and it hasn’t gone unnoticed how much they gravitate towards each other.’ When she started on Strictly Molly insisted her eyes would be on the prize, hoping to take the Glitterball trophy home. ‘I’m only 21, so I’m not looking for a relationship on Strictly. That’s not in the picture right now. I want to focus on my career,’ she said. Molly did manage to make the Strictly final with professional dancer Carlos Gu, 28, but was beaten by winner Hamza Yassin, 32. Tyler danced with Dianne Buswell, 33, but was the eighth person to leave the show. Metro.co.uk has contacted Tyler West and Molly Rainford’s representatives. Strictly Come Dancing is streaming on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gorka Márquez says he and David Beckham would ‘make a good-looking couple’ on Strictly MORE : Giovanni Pernice talks marriage and children after confirming romance with fellow Strictly Come Dancing pro Jowita Pryzstal 