Broadchurch star Andrew Buchan has reportedly moved out of the home he shared with his wife of 11 years and is now living with his new co-star. Buchan, 44, has been married to Downton Abbey actress Amy Nuttall, 40, for more than a decade and the pair share a son. However, he allegedly ‘fell’ for his Better co-star Leila Farzad, 39, while filming the new BBC thriller, which came out last month. He and Farzad are now said to be ‘living together’, much to the ‘shock’ of those around him. ‘It was a huge shock. Amy is heartbroken. Whatever has gone on, it seems to have been enough for him to re-evaluate his whole life and rip up their marriage,’ said a source. They added to The Sun: ‘For Andrew to walk away from his family was a huge shock to us all. Everyone who knows them thought they were going to be together forever. But he’s packed his bags and left with his new co-star.’ Buchan, who is best known for playing Mark Latimer in Broadchurch, is said to have called time on his and Nuttall’s marriage just before Christmas. Stockport-born Buchan’s first big role was as Scott Foster, a political lobbyist, in Party Animals on BBC2. He also portrayed Andrew Parker Bowles in The Crown and Matt Hancock in Sky Atlantic’s This England. Meanwhile, Nuttall’s break-out role came when she was cast as Chloe Atkinson in Emmerdale. The Blackburn-born soap star was only 18 when she joined the show and starred on the soap for five years. She also famously played Ethel Parks in Downton Abbey and Winnie Peterson in ITV’s Liar. As for Farzad, she scored a casting in I Hate Suzie alongside Billie Piper after graduating from Oxford University, but it was her role in Better alongside Buchan that earned her wider recognition. The show is about a corrupt cop (Farzad) trying to turn their life around. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Buchan, Nuttall and Farzad’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nintendo Switch 2 is out this year says leaker who correctly predicted Pokémon DLC MORE : Brighton Pride organisers accused of ‘silencing’ attendees as furious backlash mounts over Black Eyed Peas performance 