Everybody knows Dave Grohl is probably the nicest man in rock ‘n roll, but if you needed any convincing it’s emerged that he spent 16 hours prepping and cooking food for 450 homeless people. The Foo Fighters frontman was on the streets of Los Angeles on Wednesday, teaming up with a charity to provide a hot (and delicious looking) barbecue feast for nearly 500 individuals. Hope the Mission is a non-profit organisation providing shelter, food, medical and hygiene services to those in need in the area, and CFO Rowan Vansleve took to Instagram to share how Grohl had generously provided his time and cooking prowess to help them out. Uploading a video of the 54-year-old rock star getting stuck in to prepping, cooking and serving his barbecue meals, Ryan wrote: ‘And in the middle of our 350 mile run to end homelessness, we got the coolest video ever from Dave Grohl, of the Foo Fighters. ‘Not only did I wish us luck, but he cooked for hundreds of people who live in our shelters in the middle of one of the worst storms.’‘Nothing but love and respect for Dave,’ he added. The clip of their epic meal prep was set to – what else? – Foo Fighters’ track My Hero, and showed Grohl and the dedicated team getting well and truly stuck in in the kitchen, whipping up ribs, coleslaw, cabbage beans and brisket. There were also some excellent shots of the musician proudly showing off his meat-cooking skills to the camera – and fair enough! At one point, Grohl addressed the camera alongside Vansleve, praising those on the fundraising run for Hope the Mission. ‘What’s up you guys? You finished 15 miles today – congratulations! Tomorrow’s another beautiful day, keep it up!’ Revealing that he’d been ‘out her all night cooking’ with the team, he added in his typical upbeat fashion: ‘We’re all in man. You’re all in, we’re all in. Keep going!’ According to TMZ, Grohl provided the meat smoker and ‘handled all the expenses himself’, getting sleep ‘here and there’ over the 16 hours while the meat was getting smoked. Grohl and the Foo Fighters have confirmed their first major performance since drummer Taylor Hawkins’ untimely death last March, for later this year. The rock band went through the ‘most difficult and tragic year’ in 2022 when their beloved bandmate of almost 30 years suddenly died aged 50 in his Bogota hotel room. They pulled together two stunning tribute concerts in his memory – in London and LA – in September, supported by some of their closest rock pals, including Sir Brian May, Sir Paul McCartney, Liam Gallagher and Supergrass, acknowledged as Hawkins’ ‘favourite band’. The Foos have now revealed they will play a headline set at Boston Calling 2023, taking place over the last weekend in May. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Beckham and son Cruz Beckham take Dublin as they celebrate his 18th birthday with a boozy lads’ getaway MORE : Burny Mattinson, director, animator and Disney’s longest-serving employee, dies aged 87  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 