Alison Hammond could barely stop smiling when she stepped out in Redditch, near Birmingham, with her boyfriend Ben Hawkins. It marks the first time TV presenter Alison, 48, has been spotted with gardener Ben, who she’s thought to have been dating for more than a year. Alison donned a camo coat and beige bucket hat when she was photographed with Ben last week, while her landscaper beau opted for a brown tracksuit and hooded jacket. The This Morning star clutched a newspaper under left arm and was also rocking a pair of box-fresh trainers and a green dress. The loved-up couple is thought to have met two years ago when Ben worked on the garden at Alison’s West Midlands home, according to MailOnline. The paper adds that their relationship turned romantic about a year and a half ago after Alison and Ben ‘hit it off’. Doting mum Alison has kept her relationships private for the most part over the years, but she split from her fiancée Jamie Savage in 2017 after three years of dating and has an 18-year-old son named Aiden with her ex Noureddine Boufaied. Although Alison has remained schtum about her new boyfriend’s identity, she did reveal in January that she’s open to getting engaged again now there’s ‘someone special’ in her life. Speaking to My Weekly magazine, she said last month: ‘There’s someone special and if he wants to pop the question, he can pop away.’ The star also said her partner ‘worships’ her and proves it by giving her a daily foot rub. She spilled: ‘A year-and-a-half I’ve been with him, and no one knew. He absolutely worships me and massages my feet every single day. What more do you want?’ Her This Morning co-host Dermot O’Leary accidentally let slip on the show in May that Alison is dating someone. He said live on-air: ‘You’re not available anymore, are you, but if you were – jeez, what a catch!’, resulting in Alison having to clarify to viewers that she is indeed seeing someone ‘special’ in her life. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Alison’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Does Joel die in The Last of Us? Episode 6 ending explained MORE : Bafta-winning Avatar: The Way of Water VFX team tease third movie 