Coronation Street will tackle the issue of consent in upcoming episodes that see Aaron Sandford (James Craven) rape Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney). After being promoted to mechanic at the garage, Aaron is in the mood to celebrate, so he suggests that the group of flat mates head out to the Bistro for cocktail night. As Aaron and Amy get ready, there is clear chemistry between them both. Having rowed with Summer (Harriet Bibby) earlier on, tensions are high, and the pair find themselves kissing. However, a guilty Amy ends up pulling away, feeling terrible about going behind Summer’s back. At the Bistro, Amy struggles watching Summer and Aaron together. Her guilt from their earlier kiss and her grief over losing her relationship with Jacob all become too much for her, and she heads home. Following some sniping between him and Summer, Aaron too decides to head back to the flat. As the evening progresses, Aaron and Amy play drinking games, polishing off every drop of alcohol in the flat, and end up kissing once more. Amy, determined to find more alcohol, stumbles into her bedroom. It is then that she realises that she doesn’t feel well, and that she is too drunk to continue. She turns away from Aaron, who has joined her on the bed, and passes out. According to actor James Craven, Aaron ‘fails to read the signals’ that Amy has given, as he continues to kiss her. ‘Here I should mention that the biggest mistake he makes in this moment is that he assumes she’s okay to continue, because as far as he’s concerned everything leading up to this moment has been fine and she’s been ok with everything.’ He explained. ‘The emphasis really is on the word ‘assumes’ because that’s his biggest mistake and he doesn’t check in with himself and importantly doesn’t check in with Amy that she’s okay with all of this. It’s a lack of care due to a lack of thought.’ He then takes things a step further, though she is completely oblivious. Following this harrowing event, Amy will wake up and slowly piece together what happened, coming to the realisation that she has been raped. Viewers will see how she struggles with her emotions following this event, and tries to rebuild her life going forward. Coronation Street teamed up with the Schools Consent Project for this storyline, in order to tell it accurately and sensitively. MORE : Coronation Street boss Iain MacLeod scraps Hope’s dark storylines MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: Passionate reunion for Ryan and Alya amid knife trauma