If we can look like Vera Wang at the age of 73, we’ll be more than happy. The fashion designer looked super stylish as she rocked up for the 2023 Baftas, certainly not appearing to be a woman in her seventies. Wang, known for her iconic wedding dresses, flashed her abs in a black crop top and white wrap dress, with the silk fabric pooling at her feet. An expert in all things posing and angles, she was certainly captured in her best light by photographers, radiating joy and confidence. The American fashionista accessorised her elegant ensemble with a pair of oversized black shades, allowing her to look fresh off the runway from one of her own shows. Wang also added a pretty perl necklace and threw a cream coat over her shoulders for some warmth amid the British February chill. She kept her brunette tresses sleek and straight, and opted for a natural make-up look with a pink lip. After seeing pics of Wang on the Baftas carpet, it would be an understatement to say the internet was left astounded by her ageless beauty. ‘An icon, a legend’, one person tweeted. ‘A reminder that this woman is 73 !!!’, added another amazed fan. ‘Vera Wang seems immortal with her sultry youthful look at BAFTAs! If I could look half of what she looks likes, it’d be something’, another tweeted. Netflix’s anti-war epic All Quiet On The Western Front leads the pack with 14 nominations for this year’s Baftas. The Banshees Of Inisherin, starring Colin Farrell, and Everything Everywhere All At Once, featuring Michelle Yeoh, follow close behind with 10 nominations each. The night could see Irish star Farrell take home the first Bafta of his 25-year career. He is nominated in the best actor in a leading role category for the first time but faces tough opposition from Austin Butler for Elvis, Brendan Fraser for The Whale, Paul Mescal for Aftersun, Bill Nighy for Living and Daryl McCormack for Good Luck To You, Leo Grande. All Quiet On The Western Front, directed by German filmmaker Edward Berger and based on the 1929 novel of the same name by Erich Maria Remarque, is nominated for top gongs including best film, best director and best film not in the English language. It has equalled 2000’s Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon as the film not in the English language with the most nominations in Bafta history. The Banshees Of Inisherin and its cast of Irish talent are being touted as potential big winners of the night. The film, set on a remote island off the coast of Ireland, sees Farrell’s character devastated when his friend, played by Brendan Gleeson, puts an end to their lifelong friendship. This year’s Baftas ceremony has moved to the Royal Festival Hall from its previous location of the Royal Albert Hall, which had hosted the show since 2017. The Prince and Princess of Wales will attend for the first time in three years. The Bafta Film Awards are this year hosted by Richard E Grant. MORE : Cate Blanchett, Colin Farrell and Paul Mescal show their support for refugees on Baftas red carpet as Regé-Jean Page calls for genderless categories MORE : Jamie Lee Curtis, 64, returns to Baftas 40 years after scooping first award, with Everything Everywhere All At Once nominated for 10 gongs   You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 