To most people in the UK, Shrove Tuesday means a lovely pile of warm pancakes for breakfast, saturated with lemon juice or maple syrup. But in the town of Atherstone in Warwickshire, the only ‘batter’ locals worry about is battering the opposing team in a brutal game of medieval football. The traditional Atherstone Ball Game, which has now been running for more than eight centuries, involves hundreds of people brawling for possession of a large ball. Unsurprisingly, it has a tendency to turn violent, as pictures from this year’s event – the 823rd – demonstrate. Shopfronts around the small town are boarded up in preparation for the Ball Game, and it is clear to see why. Things may start off relatively calm when the ball is first tossed down to the crowd at 3pm, but as the clock ticks towards the end of the game at 5pm, it gets a bit feisty. Luckily for the participants, one of the few specified rules is that you’re not allowed to kill anyone. A post on the official Atherstone Ball Game Facebook page earlier today read: ‘For anybody wishing to participate or spectate you do so at your own risk!!’ It continued: ‘Atherstone ball game will not be held accountable. Please listen to stewards at all times for the safety and well being of everyone!!!’ Yesterday, the organisers posted to say they ‘strongly advise that alcohol or substance consumption is not recommended’ before or during the event – and warned that anyone found under the influence would be removed. The ball game dates back to 1199 and has been played almost every year since, carrying on even during the Black Death and the two world wars. In fact, it has only been cancelled once: two years ago, when the nation was still under severe restrictions to stop the spread of Covid. This year, the water-filled ball featured a special message marking the accession of King Charles and a ribbon in memory of the late Queen. The honour of launching the ball to start the game fell to a local ‘legend’ named Gaz Jackson. The Coventry Telegraph reported that two hours later, as the whistle was blown to mark the end of the game, it was in the hands of a man named Kieran Marshall. As the winner of the brutal contest, he will get to take the ball home for his prize. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.