Katie Price has been told Metropolitan Police are under investigation for allegedly sharing ‘disgusting content’ about her son Harvey Price. The star is mum to Harvey, 20, who has Prader-Willi Syndrome, autism and is blind. Katie has now been contacted by the Met Police to let her know officers are under investigation for allegedly targeting her disabled son in a WhatsApp group posting ‘inappropriate and discriminatory’ images of him. She took to Instagram on Friday to say she had been hand-delivered a letter from an officer which states a ‘number’ of officers are alleged to ‘being part of a WhatsApp group chat that has posted inappropriate and discriminatory image of your son, Harvey Price. ‘The officers will now be subject to a Gross Misconduct Hearing’ due to take place on February 20, the letter reads. Sharing the shocking letter, Katie said: ‘It’s disgusting that police officers from here have felt the need to laugh and use disgusting content on Harvey by creating a [WhatsApp] group.’ ‘They need to be named shamed and exposed.’ She added that she would be away and would not be able to attend court but would have otherwise. In a refer notice regarding the hearing, the allegations are understood to concern the officers’ membership of a WhatsApp group between 2016 and 2018. They are alleged to have posted ‘discriminatory content attacking the protected characteristics of race, religion or belief, disability, sexual orientation and sex’ in the form of messages, memes and videos. Contacted by Metro.co.uk, a representative for the Met were unable to give further detail due to the upcoming misconduct hearing. The alleged breaches to the Standards of Professional Behaviour relate to Discreditable Conduct, Authority, Respect and Courtesy, Challenging and Reporting Improper Conduct, Equality and Diversity and Duties and Responsibilities. Eight officers are due in court on Monday in relation to the allegations that their conduct amounted to breaches of the Standards of Professional Behaviour: PS Luke Thomas, Former A/PS Luke Allen, former PC Kelsey Buchan, former PC Carlo Francisco, former PC Lee South, former PC Darren Jenner, PC Glynn Rees, and’ Officer B. The hearing will begin from 10am Monday morning and is listed for four days. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Dan Whiston desperate to get Katie Price on the show: ‘People wouldn’t know what had hit them’ MORE : Katie Price debuts hair transformation while shopping with Bunny and Jett in Bangkok 