Charles Foster, who worked as a continuity announcer for ITV’s Granada Television, has died, it’s been reported. From the 1970s to the 1990s, Foster was one of the faces of Granada Television, now known as ITV Granada, which is broadcast across the North West of England and the Isle of Man. As well as his role on the channel, he also starred in several TV programmes as an actor throughout his career, including Crown Court and the soaps Coronation Street and Emmerdale. He provided the voiceover on ITV’s Judge Rinder, while also working on Catchphrase and The Krypton Factor, ITV reported. Rob Jaskowski, a producer on Granada Reports, remembered how ‘nice’ Foster was when he met him in person, describing the late star as a ‘true inspiration’. ‘I remember being star stuck on my first day at Granada on work placement in 1984 when I sat with him in the canteen at Quay Street,’ he said. ‘He was great to chat with and a true inspiration. Condolences to his family and friends.’ TV presenter and journalist Steve Saul wrote: ‘Sorry to hear the reports of the death of former Granada TV continuity announcer and voiceover Charles Foster. ‘Along with Colin Weston and Jim Pope they were the friendly face of ITV when I was growing up. I would have loved to have been an in-vision continuity announcer.’ Another fan wrote: ‘After Dickie Davies, another North West legend has left us this week. Charles Foster was a very familiar sight on Granada TV in the 80s. ‘Always a charming and comforting presence in one’s living room. Time for us to wish you goodnight now, Charles. Farewell, sir.’ Someone else described Foster as ‘The Voice of Granada’ stating: ‘Be it in the North West, or on the network, on game shows, promos & so on. ‘And of course, that unmistakable avuncular on-camera presence.’ Another person who wanted to honour Foster’s memory wrote: ‘One of the voices of my childhood and youth growing up in the north west. ‘His soft velvety tones announcing “This is Granada…” made you feel like the channel and the programmes coming up next were put on just for you. RIP Charles Foster.’ Foster was married to actress Meg Johnson, who’s starred in soaps including Corrie, Brookside and Emmerdale. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Celebrated Canadian actor Gordon Pinsent, star of Away From Her, dies aged 92 MORE : Madonna’s brother Anthony Ciccone dies aged 66 