Breaking through uncertainty is key now nebulous Neptune is in the mix. Gemini may need to set firmer boundaries when dealing with a situation that is taking up their psychic energy while, for Cancer, confirming details will save them from embarrassment. Capricorn could be on the receiving end of mixed messages, so they could also benefit from the act of double-checking. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 6, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Mercury in ambitious Capricorn aligns with mystical Neptune, so you may be dreaming of something you can’t have. But you could use this aspect in a more productive way to bring to life an idea you’ve been mulling over. This might involve some practical steps and a little planning. But combine them with your resourceful imagination, and you could go very far, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may be drawn into someone’s world, and find that you resonate with a cause that is important to them. And perhaps you’re ready to volunteer or participate, by getting involved in a practical way. At the same time, a more restless vibe could be a call to explore your unique interests further. It doesn’t matter what others think, it’s what feels good to you that counts. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Your psychological sector is in focus, so if you’re keen to tie up loose ends and erase elements of your life that no longer work, then you are on track. From today though, a subtle aspect may inspire you to get real. You might be ready to deal with an issue that is taking up too much energy, and it’s likely because you won’t say “no”. Now is the time to set firmer boundaries. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 If your intuition tells you to check the time of an appointment or meeting, it’s a good idea to do it. With Mercury linking to hazy Neptune, affirming the details could save you from an embarrassing situation. While you don’t usually miss a trick, the present set-up hints there is a tendency for mixed messages. Get it right, and you’ll be there to snap up any opportunities. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If you needed a boost to help your career to flourish, then a lingering emphasis on a prominent sector can do the trick. If you find yourself in the spotlight, be willing to strut your stuff, and you’ll draw many admirers. Want to impress? Accentuating your unique qualities could get the right kind of attention from those who can help you secure a promotion or career shift, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Uncertain what to make of someone? You won’t actually know until you get chatting to them, Virgo. A subtle Mercury/Neptune alignment is an opportunity to bust those misleading ideas and find out the truth. You may find they are not at all like you imagined. Keen to pool your talents for a creative project? If so, inspiring conversations can lead to some highly imaginative ideas. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may wish things were different Libra, but this isn’t enough to actually change them. If you want your life to be transformed, you’ll need to act. The current line-up suggests you might either do something on the spur of the moment or hope for the best. You’ll have a better chance if you have a clear idea of what you want, and make a practical plan that will get you there. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The conversations you have and promises you make can tie you into all kinds of arrangements, so be sure that they work for you before getting too involved. You could also find yourself in the role of mediator, as others look to you to help them solve their most pressing issues. Need to handle a personal issue of your own? Thinking out of the box could help solve it, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 If someone tells you something can’t be done, then don’t believe them. Mercury in grounded Capricorn, suggests that you’ll prove them wrong if you’re willing to have a go. Just don’t let their beliefs influence you. If you know what you want to accomplish, then you’ll do very well. Distractions could override your determination at times though, so try to avoid them, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Don’t believe everything you hear, even if it’s from someone who claims to be an expert. Mercury’s alignment with slippery Neptune, can coincide with mixed messages and misunderstandings, so whatever someone tells you check for yourself that it’s sound. If you use unreliable information, it could cause a setback, and you’ll need to spend time putting it right. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 With dealmaker Mercury forging an aspect with nebulous Neptune, money can seem an ethereal concept. Before you purchase anything, consider your financial position. Plus, how do you know that an item or service is all it’s made out to be? It could be painted in a wonderful light, which may be far from the truth. Ready for some self-care? Invest in a spa or massage session. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If you’ve been busy with networking for pleasure and business, then a lively focus on your sector of connection brings good news. If you enjoy meeting new people, you’ll be in your element and the conversations you have could be game-changers too, Pisces. Plus, the coming days may bring an encounter with someone who has influence, and can put in a good word for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 5 to February 11