The dad of a missing aristocrat wants police to investigate a Nigerian cult which he says ‘brainwashed’ her. Napier Marten, 63, believes looking into the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), in Lagos, may provide answers about where his daughter is. Constance Marten, 35, spent six months at the ‘cult’ in 2006 and 2007 and was reportedly traumatised throughout her time there. The new mum is currently on the run with her baby and her 48-year-old boyfriend Mark Gordon. Gordon, a British-born man who had moved to America with his family in 1989, raped and assaulted a woman when he was 14. He served a 20-year sentence before being deported back to the UK in 2010 where he would have had to sign on to the Sex Offenders’ Register. Friends of Constance have now revealed further details about the aristocrat’s background and her history with SCOAN. She was forced to do ‘intense’ work and had to eat the leftovers of the church’s controversial leader TB Joshua, friends quoted by The Independent claim. At one point, Constance was apparently placed in social exile as punishment for not being ‘focused enough’ on the charismatic leader. The aristocrat eventually left the church but said she was left traumatised, and reportedly questioning her Christian faith. Now her dad, a former page to the late Queen, has called on officers to look into the SCOAN as part of their search for Constance. Napier Martin has previously made desperate pleas for his daughter to return home. Constance grew up on her family’s Crichel House estate in Dorset, which was put on the market for £100million in 2010. She met Gordon in 2016, while Constance was in acting school, and she soon cut ties with her family and dropped out of university. The pair have been missing since January 5. Their vehicle broke down near junction four of the M61, near Bolton, and they were spotted buying camping equipment from Argos in east London two days later. Constance had very recently given birth and neither she nor the baby have been assessed by medical professionals. Both her parents have used the media to appeal directly to her, with her dad promising to ‘stand by her’ if she turns herself in so ‘police can protect her and her child’. Constance’s mum also issued an emotional plea, telling her daughter: ‘You are not alone in this situation. We will support you in whatever way we can.’ Anyone with information has been encouraged to come forward. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.