This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. If you’ve got pets, you’re in luck at Aldi this week. There’s also a whole host of products for the kitchen, from colanders to hand blenders. This is a handy tool for after walkies – it dries and brushes your pet’s fur at the same time. It’s lightweight with a long power cable for one-handed operation, and it’ll save you heaps of time cleaning up after your dog. Buy for £19.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Keep your home free of pet hair and dander (or at least as close as you’re getting with a furry friend running around) using this vacuum. It features a multi-cyclonic system, additional brush tools and a telescopic extension tube to make light work of dirt. Buy for £49.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. Or, you could always kick it old school with this fluffy drying glove. When your pet gets in, wipe them down – its absorbent chenille material will soak up moisture and clean off muddy paws in no time. Buy for £7.99 on the Aldi website and in stores now. This gadget makes three snack favourites: waffles, doughnuts and brownies. Switch between the detachable non-stick coated cooking plates, turn it on, then wait for the automatic temperature controls will do the rest. Buy for £24.99 on the Aldi website now, and in stores from Sunday February 19. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : ‘I haven’t bought new clothes in 20 years – I even buy second-hand underwear’ MORE : Boots shoppers are raving about these anti-ageing tanning drops