People travelling to visit Jeremy Clarkson’s Diddly Squat Farm Shop might have been left slightly confused when they passed by a certain sign on the road. The wording of the sign had been changed ever so slightly to include a NSFW term – but the host of the Amazon Prime Video TV series appeared to take the vandalism on the chin. The 62-year-old shared a photo of the signpost on Instagram, remarking that ‘someone’s been busy in the night’. Rather than point drivers towards ‘Diddly Squat Farm Shop’, it instead directed them to ‘Diddly T**t Farm Shop’ – a half-rhyme of the original word. Whoever altered the sign was undeniably very skilled at doing so, changing the wording while making the notice look as though it hadn’t been touched. One of Clarkson’s Instagram followers joked that they thought that it was his Grand Tour co-star Richard Hammond, while another light-heartedly suggested their other colleague on the show, James May. ‘Please keep it!! Such good advertisement!!’ someone else quipped, while another wrote: ‘Excellent craftsmanship tbf.’ One person pointed out that ‘any publicity is publicity’, while others showered Clarkson with praise for the latest season of Clarkson’s Farm. The presenter’s Clarkson’s Farm co-star Kaleb Cooper even chimed in, commenting: ‘Haha! That’s so funny.’ The TV personality issued an apology after causing offence during an episode of his series, when he called Oxfordshire villagers ‘morons’. One villager told him: ‘You’ve described us as morons. You said, “Every village has one moron, I have six.” I don’t want to be called a moron and I think you should apologise for that.’ Clarkson replied: ‘You don’t sound moronic at all and your points are valid,’ while taking part in a Q&A event. Despite the recent controversy of his atrocious column about Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex – which became the most-complained-about-article ever at Ipso (Independent Press Standards Organisation), Clarkson’s Farm season two broke viewing records. According to audience measurement company Barb, the season two premiere was watched by nearly 4.3million viewers, Deadline reported. The figure beat the Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power premiere, which attracted 3.2m viewers in September last year. Clarkson’s Farm season 2 is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Clarkson’s Farm star Kaleb Cooper would love to do I’m A Celebrity – but there’s a catch MORE : Jeremy Clarkson refuses to apologise for telling dyslexic barrister ‘learn to spell’ because he ‘never mentioned it’ 