Busta Rhymes angrily reacted to a fan’s antics as he attempted to leave an airport earlier this week in Las Vegas. Footage emerged following the incident that captured the rapper flinging his drink at a female fan after she attempt to grab his bottom while he walked away from the crowd. The overzealous fan was filmed as she edged closer to the star waiting for a gap in his entourage so she could seemingly launch herself at the musician. Spotting her opportunity, the eager supporter lurched forward and grabbed Busta’s behind before hurrying away as if she was keen not to get caught. The 50-year-old however swiftly turned around to face the fan and launched the remained of his drink at her as she made for the exit. Fans of the I Know What You Want hitmaker took to social media following the video’s circulation and expressed their disbelief at the woman’s audacity to invade the artist’s personal space. ‘Whoa, that was inappropriate,’ one exclaimed while another wrote: ‘you clearly have no boundaries’. ‘I can’t blame him. He didn’t physically touch her, & she initiated the unwarranted contact. He has a right to be upset [sic],’ a supporter shared on seeing the clip. Following the incident, the fan in question – Nikita Mathis – responded to the video in a statement to The Shade Room. She said: ‘I didn’t mean to touch his behind honestly I was just happy to meet him and wanted a pic, [I’ve] been a long-time fan. ‘I admit I shouldn’t have touch him at all but he’s BUSTA. I felt like I could possibly get a pic’. Busta’s fan encounter came after he was praised for the Grammys Hip Hop 50 tribute performance on February 5 at the Los Angeles ceremony. The Brooklyn rap icon was part of the showcase – alongside his longtime friend Spliff Star – that saw him perform his much-loved verse on Chris Brown’s Look At Me Now. He also gave Slick Rick flowers at a pre-Grammy celebration ahead of being awarded a Lifetime Achievement Award. ‘This the Godfather. Lifetime Achievement Grammy, the win is secured. Say that sh*t in unison,’ the musician said about the honouree ahead of receiving the award at the 65th Annual Grammy Awards. Recently, Busta paid tribute to his late friend Trugoy – one-third of the famous De La Soul – who passed away at the age of 54 on February 12. In an Instagram post that showed a picture of the star, he penned: ‘Complete Disbelief that I’m typing this right now. This one hurts Bad. Dave aka Trugoy the Dove Fly Beloved Fly.. Rest Easy King [sic]’. Metro.co.uk contacted Busta’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Smith and Kim Petras’ Grammys performance sparks ‘Satanic’ complaints MORE : Lizzo reveals Adele’s real reaction to Harry Styles’ Grammy win – and she looks pretty shocked  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 