The Traitors star Amos Ogunkoya has opened up about the emotional tolls of the epic gameshow, but admitted at times, he ‘couldn’t connect’ with his co-stars when they sobbed over ‘murders’ in the game, having seen actual death during his career as a doctor. Amos starred alongside the likes of Alex Gray, Kieran Tompsett and Amanda Lovett on Claudia Winkleman’s game show, which saw Faithfuls Aaron Evans, Meryl Williams and Hannah Byczkowski take home the £101,050 jackpot. The first twist in the murder-mystery game surprised the contestants on day one, when Kieran and Amos considered themselves to be lowly ranked amongst their team, and Claudia ‘banished’ them from the remaining challenges. Or so we thought. A shocking challenge saw Amos and Kieran return, having stayed hidden away from the contestants in the Scottish castle. But ultimately, Amos was ‘murdered’ in the depths of night, which one contestant, Andrea Addison, found particularly difficult, after the pair sparked an unlikely and adorable friendship. However, Amos found it difficult to emotionally engage in the ‘murders’ as some of his castmates, telling Metro.co.uk that having seen ‘actual deaths’, he felt less of an impact. He said: ‘The game is all about keeping your peace of mind, and everyone who had been in the castle from the start was so immersed by this point. It’s so dislocated from reality; it means emotions run much higher, with people getting more aggressive, defensive, and insecure than they would in everyday life. ‘I’m quite objective and like to see things as they are – not how I want them to be – so I was able to take a step back. ‘To be honest, I think the people who were most impacted by the show were those with acting history. They got so fully into it. ‘Take the breakfast scenes for example. Every morning, half the room would burst into sobs, crying about someone being ‘murdered’. ‘But, like, I’ve seen actual death as a doctor. I couldn’t connect emotionally in the same way because I knew it wasn’t real. That this person was just going to be sent back to their normal life. ‘It meant that when I was killed off, I wasn’t gutted or anything. I logically knew it was going to happen – I’m a smart guy and was a threat to the traitors, so why wouldn’t they kill me at some point?’ Elsewhere, Amos spoke about watching the cast grieve his own ‘death’, with Andrea reduced to tears as she took his portrait with her. ‘I’m aware of what actual death is, so when someone was murdered, it wasn’t that deep. It was really strange,’ he said. He continued, talking about watching their reaction to finding out he got murdered and was no longer a part of the game: ‘That was one of the nicest moments ever. ‘Genuinely, because, with my mental health in the past, I think sometimes when you’re really low and you think you wouldn’t care if you woke up the next day, to see that people do care, and like Andrea carrying my picture around and Kieran bawling his eyes out, that for me was a really nice moment. ‘There’s been moments in my life where I feel that no one gives a crap if I wake up tomorrow, and that was a really nice moment, even if people care that I fake died, it was a really horrible moment for them to watch but for me, I teared up a little bit.’ The Traitors is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Back to Reality: The Traitors’ Amos Ogunkoya on depression, friendship and how he knew Wilf’s identity from the start MORE : ‘I was on The Traitors US and this is how it really compares to the UK version’ 