Google’s market value plunged by more than £100,000,000,000 this week after its new chatbot got the answer wrong to a question featured in a promo video. Chief executive Sundar Pichai said the tool, named Bard, would allow Google to answer questions in a more intelligent way that went beyond just providing basic factual information But in a short GIF video of the product in action on Twitter, it fluffed the answer. In the advert, the chatbot is given the prompt: ‘What new discoveries from the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) can I tell my 9-year old about?’ Bard responds with a number of answers, including one suggesting the JWST was used to take the very first pictures of a planet outside the Earth’s solar system, or exoplanets. The first pictures of exoplanets were, however, taken by the European Southern Observatory’s Very Large Telescope (VLT) in 2004, as confirmed by NASA. The Bard ad has been viewed on Twitter more than a million times. Parent company Alphabet Inc’s share price slid by as much as 9% following the error, knocking more than £100,000,000,000 off the firm’s market value. The mistake was discovered just before the presentation by Google, based in Mountain View, California. Gil Luria, senior software analyst at D.A. Davidson, said that ‘while Google has been a leader in AI innovation over the last several years, they seemed to have fallen asleep on implementing this technology into their search product’. He added: ‘Google has been scrambling over the last few weeks to catch up on Search and that caused the announcement Tuesday to be rushed and the embarrassing mess up of posting a wrong answer during their demo.’ At its lowest point on Wednesday Alphabet was trading at £81.16, a fall of 8.1% on Tuesday’s price £88.35. That represented the biggest one-day fall in Alphabet’s value since October 2022. Investors were also left underwhelmed by an uninspiring presentation about the company’s plans to deploy AI in its products. It contrasted with a much more polished and well-reviewed showcase of Microsoft’s plans to incorporate an already popular chatbot, ChatGPT, into its Bing search engine — long a distant second to Google’s de facto gateway to the internet. CFRA analyst Angelo Zino said: ‘It’s not like this is the end of the world for Google and Microsoft is going to eat its lunch in search. ‘But ChatGPT is showing there is possible threat and that is causing a lot of fear.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.