Towie star Amy Childs revealed she was being targeted by online trolls who claimed she was already favouring her unborn twins over her four-year-old son Ritchie. The 32-year-old mum of two is expecting twins with her boyfriend Billy Debosq, 39, and also shares daughter Polly, 5, with a former partner. Ritchie was born during a separate relationship the star had with an ex also named Ritchie, who prefers to keep his life private. Despite regularly appearing as an upbeat, bubbly character on the ITV reality show through which she found her fame, the famous face revealed nasty social media comments were beginning to take their toll. Amy keeps her little boy away from the limelight due to an agreement she has with his father that she wouldn’t show their child’s face. The star has since shared the abuse she receives over Ritchie’s absence from her influencer-like content that documents her everyday life and admitted trolls claimed she loved her daughter and unborn twins more. Posing alongside the five-year-old tot, Amy updates fans on Polly’s progress as well as her pregnancy regularly on her platforms. She told OK! magazine: ‘Ritch is so much like me and I’d love to show him on socials, but we have an agreement with his dad. ‘If Ritchie wants to be on social media when he gets older, that’s absolutely fine. So yeah, it does get me down, because I get constant messages from people saying, “You love your daughter, these twins are going to come and you’re going to love them much more than your son.” ‘People don’t know what goes on behind closed doors. It’s not nice.’ Last month, the star opened up about being mum-shamed on Instagram following a series of Q&A stories. Amy addressed the situation at the time, saying: ‘Okay so I’m going to address this once and for all, Richie my beautiful son lives with me. ‘My god he is so very handsome yet so bloody hard work. We decided to keep him off social media, which me and Richie’s dad decided on. ‘The amount of negative comments and horrible messages I get on a day-to-day basis isn’t very nice, but at home we are the most perfect family. ‘It sometimes gets me down the comments I get about not loving my son. [sic]’ Metro.co.uk contacted Amy’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Amy Childs taken to hospital after baby twins stopped kicking MORE : Amy Childs says she’s preparing for online trolls after revealing she won’t be breastfeeding her twins 