A Devon home packed with history is due to be auctioned with a guide price of £70,000. It seems like an absolute steal, but there’s just one small problem – small being the operative word. Ye Olde Toll House measures just two metres high, with the walls just covering the size of an average door. So if you’re over six feet, you may want to consider whether the bargain is worth a lifetime of crouching and bumping your head. If you’re on the shorter side however, it could be the perfect, pint-sized property for you. Located in the village of Newton Poppleford, Devon, it was originally built in 1758, making it 265 years old. The home boasts a porch and a living room with open attic space, along with a kitchen, shower room and bedroom. Exposed brickwork, a flagstone fireplace and hardwood beams inside the single storey property – which is offered freehold with vacant possession – add to its old world charm. Plus, it’s just a four-mile drive from the seaside town of Sidmouth, located on the picturesque Jurassic Coast that’s a hotspot for tourists. In the toll house’s listing, auctioneers Clive Emson claims it required ‘updating,’ but highlight its ‘unique’ and ‘charming’ features. It continues: ‘The property is likely to be of interest to a home owner or those looking for a lock-up and leave bolt hole. It could also be of interest to investment purchasers.’ The UK’s official smallest property is in Conwy, North Wales, at three metres tall and 1.8 metres wide. This place thankfully has a little more space internally, but has been dubbed Britain’s flattest house due to its super low ceilings. The yellow one level home is heading under the hammer with auctioneers Clive Emson on Wednesday February 8. Enquire to view or register to big on the Auction House’s website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I left my husband and kids at home to go on hot dates in Costa Rica MORE : Are you a social media widow? One in four Brits feel second best to a partner’s posting