A$AP Rocky was fully in dad-mode while supporting girlfriend Rihanna at the Super Bowl, with the rapper taking charge of caring for their baby boy. It was a momentous night for Rihanna, 34, who returned to the stage for the first time in over six years to headline the NFL’s halftime show, and also revealed she was pregnant with her second child. The Diamonds singer welcomed her first child, a boy, with partner Rocky, 34, in May 2022 but they are yet to reveal his name. After the excitement of the night, Rocky – real name Rakim Mayers – was spotted leaving the State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona with their baby boy cradled in his arms. The nine-month-old’s face wasn’t visible but he seemed to be in chirpy spirits with his rapper dad full of laughs. They were joined by Jay Z and his daughter Blue Ivy and Rocky was seen cracking jokes with the rap legend as they exited the venue. Problems hitmaker Rocky certainly has plenty to laugh and smile about these days as he prepares to welcome another child. Rihanna hinted at her pregnancy during her halftime show performance with her red jumpsuit left unzipped to reveal her baby bump. She went on to deliver a full-throttle show flanked by a fleet of dancers as she performed some of her biggest hits, including Diamonds, We Found Love and All Of The Lights, while also being suspended in the air. It was only days ago that Rihanna opened up on what it was like to rehearse for the Super Bowl just months after giving birth. Speaking at an NFL press conference before the performance, the Wild Thoughts singer said: ‘I was like, “You sure? I’m three months postpartum. Should I be making major decisions like this right now? I might regret this”. ‘When you become a mum, there’s something that just happens where you feel like you could take on the world — you can do anything.’ She continued: ‘And the Super Bowl is one of the biggest stages in the world, so as scary as that was … there’s something exhilarating about the challenge of it all. It’s important for my son to see that.’ Rihanna shared the first glimpse of her son in December, launching her TikTok account with a cute video of the tot pulling faces and smiling in a car. She began dating Rocky in 2019 after several years of friendship, and they went public with their relationship the following year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 