Volodymyr Zelensky has proclaimed victory over Russia ‘will change the world’ in his historic address to Parliament. He called for ‘wings for freedom’ as he gifted a helmet from a Ukrainian fighter pilot to Britain. It was inscribed with the words: ‘We have freedom, give us wings to protect it.’ Giving a speech at Westminster Hall, Zelensky spoke of how bravery ‘rewards victory’ and issued a personal thanks to former prime minister Boris Johnson. He added: ‘We know freedom will win. We know Russia will lose and this will change the world. ‘I appeal to you and the world with simple and yet most important words: combat aircraft for Ukraine, wings for freedom. ‘London has stood with Kyiv since day one, from the first seconds and minutes of the full-scale war, Great Britain you extended your helping hand when the world had not yet come to understand how to react. ‘Boris: you got others united when it seemed absolutely impossible. You didn’t compromise Ukraine and hence you didn’t compromise your ideals and thus you didn’t compromise the spirit of these great islands.’ The Ukrainian leader’s visit to London comes as Vladimir Putin faces further humiliating losses on the battlefield. Zelensky also spoke of meeting members of the Royal Family, visiting Westminster and the Churchill War Rooms. He recalled how he was offered to sit down on a chair in the war rooms – and remembered having a feeling he ‘only now’ understands. As his speech took a darker turn, he made reference to the Kremlin and Vladimir Putin. ‘Evil is still around around today and the battle continues,’ he added. ‘Yes, we know how it’s going to end and how we are going to feel on the day victory comes. Every day we continue to pay with lives. ‘Pain and tears for bringing victory closer, with the lives of our people, our heroes, whom we lose in battles, with the lives of our heroes who take life and death risks every day to save as many of our soldiers and civilians as possible.’ Earlier, the leader had thanked Britain for its ‘big support from the first days of full-scale invasion’ as he met with Rishi Sunak. Speaking in No 10’s White Room ahead of bilateral talks with Rishi Sunak, the Ukrainian President said: ‘Thank you so much Rishi for inviting me and for me great honour to be here in Britain. ‘And thanks Britain for society first of all for your big support from the first days of full-scale invasion.’ The prime minister tweeted a picture of the pair earlier today, with the Tory leader embracing his Ukrainian counterpart at Stansted. He said: ‘President Zelensky’s visit to the UK is a testament to his country’s courage, determination and fight, and a testament to the unbreakable friendship between our two countries. ‘I am proud that today we will expand that training from soldiers to marines and fighter jet pilots, ensuring Ukraine has a military able to defend its interests well into the future. ‘It also underlines our commitment to not just provide military equipment for the short term, but a long-term pledge to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Ukraine for years to come.’ Mr Zelensky added that the two leaders would continue their dialogue which he said was ‘very important for security of our country and of the course the security for the world’. The UK has announced a fresh package of sanctions on Russian firms and allies of Mr Putin to coincide with Mr Zelensky’s surprise visit. CST, a manufacturer of Russian drones and RT-Komplekt, which produces parts for helicopters used in the war against Ukraine, are among the entities sanctioned. Five individuals linked to Putin’s luxury residences, including presidential commissioner for entrepreneurs’ rights Boris Titov and Aerostart owner Viktor Myachin, were also hit with travel bans and asset freezes. Foreign Secretary James Cleverly said: ‘These new sanctions accelerate the economic pressure on Putin – undermining his war machine to help Ukraine prevail. ‘I am determined, consistent with our laws, that Russia will have no access to the assets we have frozen until it ends, once and for all, its threats to Ukraine’s territorial sovereignty and integrity.’ Prime minister Rishi Sunak also confirmed training for Ukrainian pilots on UK combat aircraft. Britain has agreed to provide 14 Challenger 2 tanks, but No.10 has so far resisted demands to supply F-35 and Typhoon jets, claiming training could take five years. It said British fighter jets could be supplied in the ‘long term’. But Mr Johnson – fresh from declaring a £2.5million advance for US lectures – put pressure on the PM, insisting jets will ‘turn the tide of war’. He added: ‘We have more than 100 Typhoons and more than 100 Challenger 2 tanks. ‘The best single use for any of these items is to deploy them now for the protection of the Ukrainians – not least because that is how we guarantee our own long-term security.’ Mr Zelensky and Mr Sunak later flew by helicopter to Lulworth Camp, Dorset, to meet Ukrainian troops being trained on the tanks by the British Army. They were given medals by their president. Hours after assuring Mr Zelenksy Britain would support Ukraine ‘to ensure a decisive military victory on the battlefield this year’, Mr Sunak promised his troops: ‘We will be there until the end and you are victorious.’ The news comes as Vladimir Putin faces further losses on the battlefield as the war wages on. According to local reports, he has lost yet another general. Formerly retired Major-General Dmitry Ulyanov, 44, returned to active service as a commander in Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. But he was killed in a firefight by a Ukrainian sabotage group earlier this week, reports claim. Ulyanov was previously a top paratrooper, and commander of the elite 98th Guards Airborne Division. Zelensky visited America in December on a poignant trip out Ukraine, when he told Congress 2023 would be ‘turning point’ in the war. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.