Most mothers will tell you that giving birth is nothing like the movies. The baby doesn’t simply slip out. They don’t automatically swaddle the child in blankets. In fact, every notion you had about birth is probably wrong. There are many taboos when it comes to the moment you bring a child into the world. One of the most undiscussed is the ‘poo issue’. When Molly Mae Hague recently shared her birth story on her YouTube channel, she was candid about her bowel movements. ‘It did actually feel like I was doing a poo,’ she said. ‘And by the way, did I poo in birth? Yes, I did, I think. ‘The doctors were like, “oh no you haven’t, don’t worry about it” but I’m 99.9% sure I could smell it.’ In her honestly, Molly Mae was met with praise from other mothers for shedding light on a normal, yet hidden, element of birth. However, others were slightly horrified at the truth. For future mums, giving birth is daunting enough without feeling ashamed for a natural part of the process – because of course you poo. The same muscles used when having a bowel movement are the same ones engaged when pushing in labour, so it isn’t a question of ‘if’ but ‘when.’ If you are currently nervously tensing, please know that on the day, it isn’t the most important thing to come out of you. So, to help break the stigma around the birthing number two, we asked five mothers to share their stories. Here they discuss what they learned and what they wish they knew. And most importantly, they reveal that not one person in the room cared about the poo. ‘I wish I had known that poo can occur during childbirth without you realising. I spent quite a few years thinking I had escaped this somewhat embarrassing situation. ‘However, that was until my husband announced it in front of several people that he had gotten rid of a poo from the birthing pool with a sieve. I didn’t even know. ‘Apparently, the midwife gave him a stern look and silently told him it was not OK to tell me while giving birth. Nowadays, I tell other mums that a bit of poo is the least of anyone’s worries or cares in that moment. ‘It doesn’t matter because your birth partner is so in awe of you bringing a new life into the world, and so happy that it’s not them going through it. ‘As a new mum, poo becomes a pretty normal thing. Plus, for me as a dietitian, it’s something I talk about everyday too.’ ‘Truthfully, you don’t know as much as you think about birth until you go through it. The first time, I thought I knew it all, but turns out I knew nothing. Then on the second time, I was better prepared. ‘What I will say is books are useless and turn off One Born Every Minute and Call the Midwife. Delete any birthing scenes in your mind. Educate yourself, understand that “no” is a full sentence, and do your pelvic floor exercises. ‘When it comes to poo, more people should talk about it. My baby decided to poo while she was being born too. A horror show isn’t enough to describe it. I don’t know how my poor husband can look me in the eye. But all modesty, prudishness and embarrassment is left at the door. You don’t care. All you care about is your baby. ‘And at the end of the day, your husband, the nurses or your midwives don’t care about the number two situation. So, neither should you.’ ‘As a vegan pregnancy dietitian and a mum of two girls, I have both personal and professional experience of poo during birth. ‘With my first daughter, I had an epidural and didn’t really know it was happening. I simple noticed that the midwife kept changing the pad under me. ‘Then with my second daughter, I knew and I could smell it. When you go into labour your body naturally wants to get everything out, but I’m guessing not everything was out. I remember my husband’s face, and then the midwife very discretely changing the white pad under me and not making a fuss. ‘However, it was not something I had been told about during my antenatal chats. My daughters are now 12 and 9, and because of my job and experience, poo is a daily topic of discussion. ‘I ensure that I chat with mums about pooing during labour but also poo in the postnatal period. There is a feeling that the whole world is going to fall out after delivery. It is an awful feeling and again, no one mentioned it to me. My mission now is to empower and educate women on pregnancy and the postnatal period and rid the taboos.’ ‘Honestly, it is not as bad as people think. The midwives and nurses wipe it away immediately so there is no fuss, no muss. Your birthing partner can see it, but remember, they see a lot worse than that. ‘To be very detailed about it, the poo is small and frequent while you are pushing and pushing. And anyway, beforehand your body makes you do a big one. It just knows. ‘The passing of the placenta was a much more uncomfortable experience for me. It was the strangest sensation.’ ‘I knew all along it was going to happen. I had heard about it so I blocked it out. And when it came to my delivery, I had already been in labour for three days. I was sick of it. I didn’t give one damn about poo and neither did the midwives. So, don’t dwell on it too much. ‘Also, a nurse friend once told me: “A good midwife will never tell you if you pooed during birth.”‘ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From treats for the kids to slashing parking ticket costs, everyday hacks that’ll save you money MORE : Woman who always dreamed of being a single mum becomes solo parent at 30 MORE : Mum gives birth to twins who were conceived five days apart after getting pregnant while already pregnant