Prince Andrew is planning to follow Harry and Meghan’s example and could start a new life over in America, reports say. The deluded Duke is said to be keeping a close eye on the couple after being told by palace officials there’s no way back for him. King Charles wants Andrew to keep a ‘low profile’ to protect the image of the Monarch from further disdain. Andrew was stripped of his titles by the late Queen last January and has been shunned by much of his family. But he’s still thought to be consulting his lawyers about overturning his multi-million pound settlement with sex abuse accuser Virginia Giuffre. It comes after she dropped a lawsuit against late paedophile Jeffrey Epstein’s lawyer Alan Dershowitz, having admitted she ‘may have made a mistake’. An insider told The Sun: ‘Andrew is less bothered than people think about losing his titles and official royal roles. ‘He is thinking about how he can forge a new career. ‘He has been keenly keeping an eye on everything Harry and Meghan have been doing in America. ‘They have managed to set up a new working life away from the royal family and that is something Andrew has been following very, very closely. He is very interested in the businesses and charity side of things, rather than doing anything on Netflix.’ Andrew has been quite the jet-setter in recent months, mixing with pals in oil-rich Bahrain as he clings onto the hope of a good life beyond royalty. He’s also looking to resemble a communications team who might be able to spin his public image to become more positive. He lost his communications officer who had worked for Andrew over two years. Meanwhile, Harry has demanded a summit with Charles before deciding whether he goes to his dad’s coronation or not. Sources close to the couple said neither the King nor William has bothered speaking directly to Harry and Meghan about their attendance, with RSVPs expected before the start of April. If they do make it to the event, they will be included as part of the 2,000-strong congregation, but Harry will be snubbed out of any special role. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.