Mason Greenwood has ‘secretly met up’ with some of his Manchester United teammates in efforts to ‘rekindle relationships’ at the club. The 21-year-old was arrested in January 2022 amid allegations surrounding images and videos that appeared on social media and has not played for the club since. Earlier this month, charges of attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and one count of assault occasioning actual bodily harm were dropped with United now holding their own internal investigation. Greenwood denies the charges. While the striker will not play or train for United while the investigation takes place, The Sun report he has reached out to players with hopes of rescuing his career at the club. A source told the newspaper: ‘He’s reached out to some of the United players, some of them he’s known since his academy days. ‘They’ve met up with him in private to hear him out so they can make their own mind up.’ Previous reports have indicated the United dressing room is split on Greenwood’s future at the club. Another source told The Sun: ‘There is a level of sympathy for someone who is innocent in the eyes of the law and a long-standing teammate. ‘But the players are absolutely focused on keeping this juggernaut on the road.’ United are enjoying a much-improved campaign under Erik ten Hag this season, fighting on four fronts having already booked their place in the Carabao Cup final at the end of the month. Members of United’s women’s team meanwhile have expressed major concerns over the possibility of Greenwood returning to first-team training. United’s training base is shared by the men’s and women’s teams with some members of United Women reportedly unhappy over the prospect of Greenwood being recalled to first-team training. Female members of club staff would also object to his return. Greenwood has two years left on his current contract at Old Trafford with the option to extend that by a further 12 months. He made 129 appearances for his boyhood club before being suspended, scoring 35 goals. He made his one and only England appearance in September 2020. MORE : Manchester United Women players object to possibility of Mason Greenwood returning to first-team training MORE : Mason Greenwood set to miss remainder of the season as Manchester United weigh up three summer options For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 