Former England captain Michael Vaughan has joined calls for Australia cricket legend Shane Warne to replace the Queen on Australian banknotes. A portrait of the late Queen Elizabeth II appears on the current design of Australia’s five dollar note. But Australia’s central back announced this week that King Charles III will not feature on the new design. The Reserve Bank of Australia said the new design would pay tribute to ‘the culture and history’ of Indigenous Australians. ‘The Reserve Bank has decided to update the $5 banknote to feature a new design that honours the culture and history of the First Australians,’ a statement read. ‘This new design will replace the portrait of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. The other side of the $5 banknote will continue to feature the Australian Parliament. ‘This decision by the Reserve Bank Board follows consultation with the Australian government, which supports this change. ‘The Bank will consult with First Australians in designing the $5 banknote. The new banknote will take a number of years to be designed and printed. ‘In the meantime, the current $5 banknote will continue to be issued. It will be able to be used even after the new banknote is issued.’ Queen Elizabeth II, who died last year at the age of 96, has featured on Australian notes since 1953. King Charles became the British monarch after his mother’s death but Australia has chosen not to feature Charles on the five dollar note, although will appear on the country’s coins. It has been suggested that Australia cricket hero Warne should be celebrated on bank notes ex-England captain Vaughan supports the idea. He tweeted: ‘Couldn’t think of a better way to celebrate the King Australia.’ Warne, regarded as one of the best cricketers of all time, died last year at the age of 52. He took 708 Test wickets, the second most of all time, across a sensational 15-year international career. As the British monarch, King Charles is also the head of state of Australia, New Zealand and 12 other Commonwealth realms outside the United Kingdom, although the role is largely ceremonial. The decision to pay tribute to Indigenous Australians on the new five pound note has been widely celebrated. ‘This is a massive win for the grassroots, First Nations people who have been fighting to decolonise this country,’ said Lidia Thorpe, a Greens senator and DjabWurrung Gunnai Gunditjmara woman. First Nations people are believed to have lived in Australia for at least 65,000 years before British colonisation. MORE : Jos Buttler clashes with South Africa star during ODI defeat MORE : Jofra Archer grabs six in England ODI win against South Africa For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 