A blind teenager blew popstar Mika and acclaimed classical pianist Lang Lang away when she showcased her incredible piano playing skills, leaving viewers in tears by her talent. The Piano, hosted by Claudia Winkleman, is a new TV show on Channel 4 that seeks to find some of the best amateur pianists across the nation. Inspired by the movement of pianos being placed in public spaces including train stations and shopping centres for anyone to play, the musicians demonstrating their skills on the instrument have no idea that Mika and Lang Lang are secretly watching them, as they select just a few for the chance to play in a special concert at Royal Festival Hall in London. On the programme, 13-year-old Lucy was one of the individuals who was invited to play. When Mika and Lang Lang found out that she would be playing Nocturne in B flat minor by Chopin, the classical pianist’s eyes widened in surprise. Lucy then began playing, putting everyone listening to her in a trance as her virtuosity shone through, with one person filming her on their phone having to wipe away their tears. ‘It’s unbelievable that she can play this piece. How – how – how does she study. This is incredible,’ Lang Lang remarked. When the performance came to an end, Mika looked as though he was completely overwhelmed and simply absorbing what he had just witnessed. ‘I’m speechless, I don’t know what to say,’ Lang Lang said, while Mika agreed that they were both ‘completely flummoxed’. Reacting to the clip on Twitter, one amazed individual tweeted: ‘Omg that was stunning! She looked so wrapped up in a cocoon of beautiful sound and her playing looked effortless.’ Someone else wrote: ‘Blind musicians are incredible in how they learn and memorise music. I have been so blessed by my own, young blind student who has challenged me to look again at my teaching and more besides. Lucy featured here is very special.’ ‘What a talent. She looked to enjoy every second of the playing. A beautiful performance,’ another said, while others described how ‘tearful’ they became watching Lucy play. ‘Wow, sometimes something makes you sit back down and just listen….absolutely amazing,’ one person penned in awe. The Piano returns next Wednesday at 9pm on Channel 4 and is available to watch on All 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Claudia Winkleman’s new show The Piano kicks off tonight, but what’s it about? MORE : S Club 7 reunion news stirs up iconic video of band being dragged out of Claudia Winkleman interview 