The headteacher of Epsom College reportedly phoned her sister moments before she and her daughter, 7, were shot dead by her husband. Emma Pattison, 45, her daughter Lettie and her husband George, 39, were found dead at their home on the Surrey private school’s grounds in Surrey last Sunday. It is believed Mr Pattison killed them before dying by suicide. Mrs Pattison made a ‘distressed call’ to her sister, Deborah Kirk, late Saturday evening – prompting her family to drive down to Surrey, according to MailOnline. But they were too late. They arrived to discover the bodies of Emma, her husband and their daughter. School staff reportedly phoned emergency services after hearing gunshots tearing through the early morning silence. Surrey Police confirmed a firearm was found at the scene said to be licensed and registered to Mr Pattison. It was an isolated incident with no known third-party involvement, the force added. A cause of death will not be confirmed until post-mortem examinations are completed later this week. As a gun owner, police made a routine call to Mr Pattison, a chartered accountant, three days before the killings to check his address as he had updated his licence. The force referred itself to the police watchdog, the IOPC, over the double-murder suicide as officers had recently been in contact Mr Pattison. Detective Chief Inspector Kimball Edey, the senior investigating officer on the case, said: ‘This is an incredibly traumatic incident and we are working around the clock to investigate and understand the exact circumstances which led to this point. ‘We understand the public concern and upset, and we will clarify what we can, when we can, while respecting the right to a level of privacy for the families of those who have lost their lives. ‘We are cooperating fully with the IOPC in relation to the referral we have made, and we await the outcome of its assessment of what further action may be required. ‘Until this has been completed, we will be unable to provide further details on a number of matters.’ Police confirmed the family’s pet Labrador, Bella, survived the tragedy. Mrs Pattison started her role at the elite private school in September, something she told the school podcast was something of a new start of new for her family. ‘In terms of transition, it’s been a really big change for my family. We’ve moved house – we’ve bought a dog,’ she said in the since-deleted episode. ‘I’ve got a new job, my husband has got a new job, that wasn’t meant to happen but it did and my daughter has started a new school so there’s been a lot of change for us as a family.’ She said she left a graduate job at the travel agency Thomas Cook Holidays for teaching and never ‘looked back’. ‘I am absolutely loving my time here so far,’ Mrs Pattison added. ‘It’s been very busy but absolutely wonderful. The college have been so supportive and everyone has been very, very welcoming.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.