Paul Merson has told Graham Potter to drop two Chelsea stars for their Premier League clash against Tottenham. The Blues are in desperate need of a win ahead of Sunday’s trip to north London as they currently sit just 10th in the Premier League, 11 points behind fourth-placed Spurs. Chelsea lost 1-0 at home to bottom-placed Southampton last weekend and Potter has been urged to make two changes from the side that started at Stamford Bridge. Former Arsenal and England winger Merson says Chelsea will get blown away if the same team starts against Tottenham and has urged Potter to drop new signings Mykhailo Mudryk and Noni Madueke. ‘This is one of Chelsea’s biggest games of the season,’ Merson told Sportskeeda. ‘These are two teams that do not like each other. ‘If Chelsea go and get beaten here, it adds more pressure on Potter. I want him to stay. I’m not sure if he’s the one bringing these players in. ‘I’m watching these players and I wonder whether these signings are better than the players they’ve got. They are absolutely not.  ‘So why are they buying these players? They might very well offload players like Mason Mount and Conor Gallagher and profit off their sales because they are academy graduates. And then suddenly, they’ll figure out that the club has lost its soul. ‘If Chelsea play the team that squared off against Southampton last weekend, they won’t win the game against Spurs. If Potter goes back to his tried and tested system, the Blues will beat Spurs all day long. ‘What I love about Potter is that he has looked after the club and the players before himself. He is under major pressure. ‘He could have played Reece James and Thiago Silva last weekend because he has a job to keep. But what did he do? He didn’t want to risk injuries for those players and chose to leave them out. ‘He has looked after them. He could have chosen not to protect those players but he opted to look at the bigger picture. I think he needs to be given until next Christmas and afforded a proper pre-season with this team. If it doesn’t work out by Christmas, then even he’ll understand it’s best to part ways. ‘Tottenham are in the FA Cup, they’re in the Champions League and they are in the top four in the Premier League. We’re sitting thinking that Spurs are blowing hot and cold. ‘But the fact is that they blow hot more often than they are cold. They’ve got Harry Kane. He is a big difference-maker for them. ‘Spurs are slightly more of a winning side than Newcastle United. I expect them to end up in the top-four ahead of the Magpies.  ‘This is the starting XI I hope Potter goes with: Kepa, Reece James, Ben Chilwell, Benoit Badiashile, Thiago Silva, Enzo Fernandez, Mason Mount, Mateo Kovacic, Raheem Sterling, Kai Havertz and Joao Felix. ‘If this team plays, they will beat Tottenham 3-0. If he plays Mykhailo Mudryk and Noni Madueke, they won’t beat Spurs.’ While Chelsea have been in poor form this season, Tottenham have also flattered to deceive despite climbing back into the top-four last weekend with a routine over West Ham. Spurs have no new injury concerns ahead of Sunday’s game while Chelsea will be without captain Cesar Azpilicueta following the head injury he suffered against Southampton. MORE : Chelsea boss Graham Potter reveals he and his kids are receiving death threats MORE : Chelsea owner Todd Boehly ‘very interested’ in taking over another club For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 