Sharon Stone has paid emotional tribute to her late brother following his sudden death, opening up on the ‘tremendous amount of loss’ her family have suffered in the last couple of years. This week, it was announced that the actor’s brother, Patrick Joseph Stone, had died at the age of 57, two years after his 11-month-old son River’s death. It was reported that Patrick’s death had been ruled a sudden cardiac arrest due to heart disease, with his wife Tasha saying that it felt as though her heart had been ‘ripped out of her chest’. In posts shared on Instagram Sharon, 64, honoured her late brother’s memory, uploading a tearful video confirming the news of his death. ‘Hello everybody. This message is to confirm that yes we did lose my brother, Patrick Joseph Stone to a heart attack yesterday,’ she said in the clip. ‘Yes he is the man who was the father to River, who we lost last year at 11 months old. He is survived by his wife Tasha and his son Hunter and his daughter Kaylee. Like any family, we thank you for your love and support in this time of immeasurable grief and we appreciate all of your condolences.’ The Basic Instinct star opened up on how her family have been through ‘a tremendous amount of loss in these last couple of years as so many of you also have’. With tears streaming down her face, she added: ‘I thank you very much for the love and support that you’re showing us, and we just ask you to continue to be kind. Thank you.’ In a second post, Sharon shared a picture of herself with her brother, and a second image of him on his own, smiling at the camera. Several celebrities have expressed their condolences to the actor, with John Travolta writing on Instagram: ‘Dearest Sharon, I’m so sorry for your loss. I do understand very well what you’re going through. With love -JT.’ ‘Bless you,’ said Jeremy Renner, while Elizabeth Banks wrote: ‘Sending love.’ Milla Jovovich penned: ‘Wow mama. I’m so sorry. Will be thinking of you and your family during this nightmare you’re going through. Sending you so much love,’ as Lisa Rinna added: ‘My deepest condolences Sharon sending you so much love.’ ‘Godspeed Patrick, and deepest condolences to you and your entire family,’ said Hilary Swank, while Gloria Estefan added: ‘Sending love and prayers to accompany you and your family throughout this incredibly difficult time of grief & loss…’ In 2021, Patrick’s son River died aged 11 months, with Sharon sharing at the time that her nephew’s organs had failed. It was later revealed that he had helped to save three lives through organ donations after his death. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sharon Stone’s brother Patrick dies suddenly aged 57, two years after her 11-month-old nephew MORE : Eminem’s stunt double Ryan Shepard dies aged 40 after being hit by car  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 