Stacey Solomon is naturally feeling a little overwhelmed after reaching a new milestone after giving birth. The Loose Women presenter has welcomed her fifth child and third with husband Joe Swash. After a few days break from social media, Stacey, 32, announced the arrival of their baby girl in a sweet Instagram post on Saturday. The couple are yet to share their daughter’s name, but Stacey has given her followers an update on how the family are getting on. In her Instagram stories, the former X Factor star posted a video of her and Joe, 40, weighing the newborn in a blanket. She wrote: ‘I’m sitting in bed doing the cluster feeds ahead of the night time (I forgot how hard breastfeeding is at the beginning but I’m so excited to establish it). ‘Your messages, comments, stories and everything are just so so so amazing. Thank you. I’m so grateful for my family on here and I just love you.’ Stacey then revealed her joy at reaching a new milestone that will allow her to try and breastfeed the newborn, adding: ‘My milk came in today so I’m an emotional mess. But love you all lots and lots & can’t wait to catch up with you all properly. ‘She’s incredible and the other pickles are just in love with her. This video makes me cry. ‘Goodnight everyone see you on the other side of the night feed.’ Stacey and Joe now have seven children between them, as they also share son Rex, three, and daughter Rose, one, while she also has sons Zachary, 14, and Leighton, 10, from previous relationships. Joe is also father to 15-year-old son Harry with a former partner. The couple married in July 2022 after eight years together. Announcing the arrival of their newest member of the Pickle Cottage family, Stacey wrote on Instagram: ‘To my little family on here… I didn’t realise I wasn’t quite prepared for the crazy quick whirlwind that occurred right after I took this picture. I’m so so so excited to share with you that…’ Alongside a photo of the tot, she added: ‘She’s Here. Our beautiful, daughter born at home with all of your brothers and sister ready to snuggle you forever and ever. ‘You literally flew into our world 😂… And none of us can quite believe your thick dark head of hair that we just can’t get over. We can’t believe your here. ‘Welcome to the world beautiful girl, thank you for the last few months in my tummy, we can’t wait to love you forever and ever we are so grateful we get to be your family.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 