Vanessa Feltz and fiance Ben Ofoedu have split after 16 years together. The Talk TV presenter, 60, and singer Ben, 50, recently went their separate ways amid cheating allegations, with Vanessa admitting the trust was gone in the relationship. Their relationship was recently hit by infidelity claims, with Vanessa reportedly discovering social media messages between Ben and other women. Grandmother Vanessa insisted she was not going to let this defeat me’ as she looks ahead to the future after the end of the relationship. The former couple first met in 2005, following her divorce from surgeon husband Michael Kurer, who had an affair with another woman. So as their long relationship comes to an end, here’s a look back at Ben and Vanessa’s relationship timeline. After her 2000 divorce from husband Michael, Vanessa is introduced to Ben by none other than Boyzone star Keith Duffy. Ben and Keith had become close after meeting in the Big Brother house in 2001 and remained friends, with Keith insisting he and Vanessa would be great together. However they were both in relationships at the time and didn’t meet until an OK! Christmas party a few years later, getting to know each other by the chocolate fountain which Vanessa joked was her ‘spiritual home.’ The pair quickly fell into a relationship, with Ben impressing Vanessa on an early date by wearing a kilt. In December 2006, just over a year after first meeting, Ben took to one knee ad asked Vanessa to marry him. She recalled in an interview with The Express at the time: ‘There were dark red roses strewn all over the white linen bed and when I turned around, he had dropped to one knee and was holding an engagement ring.’ The pair had initially been planning to marry in 2007. The couple had made plans to wed in 2007, a year after first getting engaged. Vanessa told the Daily Mail at the time that they would have a civil wedding rather than a Jewish wedding, and admitting they were ‘both very busy’ so were struggling to fit in the time to have a wedding. She added that they had considered going abroad for the big day but decided against it. By this time the couple had been engaged for five years but were yet to walk down the aisle. However this was set to be the year, with Ben confirming in interviews that they were hoping to have their big day in 2011. He told The Daily star at the time: ‘We are hoping to get married at the end of the year and are also planning to adopt a baby. ‘One of Vanessa’s biggest regrets was that she didn’t have any more children. And I would love to be a dad so we are putting the plans in motion to adopt after our wedding.’ There were solid plans in place for the wedding, with the Phats and Small singer explaining they wanted ‘an intimate wedding in England’ surrounded by family and ‘all our celeb friends.’ He even joked about the wedding list, saying they were close to both Peter Andre and Katie Price but ‘I am not sure whether they’ll both be in the same room.’ The former couple split up in 2023, with Vanessa saying she was ‘shocked, sad and disappointed.’ She said: ‘Well, I haven’t been on Instagram for three weeks and that’s because my relationship with Ben is over after 16 years and I honestly didn’t know what to say to you on Instagram. ‘But now it’s clear that it’s over and I really do feel that once the trust in a relationship is gone you really can’t get it back, and that’s what I’d tell anyone else to do.’ The presenter added: ‘So I just wanted to say, obviously I feel incredibly sad, and I’m pretty disappointed and shocked and all those horrible things. ‘But also full of resolve. Because I’m not going to let this defeat me. I’m so glad to be living longer than my mum did. Vanessa bravely concluded: ‘She died at 57 and I’m going to be 61 next month. So I feel very grateful to be alive and I want to carry on feeling that way and I want to celebrate and I want to find fun and laughter anywhere I can and I know it’s not going to be easy but I’m absolutely determined to do it.’ During this time Vanessa had also become a grandmother, with Ben being referred to by the children as ‘grandad.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vanessa Feltz ‘shocked’ after split from fiancé Ben Ofoedu but reveals ‘trust was gone’ in emotional video MORE : Vanessa Feltz ‘extremely sad and disappointed’ as she confirms split from fiancé Ben Ofoedu after 16 years together 