As strikes hit many sectors, London Underground is the latest to announce industrial action – and it is set to have a major impact on travelling around the capital. With upcoming rail strikes also due in March, commuting is set to be a challenge. Tube drivers belonging to the Aslef union announced strike action in a vote by that saw a whopping 99% in favour of walking out – on a 77% turnout. The train drivers’ union Aslef says members in other roles – including Test Train, Engineering and management – will also take action on the same day, in the dispute over pensions and working arrangements. So when is the next Tube strike in March? Currently, the next Tube strike will be on Wednesday, March 15 – Budget Day. The strike will last for 24 hours. It is expected to affect all Tube lines – details of the expected impact will be released nearer the time, but Aslef is the biggest Tube drivers’ union. The last time Aslef members walked out on the Tube, in 2015, it shut down the entire London Underground network. Last year’s disruption on the Tube was caused by the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) union’s industrial action. No other dates have yet been announced, but Aslef warns that unless progress is made, ‘this will be only the first day of action in a protracted dispute’. The strike is also timed to happen the day before rail workers walk out, affecting 14 rail operators. Aslef organiser Finn Brennan said: ‘Members are not prepared to put up any longer with the threats to their working conditions and pensions…or to pay the price for the government’s failure to properly fund London’s public transport system. ‘Cuts to safety training have already been forced through and management is open that they plan to remove all current working agreements under the guise of “modernisation” and “flexibility” and to replace the agreed attendance and discipline policies. ‘Proposals to slash pension benefits are due to be announced in the next week.’ Nick Dent, director of customer operations at TfL, told the BBC that the transport authority had not proposed changes to pensions, and urged Aslef to ‘call off this damaging strike’. MORE : All strikes planned for March 2023 – from trains to teachers MORE : When are the next rail strikes? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below