Another catastrophic earthquake with a magnitude of 7.6 has hit Turkey and Syria in less than 12 hours. According to the United States Geological Survey (USGS), the epicentre is a couple of miles from Ekinözü, a town in the Mediterranean region. Its depth is of just six miles, which can prove more devastating as shallow quakes cause more damage. A map shows the tremor was also felt across the border, in the city of Aleppo, and surrounding areas. It comes after an earthquake hit close to Gaziantep, southeast Turkey – about 100 miles south of Ekinozu – as well as neighbouring Syria, killing more than 1,500. Footage shared on Twitter shows several buildings collapsing as the second quake struck at about 10.24am. People can be seen running away from a street in the city of Urfa, which is located about 144 miles from the epicentre. It was not immediately clear how much damage had been done by the second earthquake. Search and rescue operations are still underway across the region as hundreds of buildings have collapsed or been heavily damaged. The first earthquake hit at 4.17am today, as people slept, and measured 7.8 on the Richter scale, one of the most powerful in the region in at least a century. Orhan Tatar, an official from the Turkish disaster agency, confirmed the two were independent of each other. There have been more than a 100 smaller aftershocks registered since then, and he warned that more are expected. The aftershock was also felt as far as the eastern Mediterranean island nation of Cyprus. People took to social media to post footage of swaying curtains, while employees working in some high-rise buildings in the capital, Nicosia, quickly rushed outside. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.