Vladimir Putin is set to unleash new hypersonic missiles – capable of reaching speeds of over 6,600mph. The ‘unstoppable’ Zircon missiles will be test-fired from a frigate during naval exercises off the coast of Africa. They will be aimed at a surface target at a distance of more than 310 miles. The so-called ‘training launch’ of the nuclear-capable missile is the latest show of strength by the Kremlin dictator. It comes amid deep tension with the West during Putin’s war against Ukraine. The Mach 9 hypersonic launch will come during drills in the Indian Ocean, off KwaZulu-Natal province between 17 and 26 February. ‘During the upcoming exercise with the navies of South Africa and China, a training launch of a Zircon hypersonic missile will be carried out, to be the first-ever during an event of this kind,’ a source told Russian state news agency TASS. The Admiral Gorshkov frigate carrying the missiles is being closely monitored by NATO navies. Putin made it clear this mission was intended as a show of strength to the West, and personally took part – remotely – in the farewell ceremony when the warship departed from Arctic naval base Severomorsk on 4 January. The vessel then sailed ostentatiously through the English Channel on 11 January, monitored by the Royal Navy. Earlier it was closely watched by the Norwegians, and later the Portuguese and US navies. Putin has long boasted about the effectiveness of his hypersonic missiles, which supposedly has ‘no equivalent in any country in the world.’ ‘I am sure that such a powerful weapon will allow us to reliably protect Russia from potential external threats and help ensure our country’s national interests,’ he said. Moscow has boasted that the new hypersonic missiles make the Gorshkov ‘the most dangerous enemy of surface ships in the world’s oceans.’ The vessel’s captain Igor Krokhmal said previously: “No-one will see the missile launch or its flight. ‘They will only see when the missile hits the target. ‘A surface target, a coastal target. I don’t think there will be anything to counter this in the next few years.’ The frigate is also equipped with Kalibr missiles, a type used by Russia in its war of aggression in Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.