Keke Palmer has clapped back in her usual fabulous style to detractors of her newborn son’s name – and would you expect anything less? The 29-year-old actress announced the birth of her first child with boyfriend Darius Jackson on Monday. The Nope star posted a series of snaps of herself in hospital and a gorgeous photo of her adorable son. ‘Hey Son!!!!’ Keke wrote. ‘Born during Black History Month, with a name to match.’ She then revealed that his full moniker was Leodis Andrellton Jackson, to be known as ‘Leo’ for short. However, just hours after sharing the news of his birth, she was primed and ready to address any criticism of his name in hilarious fashion. Taking to Twitter, she quote tweeted a post that read: ‘That name sounds like it led a civil rights march.’ ‘It’s giving I marched with Martin, purrrr,’ she wrote alongside it, in reference to Martin Luther King Jr, one of the most prominent US civil rights activists in American history. Others were living for little Leo’s full name, with one tweeter commenting underneath: ‘Can’t wait for your son to change the world with a name like that.’ It was also praised as ‘powerful’ and ‘iconic’, as well as being a name with a ‘black excellence ring to it’. ‘Keke pleaseeee,’ added another of her response to the initial tweet, alongside a string of laugh-crying emoji. The actress, who revealed her pregnancy news in the most fantastic way, unveiling her growing bump during her SNL monologue in December, even joked around with her trademark humour on the Instagram post sharing the birth. In a lengthy caption, the star explained that she and Darius had been parents for 48 hours, writing: ‘1. Only 48hrs of being parents!’ The mum-of-one went on: ‘2. Darius always made me playlists when we first started dating, Someone by El Debarge was a favourite. We became each other’s someone and made a someone, look at God! ‘3. The baby love Rolling Ray, cause purrr. 4. I’m not hiding the world from my son, I’m hiding my son from the world. Hahaha 5. I’m just playing, my baby face is on this slide.’ Saving his name until last, Keke added: ‘6. And this slide. Born during Black History Month, with a name to match! LEODIS ANDRELLTON JACKSON, welcome to the world baby Leo.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dave Grohl feeds 450 homeless people after cooking barbecue feast for 16 hours straight in support of non-profit MORE : Burny Mattinson, director, animator and Disney’s longest-serving employee, dies aged 87  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 