In his latest column, former Olympian and heavyweight contender Frazer Clarke reacts to Chris Eubank Jr’s decision to activate his rematch against Liam Smith, previews Leigh Wood vs Mauricio Lara and the situation with Josh Taylor, Jack Catterall and Teofimo Lopez. Chris Eubank Jr’s decision to trigger his rematch clause against Liam Smith is really the only move for him. He has got to do it and not just for boxing reasons but for his own pride too. We all know he talked a lot before the fight and deep down his pride will be hurting. For him, it is the natural thing to do here. The rematch clause is there for a reason and of course he sees it as an unexpected loss, a fluke. He’s got to right that wrong and do it in a fashion too if he wants to get back on track with his plans to fight Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez. But I do think it will be a very difficult fight for him again, Liam Smith has had a good look at him now and knows now more than ever what is coming. For Chris, there is something he can take from that fight in the sense he was boxing well in rounds two and three but it is still very tricky for him to come back. Of course, it is an even bigger fight now given what happened first time around. There were some concerns over Eubank Jr meeting that middleweight limit and it would definitely be in their favour to look into changing  it for the rematch. But I can’t see why Liam would agree to that, he would want it at the same weight and I have no doubts about that. With Eubank Jr, you can tell the weight it just isn’t natural for him. That will be something they talk about but whether anything can be done about it, I’m not sure. I’m not sure how many cards he holds at the minute, it all depends on what is in the contract. Chris is big as well, he does boil down a lot but he is naturally big but if he wants to give himself every chance he will be doing his best to get something in the contract that allows him to come in heavier. This will be a bit of a saga until a date is agreed. There will be plenty of back and forth, The rematch is in the contract but I know Liam will be looking onto other things too after that victory so there is quite a lot to talk about between the two teams. The Josh Taylor vs Jack Catterall rematch now looks like it may not be happening. It has blown hot and cold for a while now. In fairness to Jack, he has done more of the talking about wanting the rematch which is understandable because he was the one who was essentially on the end of the bad decision. I know Josh Taylor and I know he is a great fighter and has a fighting attitude so it seems unlikely to me that he wouldn’t want the rematch. But what you have to remember, fights can be taken out of fighters hands, this could all be driven by the promotional side of things. The way Top Rank see it, they might see the Catterall fight as one that isn’t as big as fighting Teofimo Lopez fight which is in fairness, a massive fight between two huge characters. That would make for a very entertaining fight. But I’m disappointed not see the rematch and I think everyone will be. The public and the boxing fans want it and have demanded it and want to see a line drawn under it all and the only way to do it is the rematch. If it was Josh calling for it, it will happen. But I’m not sure how much of that calling he is doing. Is he looking at drawing a line under it all or looking to possibly get paid more fighting Teofimo? So there is so much going into these fights. The only thing Josh will be fighting for against Jack is to draw a line under it because in his eyes he beat him the first time. But now, would he get more money for fighting Teofimo Lopez? Probably, especially if it is in America. So there’s lots of decision for these fighters. I’m sure in life, on social media, on the street even, Josh probably hears it every day, ‘Catterall beat you;. So if I was him I would be wanting to correct that. But at the same time, you don’t want to fall to the pressure of what the public think, you have to optimise the own chances in your career and go onto earn good money. It is a difficult predicament, it is a case of what is he actually wants to be fighting for. If he retires and this fight hasn’t been done again, there will always be questions. Leigh Wood vs Mauricio Laura this weekend guarantees fireworks. I don’t think there is going to be too much feeling out in this one. Lara is a bit of a throwback, he loves getting involved. Leigh Wood still doesn’t get the credit he deserves. He was getting well outboxed against Michael Conlan last year and managed to pull it out of the bag. He has always been a great puncher himself and has never ducked a challenge. He seems to always be in difficult fights. If you are a neutral boxing fan or maybe someone sticking on a fight for the first time, you are going to be enthralled. Leigh is a lot cleverer than he is given credit for and Lara’s eagerness and willingness to get involved could be his downfall but he is one of them fighters who is dangerous throughout, carrying power in both those hands. And of course, as we saw against Josh Warrington, he is more than capable of coming here to the UK and upsetting the apple cart. I know Lara possesses everything to beat Leigh Wood but Wood is one of the men who can pull it out of the bag from nowhere. So on home turf and carrying the momentum he has at the minute, I think Leigh will be victorious. MORE : ‘He looked like a crackhead’ – Johnny Nelson fears Chris Eubank Jr will suffer same knockout fate against Liam Smith unless new weight is agreed MORE : Frank Warren responds to talk of fourth Tyson Fury vs Deontay Wilder fight with Oleksandr Usyk deal ‘very close’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 