Sam Smith and Kim Petras won a Grammy for best pop duo during Sunday night’s ceremony. Petras is the first trans woman to scoop one of the coveted music awards and Smith is the first non-binary artist to do so. The duo won the gong for their son Unholy and 30-year-old Petras’ moving acceptance speech has left people in tears (you can take a look at the entire list of winners here). While Petras and Smith, also 30, walked onto the stage together, the latter quickly handed the mic to the former. ‘Sam graciously wanted me to accept this award because I’m the first transgender woman to win this award,’ Petras explained. Paying tribute to fellow trans musician Sophie, who tragically died in 2021, Petras went on: ‘I just want to thank all the incredible transgender legends before me who take these doors open for me so I couldn’t be here tonight.’ The hitmaker added: ‘Sophie especially, my friend who passed away two years ago, told me this would happen and always believed in me. ‘Thank you so much for your inspiration, Sophie. I adore you and your inspiration will forever be in my music.’ Elsewhere, Petras thanked Madonna for ‘fighting for LGBTQ rights’ and also gave her mum an emotional shout out, noting: ‘I grew up next to a highway in Germany. ‘And my mother believed me that I was a girl and I wouldn’t be here without her and her support and everyone who believed in me to this point.’ Wrapping up her speech by turning her attention to Smith, Petras concluded: ‘This is a huge moment for me, Sam. Thank you. You’re a true angel and hero in my life. And I love you and everyone who made the song too. I love you guys so much. Sorry, I didn’t write down the names!’ Social media users were quick to praise Petras’ speech and reveal it brought them to tears. One person wrote: ‘Fully f*****g weeping on my couch watching Kim’s acceptance speech. Kim Petras I love you so f*****g MUCH!!!!!’ Another social media user tweeted: ‘MAN i’m CRYING watching kim petras’ acceptance speech!!! @kimpetras not a dry eye in the house. congratulations!!!’ while someone else echoed: ‘crying at Kim Petras Grammys speech omfg.’ ‘Kim petras thanked Sophie during her Grammy acceptance speech I’m actually crying,’ tweeted another fan. Beyonce also made history on Sunday, becoming the most decorated artist at the Grammys. The trophy, the latest in her cabinet, took her total Grammy wins up to 32 – leapfrogging the previous holder of the record, conductor Georg Solti. Elsewhere, Adele took home the award for best pop solo performance, thanks to her iconic track Easy On Me and Harry Styles won the coveted album of the year award. MORE : Harry Styles beats Beyonce and Adele to win Grammys’ album of the year before celebrating with 78-year-old fan: ‘S**t’ MORE : Aaron Carter fans outraged as singer ‘left out’ of moving Grammys In Memoriam segment after death at 34  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 