Alesha Dixon, Graham Norton and Hannah Waddingham have been confirmed to be hosting Eurovision 2023 Grand Final in the UK. Also joining the popular British and Irish TV personalities is Ukrainian singer, composer and Hardkiss band frontwoman Julia Sanina. May 13th will see TV star Alesha, chat show host Graham, Emmy-winning actress Hannah and singer Julia descend on Liverpool to host the Grand Final, where the next Eurovision champion will be crowned. And as well as hosting, Graham will take turns with comedian Mel Giedroyc in the commentary box so audiences watching from home can be treated to his thoughts on the acts the same as every other year. That’s not all: for the first time, both Eurovision semi-finals will be aired live on BBC One and iPlayer, with commentary by the legendary Rylan and Scott Mills. Ukrainian broadcaster Timur Miroshnychenko, who went viral last year for performing his commentary on the competition from an underground bunker as Russia continued its invasion of the country, will act as the Eurovision Correspondent in Liverpool. Reacting to the announcement, Mis-Teeq and Britain’s Got Talent star Alesha said: ‘I’ve performed all over the world and there is just something about the buzz and anticipation of a live show that can’t be rivalled. Eurovision delivers that excitement, creativity and talent, but on a vast, global scale. ‘I remember watching the Eurovision Song Contest on the TV when I was small, so to be there bringing the Grand Final and Semi Finals to people watching across the world is HUGE.’ Ted Lasso star Hannah said it was a ‘great privilege to be involved: ‘There’s something really special about Eurovision which is why I’ve been an avid fan for years – from the camaraderie of all the acts backstage, to the epic scale of the show. ‘It’s one of the world’s greatest music festivals, but this year, perhaps more than ever, it is such a great honour to be standing shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine, a country which has carried itself with such strength and unity.’ Kate Phillips, BBC’s Director of Unscripted, said the broadcaster was ‘thrilled’ to offer such a line-up. ‘The BBC is thrilled to have such a talented line-up bringing the Eurovision Song Contest from Liverpool – on behalf of Ukraine – to the world,’ she said in a statement. ‘One thing that truly unites us all is music, and we’re proud to have a team – who are well accustomed to the worlds of music, performing and live broadcasting – as part of our Eurovision presenting family. ‘It will be a remarkable moment for the BBC to deliver two huge pinnacles in this year’s broadcasting calendar, the King’s Coronation and Eurovision, within the same week.’ Eurovision fans have also recently been treated to a glimpse at the logo, slogan and stage for the upcoming contest, which will be held on May 9, 11 and 13. The slogan for is ‘United by Music’, while the United Kingdom and Ukraine’s flags were both used as inspiration for the colour scheme in the logo. Meanwhile the stage, which will be built at the 11,000 capacity Liverpool Stadium, demonstrates ‘how music can transcend borders and bring people together as one unit,’ harbouring the principles of ‘togetherness, celebration and community.’ The BBC added the design took ‘inspiration from ‘a wide hug that enfolds the Liverpool Arena’, which is set to give the impression of ‘opening its arms to Ukraine, and the show’s performers and guests from across the world’. There is still no word as to who might represent the UK in this year’s competition after the massive success of Sam Ryder in 2022 – but watch this space. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : BBC Radio 2 listeners confused after Eurovision announcement was skipped during Zoe Ball Breakfast Show: ‘We got nothing’ MORE : Ukraine has already selected its host for Eurovision 2023 in Liverpool as Graham Norton is front-runner to join them 