The death toll in Turkey and Syria from the 7.8-magnitude quake has risen to more than 1,500. Turkey’s president Erdoğan confirmed that 1,014 people had been killed, with 5,383 wounded. He stressed this has been the worst disaster for the country since 1939, when at least 33,000 people died in an earthquake. Meanwhile, the death toll in government-controlled areas of Syria has rocketed to 326, and 1,042 injured. Videos shared on social media show dozens of collapsed apartment buildings in densely populated areas on both sides of the border. Thousands of injured have been reported as rescue teams are searching through the mountains of rubble for survivors. The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 miles from the city of Gaziantep, in south-central Turkey, but it was also felt in Cyprus, Lebanon, Greece and Israel. ‘I have never felt anything like it in the 40 years I’ve lived,’ said Erdem, a resident of Gaziantep. ‘We were shaken at least three times very strongly, like a baby in a crib.’ In the Turkish city of Adana, one resident said three buildings near his home have collapsed. Rescue teams can be seen carrying wounded people on stretchers out of a pile of rubble, which was once an apartment building. In Diyarbakir, workers called for silence as they tried to listen for survivors under the wreckage of an 11-story building. They pulled out one man, carrying him on a stretcher. An elderly was seen being escorted away by a man, while a rescue worker wearing a white helmet tried to calm a crying girl. ‘We were shaken like a cradle. There were nine of us at home. Two sons of mine are still in the rubble, I’m waiting for them,’ said one woman in Diyarbakir. She spoke from an ambulance where medical workers were treating wounds on her face and her broken arm. Interior minister Süleyman Soylu said the cities of Gaziantep, Kahramanmaraş, Hatay, Osmaniye, Adiyaman, Malatya, Sanliurfa, Adana, Diyarbakir and Kilis had all suffered damage. Turkey’s disaster agency has declared a ‘level 4 alarm’ that calls for international assistance. In Hatay province, the only runway at the airport has been shattered and left fully unusable. Meanwhile, Syrian state media said most fatalities were reported in the provinces of Hama, Aleppo and Latakia. Numerous buildings have been brought down and hundreds have been left with no shelter, only worsening the humanitarian situation in the country. Mobile footage captured the moment the earthquake struck the city of Aleppo, with a population of more than two million, with buildings crumbling on main streets. A video from the Syrian border town of Azaz – an area held by opposition forces – showed a rescue worker carrying a toddler from a damaged building. The White Helmets has put out a statement declaring a state of emergency in the northwest. It said: ‘The earthquake has resulted in hundreds of injuries, dozens of deaths, and people being stranded in the winter cold. Adverse weather conditions, including low temperatures and stormy weather have, have compounded the dire situation.’ They are appealing to international humanitarian groups to intervene and support the affected populations with aid. ‘The situation is very tragic, tens of buildings have collapsed in the city of Salqin,’ a member of the White Helmets stressed in a video on Twitter. The rescuer on the clip, which showed a rubble-strewn street, said homes were ‘totally destroyed’. The earthquake smashed opposition-held regions that are packed with some four million people displaced from other parts of Syria by the long civil war. Many already live in decrepit conditions with little health care. Rescue teams said hospitals in the area were quickly filled with the injured. ‘We fear that the deaths are in the hundreds,’ said Muheeb Qaddour, a doctor in the town of Atmeh, referring to the entire rebel-held area. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.