She’s one of the most popular music stars in the world, but Shania Twain managed to make people do a double-take at a pre-Grammys party this week. That’s right – Shania really impressed us all, much, with her bombshell makeover at the event in Los Angeles on Wednesday. (You’d definitely be forgiven for thinking it was maybe Avril Lavigne, or Kim Petras, or even maybe, in some lights, Heidi Klum.) Known for her thick, bouffant honeyed brunette locks, often coiffed into oversized waves, the Canadian megastar could have almost gone unnoticed at the bash with her hair peroxide blonde and poker straight. The singer, 57, looked incredibly youthful with her bright blonde style at the ‘do, the Baileys Hosts Cocktails with Republic Records Artists at Beauty & Essex event, and we actually think it’s more the streamlined style of the hair than the colour that’s completely thrown us off. Our Shania does love a massive barnet! But she looked glorious with her new aesthetic, which she completed with a beautiful orange silk shirt and skirt tied at the waist. The country icon, known for hits That Don’t Impress Me Much, Man! I Feel Like A Woman and You’re Still The One, has been busy promoting her latest album in recent weeks, recently telling Metro that she feared she would never sing again due to undergoing throat surgery. Her sixth record, Queen of Me, is out on Friday, and sees the icon stripping naked for its front cover. And it’s fair to say her most recent appearance at the party this week is a far cry from the single cover for her latest single Waking Up Dreaming, which sees her posing pretty much nude but for a skirt, boots and a cowboy hat, her arms crossed over her bare chest. Currently enjoying her successful comeback, the eternally youthful Shania recently opened up about ageing and how she previously considered going under the knife but has now decided to ‘forget the sag’. The chart-topper said she had ‘come to a point where, no I’m not gonna do it.’ She added, to the Making Space with Hoda Kotb podcast: ‘Maybe that was probably part of what pushed me to go, “OK, it’s time to start loving yourself in your own skin,” because sure I’ve got lots of friends that have had very successful surgeries, but I’ve also seen others that aren’t so successful. ‘And then I think, “Well what if I’m one of those that doesn’t heal very well, then I’m gonna hate that about myself.” Then I’m gonna regret doing it. And then, maybe I’m going to fall and cut myself, and I’m gonna need stitches, for real.’ She shared that she embraced that aforementioned ‘sag’ and that she wanted to be ‘more comfortable in my own skin’. ‘It is what it is, and I can’t change it unless I go under the knife or something. I mean you don’t really know what you’re gonna get anyway, right? ‘One thing pulled here, and another one pulled there, I don’t know, I may never be happy. So, it’s my perception of things that has to change… instead of changing who I am and what I look like.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.