Molly-Mae Hague has revealed that she filmed herself giving birth to her daughter in its entirety, but the footage won’t ever publicly see the light of day. In late January, the former Love Island star and her boyfriend Tommy Fury announced that they had welcomed a baby girl together, who they named Bambi, taking inspiration from the Disney character of the same name. Since the birth, the 23-year-olds have continued to share updates about how their lives have changed since becoming first-time parents, with Molly-Mae sharing a lengthy vlog on her YouTube channel sharing new details of how things have been over the past couple of weeks. The reality star admitted that while the experience is ‘such a massive blur’, she did actually end up filming herself giving birth… but has no idea how she could have thought she would release it on the internet. ‘It’s all such a massive blur, and funnily enough, I did actually film me giving birth. I have the best, most magical video of me giving birth, and I don’t know why on this planet I thought I would feel like I could show that online,’ she said. ‘That is the most vulnerable video I will ever have of me, and to women that put that online and open themselves up… that is incredible. I think it’s so amazing. I have a whole new respect for women who do birth vlogs now and show that and show their births online.’ The Pretty Little Thing creative director admitted that she can ‘barely watch’ the video herself, although she has watched it once without volume. ‘I bawled my eyes out watching it and I feel like I will never be able to show that. I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to show it to anyone. My sister is begging to watch it. I don’t know, I just feel like I can’t,’ she added. When it came to the moment that she gave birth to Bambi, Molly-Mae acknowledged that thanks to the epidural she had, she didn’t feel any pain, but could still feel every sensation. She explained that Bambi was a ‘ventouse baby’, meaning that a ventouse – a suction cup – was placed on her head to help pull her out gently as Molly-Mae pushed. Having previously shared that she had a ‘natural birth’, she clarified: ‘There was nothing particularly natural about my birth at all. I had an epidural, I had loads of pain medication, I had a ventouse, which means essentially when I’m pushing Bambi out, my doctor was also pulling Bambi out. So a suction cup goes on her head and she was sort of gently wiggling her out and pulling her very gently as I was pushing through my contractions.’ In what some may describe as a surprising admission, Molly-Mae shared that she ‘loved’ the pushing part of labour. ‘Obviously I loved it because of my epidural, I’ll be completely honest. I don’t think I’d have enjoyed the pushing if I hadn’t had an epidural. I don’t think I would have enjoyed the whole labour if I hadn’t had my epidural, and that’s just me being completely honest,’ she stated. ‘My epidural made me personally completely enjoy my labour. I would do it again in a heartbeat because I could still feel everything. I had all the sensations but I was not in any pain.’ She recalled how every time she had contraction, she could feel it still, just without the pain, and could feel Bambi’s head coming out of her vagina when her daughter came into the world. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague reveals Tommy Fury watched her entire labour with daughter Bambi and ‘loved it’: ‘He saw everything’ MORE : Molly-Mae Hague reveals how Tommy Fury’s fight schedule with Jake Paul impacted baby’s birth 