Love Island viewers are bracing themselves for chaos as Movie Night will return tomorrow night. It’s been a particularly frenetic time in the South African villa as the islanders try to patch up relationships and make amends after Casa Amor. Tanya Manhenga left poor Shaq Muhammad blindsided when she returned with new man Martin Akinola, only to dump the newbie and return to her original partner. Meanwhile, Will Young had some serious making up to do with Jessie Wynter after he kissed Casa Amor girl Layla Al-Momani, and Tom Clare had to win Samie Elishi back with a, ahem, romantic poem after getting close to Sammy James. Much of the tension has pretty much dissapated now but, of course, when there’s peace in the Love Island world, it doesn’t last too long. At the end of Tuesday night’s episode, a teaser flashed before viewers eyes with dramatic blockbuster style music and the words ‘Movie Night’ lit up in gold. Yes, it’s that time in the game when the islanders get to choose clips to watch of themselves being shady unbeknownst to some of the others. Will Samie finally get to see what Tom really got up to with Sammy? Will Jesse cringe watching Will kiss Layla? And will Ron Hall be exposed for cheering on the boys to turn their heads? All will (likely) be revealed in tomorrow’s episode. Reacting to the return of Movie Night, which has historically caused fireworks among the islanders, one viewer tweeted in excitement: ‘MOVIE NIGHT TOMORROW!! The boys may have had a great few days but it’s about to get MESSY.’ Another wrote in a frenzy: ‘Tomorrow night movie night! I can’t wait for this! Tea is gonna be overflowing.’ Predicting what’s about to go down, one viewer commented: ‘I hope the only reason they’ve dragged voting recently is so Martin can be avenged on movie night and Shaq can see how much Tanya was absolutely DYING FOR IT.’ ‘It’s the producers doing movie night so soon after all the post-casa reconciliations for me,’ another wrote. Earlier in the episode, Tanya and Martin came to blows as he branded her a ‘liar’ for not telling him about her secret kiss with Shaq, while Casey O’Gorman was showing doubt about his romance with Claudia Fogarty and appeared to hint he still has feelings for old flame Lana. Whew, it’s never a dull moment in the Love Island villa! Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Casey O’Gorman thinks Claudia Fogarty’s head could turn after hinting he’s still pining over Lana Jenkins MORE : Love Island’s Tanya Manhenga rips into Martin Akinola after scorned ex brands her ‘liar’ in tense confrontation 