This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. If you don’t know what slugging is, where have you been? Slugging is all over TikTok with people essentially sliming their faces with thick petroleum jelly like Vaseline to lock in all of their moisture, and then going to bed. We can’t imagine how their pillows look. It first became popular in K-beauty before gaining further popularity on Reddit. It’s since wound up on TikTok and people love it and dermatologists approve, especially for quickly healing dryness and eczema. But slugging is not for everyone, especially if you’ve got oily or acne-prone skin as it could trap bacteria and block your pores, leading to more breakouts. Dermatologists recommend creamier moisturisers and looking for ingredients like hyaluronic acid – but spot treating with a petroleum jelly selectively where they are dry. No idea how to say hyaluronic acid let alone pick a good one? Do yourself a favour and check out Nip + Fab’s Hyaluronic Acid Fix Hydrating Regime Kit, which is a one-stop-shop designed to hydrate and plump the skin, working with more active formulas to lock in the benefits and reduce the chance of irritation. Like slugging. The hydration kit contains Hyaluronic Fix Extreme4 Cleansing Cream, Hyaluronic Fix Micellar Pads, Hyaluronic Fix Extreme4 Concentrate, and the Hyaluronic Fix Extreme4 Hybrid Gel Cream. It’s designed for sensitive skin and can be used every day, both morning and evening. Judging by the reviews, people are raving over how it’s saved their flaky AF winter skin. One five-star reviewer shared: ‘This is a MUST HAVE in the winter. My flaky skin is now plump and hydrated. This kit has the best line up and I will definitely order it again!’ Another added: ‘Really good kit for my dry skin, especially in winter months. Cream cleanser is one of the best cleanser I ever tried, so gentle and hydrating. Also, you only need a small amount of every product, so it will last a long time.’ So if you suffer from breakouts or have oily skin, but are still searching for that glorious hydration, perhaps don’t slather your face entirely in petroleum jelly (!) but consider other ingredients to help achieve similar results. Our pick? Hyaluronic acid can help you get that ultra-moisturisation you’re looking for. MORE : The CBD skincare range working wonders for acne and dry skin sufferers so slather us in the stuff, already MORE : This underwear is designed to help you feel sexy on your period