Ed Sheeran has launched a hot sauce range called Tingly Ted’s. That’s right. Tingly. Ted’s. Product names don’t get much better than that. The brand is named after the hitmaker’s childhood nickname and comes in two varieties – Tingly and Extra Tingly. The annoying part? Tingly Ted’s doesn’t actually go on sale until later this year, but from what the 32-year-old singer has said about his new launch, it’ll be well worth the wait. Ed, who has a Heinz Tomato Ketchup tattoo on his arm and previously appeared in a Heinz advert, shared: ‘I love sauces, that’s no secret. But the older I’ve got, the more I love and need spice with every single meal. ‘I travel a lot, so having a bottle in my suitcase wherever I go that can spice up any and every meal seemed like a good idea.’ He added: ‘I knew I didn’t want to do a watery hot sauce, as they usually all get relegated to the same shelf of other random hot sauces. I wanted to make a sauce that took the same pride of place as ketchup. ‘I had a year of whittling down the perfect flavours with a great mixing team, and we settled on two absolute belters, the Tingly and the Xtra Tingly. I’ve had them on tour with me recently to try them with all sorts of meals, and there really isn’t anything they don’t go with (except bananas, don’t do that).’ Doting dad Ed concluded: ‘I’m so excited to bring this product out, it’s genuinely something I use every day on all three meals.’ Tingly Ted’s is described as having fresh lemon notes and a smoky flavour that makes the red jalapeno and capsicum chillies ‘sing’, along with a mix of herbs and spices ‘that all infuse together to create a party in your mouth’. Anyone else drooling? Consumers can pre-order a bottle here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cocaine Bear writer admits creating ‘hilarious’ scene showing kids aged 12 taking drugs was best bit: ‘It was a delight’ MORE : Paul Mescal’s mum raves about ‘amazing’ night out at Baftas amid cancer battle as she thanks son  