A woodland den built over three months by a group of teenage boys faces being torn down by the council after it was declared a threat to health and safety. Work on the hideaway began last November in Beer, East Devon, and was only finished a few weeks before a notice was slapped on the door. The six boys who spent their free time constructing the hut were astonished to learn East Devon District Council considered it an illegal ‘unauthorised occupation’ of the land. Leo Gribble, 16, said he and his friends built it because ‘in Beer, there’s not many places for us to go’. He added: ‘We got bored and so decided to give ourselves a little project to do. ‘It’s been finished for a few weeks now, and we hang out there most weekends – there’s still a bit more work to do and we can still do improvements. ‘We built it by looking for free wood from the forest, and then a few local people from the village gave us wood to use as well. ‘We used our grandparents’ tools – like drills and saws – to get the wooden structure up, then we covered it in two layers of tarp and painted it over so it looks nice.’ With a concrete slab for a foundation, the den has a carpet inside and features garden furniture, paintings and a collection of board games to keep the boys occupied. But the district council’s notice has ordered them to vacate the land by Tuesday February 7, as they haven’t obtained a ‘lease or licence from the legal owner’. Leo believes the notice was served as a result of a single complaint to the local authority. He said: ‘I’d like to know a full reasoning as to why there’s been such a complaint about it, and if there’s anything we can do to at least help, so we can keep it and it’s ok with them. ‘We’re not sure what to do next. We’ve been thinking a couple of things – maybe a protest or a petition.’ In a statement, a council spokesperson said a ‘wooden shack made from drilled-together wooden pallets, along with a fire pit, rope swing and beer cans’ was found after a complaint was received. They added: ‘The “den” has been built near the Undercliff on East Devon District Council land, in an area not accessible by vehicles on a steep site, without the proper permissions. ‘There were numerous health and safety issues and as we are liable for the land and what happens on it, our hands our legally tied. ‘This sadly means we will have to remove the items as we cannot risk the safety of someone’s child. ‘We know there are mixed feelings locally and we hope the local community can understand this decision, even if they don’t agree with it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.