Courteney Cox was honoured with the 2,750th star on Hollywood’s Walk of Fame on Monday. The 58-year-old Scream actress was joined by none other than Jennifer Aniston and Lisa Kudrow at the ceremony, as well as her close friend Laura Dern, partner Johnny McDaid and daughter Coco Arquette. Both Jennifer, 54, and Lisa, 59, delivered a touching speech, noting that they’d known their Friends co-star for nearly three decades. ‘We’re very honoured to be here today to speak on your behalf, as your co-workers, friends, family, your sisters. We’ve known you for a very long time,’ said Jennifer. ‘To be friends with Courteney is to be family with Courteney, and she is responsible for all of that,’ Jennifer continued, according to Entertainment Weekly. ‘From the beginning of when we met her, she was immediately inclusive, warm, loving, interested in everything about you. And I was really nervous to meet her because I was a huge fan.’ Addressing those in attendance, Courteney spoke fondly of her time on Friends and the close friendships the show granted her. She said in part: ‘Friends taught me the importance of camaraderie and really sticking together. ‘These friendships were at the most important time in my life, and we went through so many things together.’ Courteney’s daughter Coco – who she shares with ex-husband David Arquette – planted a kiss on her mum’s cheek while the doting mum’s Snow Patrol singer boyfriend Johnny also cosied up to her. The iconic actress shot to fame after landing the role of Monica Geller in Friends, a part she played from 1994 to 2004. While on the show, she was cast in Scream as Gale Weathers and for six years after Friends finished, she starred in Cougar Town opposite Busy Philipps. In 2009, Courteney was nominated for a Golden Globe for best performance by an actress in a television series – musical or comedy. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Keke Palmer announces birth of first child and reveals baby’s striking name MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Tony Clay reveals significant changes for Callum Highway’s character in new story  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 