Riley Keough seems to be trying to get on with life after the  death of her mother Lisa Marie Presley on January 12. The 33-year-old actress, known for her roles in The Runaways, The Terminal List and Mad Max: Fury Road, enjoyed an outing with husband of eight years Ben Smith-Petersen, as the pair took a trip to LA’s trendy grocery store, Erewhon. It is the first time Riley, mum of one – who she recently revealed was born to her and Ben last year – has been spotted since her mother Lisa Marie died from cardiac arrest at 54 just days after appearing at the Golden Globes. Since, the family have hosted a huge public memorial service at their Graceland estate, where Lisa Marie was buried alongside her father Elvis Presley and her son Benjamin, who died by suicide at 27 in 2020. Lisa Marie inherited the huge estate back in 1977 at nine years old when the King of Rock and Roll died aged 42. But now, Elvis’ widow and Lisa Marie’s mother Priscilla Presley is contesting an amendment made to her will, which would see the late star’s Promenade Trust go to her kids Riley and the late Benjamin, as it named them co-trustees. Lisa Marie also left behind 14-year-old twins Harper and Finley, who she shared with her ex-husband guitarist Michael Lockwood. Priscilla, 77, is questioning whether Lisa Marie’s signature from when the document was amended in 2016 is genuine. The amendment removed her and her late husband’s former business manager Barry Siegel from being in charge of the trust. Since, Priscilla has spoken out about how much she loved the Hound Dog rocker, and their daughter. Priscilla told E! News: ‘I loved Elvis very much as he loved me. Lisa is a result of our love. ‘For anyone to think anything differently would be a travesty of the family legacy and would be disrespectful of what Elvis left behind in his life.’ This comes after legal experts said Priscilla could have a ‘good chance’ of winning the case, but it could drag out ‘for years’ if other family members objected to her stance. It is not yet clear what Riley thinks exactly, as she has not given a statement on the matter, but ET reported she is ‘disappointed’ at Priscilla’s decision to contest the will. A source told the publication Riley believes her grandmother doing so goes against her ‘mum’s wishes’. ‘Riley wants to keep the family together and keep Lisa Marie’s legacy in a positive light, but she feels that her grandmother’s actions are pushing the family apart even more,’ the source said. ‘It’s upsetting to her as she does want to have a relationship with Priscilla, but at this point in time they are not close.’ The anonymous source also claimed that Lisa Marie ‘did not have a healthy or close relationship’ with Priscilla before her death. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Priscilla Presley hangs out with Bam Margera and people are floored by their cosy photo MORE : Priscilla Presley urges people to not ‘disrespect’ legacy of her family amid legal battle over Lisa Marie’s will  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 