Police have released footage of the moment serial rapist David Carrick was arrested at his home. A video shows the disgraced PC standing half-naked in his home in Stevenage, while he tries to use his police status to stop his detainment in October 2021. The former Met Police firearms officer, 48, was jailed for life today, after admitting to a number of horrific sex offences against 12 women. Shirtless Carrick can be heard saying: ‘There’s no necessity. F****’s sake, I’ve only been a police officer for 20 years.’ He continues to shake his head and ask visiting officers if they are going to take him away whilst half-dressed. Hertfordshire Police released the bodycam footage at a time when he was suspected of raping a woman he met on an online date. Carrick said ‘not again’ when he was detained on suspicion of rape, in an apparent reference to a July 2021 rape claim. After he was again charged with rape in October 2021, 12 women came forward to reveal they had been attacked by the officer between 2003 and 2020. Carrick admitted 49 offences, including 24 counts of rape – making him one of Britain’s worst sex offenders. Home Secretary Suella Braverman described his crimes as ‘a scar on our police’ and said ‘it is vital we uncover how he was able to wear the uniform for so long’. Carrick joined the Met in 2001 before becoming an armed officer with the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command in 2009. He used the ‘power and control’ of his status as a policeman to silence the women or stop them leaving. When one reported her ordeal to an A&E nurse, she was told there was little point making a complaint because ‘the law tend to protect their own’. The court heard he sent one of his victims a photograph of himself with a police-issue gun, saying: ‘Remember I am the boss.’ Carrick also used his police baton as a threat and handcuffs in an attack in offences that took place over 17 years, between 2003 and 2020. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.