Prince Harry and Meghan are expected to be invited to King Charles’ coronation. The news comes amid claims they were told to ‘stay away’ in the wake of the couple’s Netflix documentary. The Firm are also said to still still be reeling from the reveals from Harry’s autobiography, Spare. Royal insiders say there is now a ‘working assumption’ the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will receive an invite to the King’s coronation on May 8. Plans are in place to navigate a potentially awkward family reunion. The King is reportedly keen to extend an olive branch to the couple, although it is unclear if they will accept it. Invitations for the 90-minute service at Westminster Abbey are to be sent out this month. Speaking to The Sun, a source said: ‘They will definitely be invited, and we are working on the assumption that they will come.’ However, they added, ‘It would be helpful if they came earlier though so it’s not a total circus on the day.’ Around 2,000 people will be invited to the high-profile event in May, with a variety of royals, dignitaries and world leaders expected to attend. Last week, the Mail on Sunday reported that Charles had drafted the Archbishop of Canterbury to broker a deal with the Sussexes, and was prepared to make some concessions in order to allow them to attend. Sources told the paper that Harry could be guaranteed a high-profile seating position in the Abbey, or an informal assurance that he will be able to keep his titles if everything goes according to plan. The King is thought to believe that the couple’s absence from the ceremony would prove to be a greater distraction than their presence. Some royal insiders have even suggested sending the prime minister in to resolve the dispute, and urged the King to use the so-called ‘Churchill precedent’, to take the ‘impossible’ decision of Harry’s attendance out of his hands – and into Rishi Sunak’s. In 1953, Winston Churchill, then prime minister, told the Duke of Windsor – who had abdicated as Edward VIII more than 16 years earlier – he would not be welcome at Queen Elizabeth’s coronation. But when asked about his thoughts on Harry and Meghan’s attendance by Piers Morgan on Thursday, the floundering PM refused to provide an answer. ‘I had a feeling you might ask me that,’ Sunak said. ‘You know I can’t talk about the Royal Family.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.