Positive vibes will be felt and pleasure will be found by many signs today who may be drawn into a dream-like state. Taurus could be in the mood to be generous, but is advised to avoid spending this energy on those who might seek to exploit their good nature. Cancer might feel regenerated by enjoying beauty and peace, while Pisces could be buoyed by uplifting people around them. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 26, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 There’s a sense of something taking shape, and it all seems very exciting. The focus on your psychological and spiritual sector hints at possibilities that you may have never considered. Watch your dreams Aries, as they could reveal much about something that’s coming into being. A jolt of inspiration may also bring the answer to a pressing issue that’s been on your mind. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may be in a generous mood and ready to do what you can to make others feel good. But under today’s compassionate sky, you could overextend yourself. Some people might appreciate it, some may realize they are on to a good thing and try to take advantage, and some could end up feeling smothered. How about showering yourself with kindness and enjoying some self-care? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You could probably do without too many distractions, especially if you have a lot on your plate. The temptation to linger over interesting conversations or to engage with social media, could mean you miss out on an opportunity. With Neptune in the picture, it’s wise to make a list of the most important tasks and get those done first. Don’t dismiss the details, as mistakes are possible. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Your vision of life could be rose-tinted, as idealistic influences encourage you to see the best in everything. You may be more aware of the beauty around you, and even be open to the sights and scenes that you would normally pass by. You may have a yearning to relax somewhere soothing and peaceful, and if you get the chance today, it could truly regenerate you, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 This may be a day to focus on the spiritual rather than the material, Leo. An uplifting blend of energies can help you to find pleasure and deep enjoyment, especially when connecting with a partner or other close ones. It’s also possible that an encounter could have quite an effect on you. Someone may seem to be everything you’re looking for, which will be very hard to resist. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may choose to be with people who are uplifting and a joy to be around. Today’s positive Moon/Neptune tie, is excellent for getting out with friends or family and doing something a little bit different. A trip out to somewhere beautiful could leave you happy and at peace. You might also be drawn to cultural events, such as music, art, crafts or a movie that truly inspires you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 There are so many reasons to cut back on your responsibilities and tasks today, and focus on enjoying yourself. And yet you could be easily persuaded to help with something that you don’t want to do. Be strong Libra, and just say no. You can assist them later when you have time, but don’t give up a social event or date just to be nice, as you’ll benefit from having some fun. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The Moon’s hook-up with soothing Neptune may enhance your imagination, making this a perfect day for creative endeavours and for romance. If you haven’t been on a date night recently, current influences might enhance passion and inspire devotion too. Looking for love? Someone may not be quite as they seem, Scorpio. It’s best not to take anything for granted. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You could lose yourself in a book or movie, and forget that the rest of the world exists. With a dreamy focus on the cards, you’ll be drawn to novels or other forms of entertainment that allow you to escape into another world and leave this one behind. If you decide to connect with friends, it might be a more proactive and adventurous day, when an encounter could blow your mind. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Wondering about a friend’s advice? If so, you’re far better off listening to your own intuition. Someone may draw your attention to alluring possibilities, but if you are interested, you would be wise to examine them thoroughly, especially if you have that feeling that it sounds too good to be true. It won’t hurt to ask a few questions, and would certainly be in your best interests. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Watch your money and keep your personal details safe, as you may not be as alert and attentive as usual. The Moon’s alignment with aquatic Neptune in your money zone, can blur your usual savvy ways with cash. You could buy something that turns out to be useless, despite good reviews, or you may misread terms and conditions. If it’s important, double check everything. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 With delightful vibes surrounding you Pisces, you might enjoy meeting with friends for a yoga or meditation session, or even a green tea and a chance to chat. You’re already very open and aware of other people’s energies, and this can be intensified at this time. Try not to absorb their moods or negativity though. Being around buoyant people can leave you vibrant and much more upbeat. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Venus in Aries makes for drama in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care