Alpine have launched their new A523 car, meaning that every Formula One car of the 2023 season has now been revealed. Unveiled on Thursday night, the A523 retains the blue and pink livery of 2022, but much like many of the other cars on this year’s grid also sports a fair bit of exposed black carbon fibre. It was also announced that for the first three races in Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and Australia, the car would sport an all-pink livery, similar to that of the Force India and Racing Point teams from 2017 to 2020. Though they failed to score a podium in 2022, Alpine finished fourth and ‘best of the rest’ in the standings ahead of rivals McLaren, with Esteban Ocon finishing eighth in the drivers’ table. ‘The livery looks fantastic – it really stands out – and I’m sure it’s going to look amazing on track,’ the 26-year-old driver said. For 2023, Ocon will have a new teammate in the form of fellow Frenchman Pierre Gasly who replaces Fernando Alonso after the two-time world champion’s shock switch to Aston Martin. Alpine had planned to replace Alonso with academy driver Oscar Piastri but the Formula 2 instead made a sensational move to McLaren in one of the craziest transfer sagas the sport has ever seen. ‘Experiencing the power of the A522 at the end of last season and seeing the developments the team is bringing for this year’s car has made me excited for what is to come with Alpine,’ former AlphaTauri and Red Bull driver Gasly said. ‘It is great to see the dedication that everyone at Enstone and Viry applies to their daily jobs in consistently pushing forwards and I cannot wait to get started in helping the team to reach its objectives for the year. There is massive potential.’ Pre-season testing begins next Thursday in Bahrain before the Sakhir international circuit holds the first race of the season on March 5. MORE : Five things we learned from Formula 1: Drive to Survive season 5 MORE : Age is no concern as Lewis Hamilton seeks to stay with Mercedes in F1 For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 