Love Island star Jessie Wynter is struggling to move on from partner Will Young’s betrayal at Casa Amor, prompting viewers to compare the ongoing cheating saga to that of Ross and Rachel from Friends. Farmer Will has faced the repercussions of his decision to kiss Layla Al-Momani during Casa Amor, despite being coupled up with Australian bombshell Jessie. Once she found out about the kiss during the recoupling, it’s needless to say that Jessie wasn’t best pleased and refused to speak to Will while hurt from the betrayal. The couple eventually kissed and made up with Will then declaring he was in love with the fitness trainer. However, the Casa Amor kiss has continued to linger on Jessie’s mind, especially after none of the boys named her and Will as the most compatible couple in a challenge this week. During Wednesday’s episode, Jessie confronted Will to lay bare her feelings and admitted she’s struggling to move forward. It only got worse when Will revealed he’d actually cut it off with Layla on day two of Casa Amor – not day one like he previously suggested. ‘That’s a really big detail to miss off, that you didn’t call things off on the first night but the second night,’ Jessie told him. ‘I feel like, Will, there are these tiny details you keep missing out… Those tiny details are what’s chipping away at my trust issues.’ Speaking in the Beach Hut, Jessie further explained: ‘I feel like he hasn’t really looked after my heart. I just don’t think he realises how much this has hurt me.’ The other islanders noticed a change in the dynamic between Jessie and Will, and noted that things had changed since they all got back from Casa Amor. It’s clear that Jessie is still hooked on the betrayal and one viewer found the situation very similar to on/off couple, Ross and Rachel, from iconic sitcom Friends. Many will remember how Ross kissed the photocopy girl during a night out just hours after an explosive row with girlfriend Rachel, who eventually found out, leading to the ongoing ‘we were on a break’ saga. One viewer tweeted: ‘Will and Jessie situation reminds me of Rachel and Ross in Friends, when Ross cheated. Rachel was so hurt becos she believed Ross was the last person on earth that would hurt her. Jessie is feeling the same way, she never thought Will would ever hurt her that way.’ Sharing their thoughts on the situation, another weighed in: ‘I think Jessie could end up leaving the villa for the sake of her mental health. I can’t see her getting over it. She must have been treated badly in the past.’ Defending Jessie’s reaction, one other said: ‘I don’t feel sorry for Will. Actions have consequences especially when you disregard someone’s feelings in the process. We all thought they would be fine during #casaamor because Will would never stray and we doubted Jessie’s feelings for him, well.’ Love Island airs each night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Claudia Fogarty erupts at Casey O’Gorman on Movie Night after finally watching him straddle Cynthia Otseh-Taiwo at Casa Amor MORE : Love Island’s Kai Fagan walks off during chat with Olivia Hawkins – and fans are seriously impressed by his ‘unbothered’ attitude 