William Gallas has revealed Benoit Badiashile’s biggest weakness after Chelsea signed him from Monaco in the January transfer window. Badiashile arrived at Stamford Bridge in a £35m deal from the Ligue 1 club as the Blues spent over £300m on eight new faces. The 21-year-old France international centre-back will likely provide competition for fellow defender Wesley Fofana, who was signed for £75m in the summer. Gallas has backed Badiashile to ‘form a strong partnership’ with Thiago Silva but has warned Blues fans about a key weakness in his game. ‘Technically, he is really good,’ Gallas told Genting Casino. ‘He has a presence and is very calm with the ball at his feet. ‘He has a good left foot and is very composed. All the ingredients are there [but] I want to see how he responds to a physical challenge. ‘When he has to go one against one with a good opponent. At Monaco, his weakness was his physicality – he struggled against bigger opponents in France. ‘We know in England that the Premier League is a lot more physical than Ligue 1, so we will have to see how he responds to this challenge.’ Quizzed about Chelsea’s spending spree since the summer, with the west London club having now splurged around £600m in the Todd Boehly era, Gallas added: ‘Chelsea are very behind the other teams in the league at the moment. ‘I look at the club and I don’t know what they’re doing, just buy, buy, buy players, handing out seven-year contracts like in American sports. ‘I’ve never heard of a seven-year contract in England – that is the style of the American owners. ‘I think slowly, slowly, Todd Boelhy will understand that football is totally different to American football or American sports generally. ‘At the moment, he has bought players but where are the results? They fired Tuchel and brought in Graham Potter, but they don’t have the results. ‘They fired all the medical staff but on face value it’d be a concern if they are delivering better results. ‘You have so many players that are injured at the club. Fofana is injured. Reece James was injured, came back and got injured again. ‘It’s a big mess at Chelsea at the moment. What are they going to do with all these players they have signed? They have bought so many players. ‘What will they do with the players they don’t want at the end of the season? They will try to sell them, but some players will not want to go. What will they do then? ‘If you want to compare Chelsea under Abramovich and under Boehly, you have to remember that Abramovich bought the club and the objective was to qualify for the Champions League. ‘He was an owner who took his time. He learned the mentality of the club and also got to understand how football works in the UK – that is what you have to do. ‘Boehly came into the club and changed everything. Buying players, firing a coach, bringing in Potter, firing the medical staff. It is the responsibility of the owner and we’ll see what happens.’ MORE : Big-money Chelsea signings to miss out on Champions League squad MORE : What Chelsea’s best XI now looks like after Enzo Fernandez and Mykhailo Mudryk signings in January window 