Leonardo DiCaprio is the talk of the town this week after speculation mounted that he was dating 19-year-old model Eden Polani. The rumours have been denied by a source, who has insisted the Titanic actor, 48, is not in a relationship with the teen, but all eyes are now on Eden as she’s been thrust into the spotlight. It all kicked off when Leo was pictured sitting beside Eden at the album launch party for singer Ebony Riley – also known as Riley Montana – in January. Rumours began flying that the pair were secretly dating following Leo’s split from Camila Morrone, 25, in August. He was then linked to supermodel Gigi Hadid, 27, and later actress Victoria Lamas, 23. However, a source told Metro.co.uk that Leo and Eden are not an item, stating: ‘There is absolutely no truth to this. We don’t date everyone we are in a photo with.’ With Eden now under the microscope, here’s a look at the model’s rise to fame… Eden was born on March 21, 2003 and is 19 years old. She was born in Israel and currently lives in Los Angeles. Eden is a model signed to ITM Model Management. So far, she’s appeared on the cover of three Israeli magazines, most notably fronting Glamour. As of Wednesday, Eden’s Instagram account appears to have been removed, with the model possibly wanting to take a break amid the Leo dating rumours. However, she boasted 230,000 followers before the page disappeared. The picture of Leo and Eden sitting together at a party sparked the mounting dating rumours – and criticism of the 29-year age gap. A source denied the claims to Metro.co.uk, while another insider told People: ‘Leo and Eden just so happened to have been seated next to each other at the party, and were hanging in the same group… ‘Just because Leo might be talking to or sitting with a girl doesn’t mean he’s dating her.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Robbie Williams’ dad breaks spine after nasty fall due to Parkinson’s disease MORE : Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu calls for donations in Turkey appeal after family members are forced to sleep outside  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 