Richard Keys has taken another swipe at Wout Weghorst and claims Manchester United are effectively ‘playing with 10 men’ with the Netherlands striker in the team. United signed Weghorst on loan from Burnley in January after releasing superstar striker Cristiano Ronaldo during the World Cup. Weghorst got his first taste of the Premier League at Turf Moor but only scored twice for the Clarets as they were relegated from the Premier League to the Championship. The 30-year-old fared better on loan at Besiktas before his move to Old Trafford, scoring eight goals and providing four assists in 16 league games. Weghorst has been a mainstay in the Manchester United team since arriving in England last month but has only scored one goal in 10 appearances for the Red Devils. Despite this, Erik ten Hag has often heaped praise on his compatriot and hailed his work-rate and pressing, with United winning five of their last seven games to close in on Premier League leaders Arsenal and reach the EFL Cup final. But sports broadcaster Keys has not been impressed by Weghorst’s contributions and says United are effectively ‘playing with 10 men’ when the Dutchman is in the team. ‘You’re playing with ten men most weeks if he’s in’, Keys said of Weghorst on beIN SPORTS. ‘I mean, he doesn’t do enough to justify a starting place does he? Come on, let’s be honest!’ Keys’ latest comments come after he mocked Premier League giants Man United for signing ‘lump’ Weghorst during the January transfer window. Weghorst is still searching for his first goal at Old Trafford after missing a good chance in Manchester United’s 3-0 Premier League victory over Leicester City on Sunday. The result takes United to within three points of second-placed Manchester City and five behind Arsenal, who have a game in hand. Reacting to United’s win, Ten Hag said: ‘Leicester is a great team, they played really well and made it really tough for us. ‘It was also by us, we didn’t follow the rules and the principles of the game from our way of play and then you get punished. ‘We were lucky and it is only because of David de Gea that we don’t concede a goal. Great saves, we were not disciplined and it is not right. ‘We came in at half time and said it. We were 1-0 up, we knew also how to beat them because there was a lot of space in the midfield and behind their defending line.  ‘The team is putting Marcus Rashford in the right positions, especially Bruno Fernandes, he creates how many passes, he gives behind, he crosses in. Not only Bruno but I think he is doing a great job. ‘We need all players in form but we have to follow the principles of our way of play and if we do that, we can play very well and we have seen that in the second half.’ Asked if Manchester United are in the title race, the ex-Ajax manager added: ‘We don’t think about that, we think about tomorrow. ‘We have to be a better version of ourselves and that is what we have to work for. We are in February, don’t look far ahead.’ MORE : Barcelona star Sergio Busquets returns to squad ahead of Manchester United decider MORE : Erik ten Hag singles out three Man Utd stars after ‘rubbish’ first half against Leicester For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 