Barcelona winger Raphinha has apologised to his manager and teammates after his furious reaction to being substituted against Manchester United. The former Leeds United star provided the assist for Marcos Alonso’s opener and saw his cross end up in the back of the net after deceiving United defenders to level a pulsating game at 2-2 in Thursday’s Europa League play-off first leg. With Barcelona pushing for a late winner, Raphinha was replaced on 83 minutes with Ferran Torres replacing him for the final stretch. The Brazilian was visibly annoyed to see his number come up and was seen hitting the substitutes’ bench in frustration after coming off with his teammates around him forced to step in and calm him down. ‘I already spoke to the coach after the game, I took the opportunity to apologise to everyone,’ Raphinha said. ‘To the coach again, to Ferran, who was going to take my position, to the team, to the fans. ‘But there are times when we really want to be on the pitch to help the team win. ‘We are human beings and we all have moments that we cannot control. I know that I made a mistake and I am here to apologise to everyone and it won’t happen anymore.’ Xavi was understanding of Raphinha’s reaction, insisting he made the change ‘for the good of the team’ with the Brazilian grateful for his manager’s reaction. ‘He has told me that it’s fine, to be calm. The coach was already a player and knows that this happens. ‘Obviously it can’t happen, but there are times when you don’t control your feelings. I already asked for forgiveness and tomorrow I will ask the team for forgiveness again.’ Former Chelsea defender Alonso headed home Raphinha’s cross to open the scoring before Marcus Rashford lashed home an equaliser two minutes later. Jules Kounde put past his own goalkeeper after more fine work from Rashford before Raphinha levelled the contest 14 minutes from full-time. MORE : Barcelona handed huge blow for Manchester United second leg clash with Gavi and Pedri set to miss out MORE : Paul Scholes blames three Manchester United players for Barcelona opener in Europa League thriller For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 