A mum-of-two, from the West Midlands, has been left heartbroken after her beloved cat vanished. However, in a strange turn of events, she discovered that prior to his disappearance he had been run over outside her home and survived. Michelle Michael’s ginger tabby, Romeo, miraculously managed to scurry away after the car drove over him. But Michelle, 43, said he didn’t come home and she hasn’t seen him for more than a month. Now she is trying to track down the driver to find out more about Romeo’s disappearance. Michelle made the discovery through a 13-second CCTV clip, which shows the cat running across the road as a black Vauxhall Mokka approaches. The car passes over Romeo but he then darts off. However, it’s unclear from the clip whether the car actually hits the cat. ‘I’ve had him since he was a kitten and he was a present from my mum,’ Michelle said. ‘That’s why he means so much to me and the family.’ The childcare worker has since left a pillow, food and the contents of the vacuum cleaner outside her house. She and her family hope the smell will draw Romeo back to where they live in Keresley End, near Coventry. ‘I still go out every night searching for him and calling his name in the hope he’s nearby and being cared for,’ Michelle explained. ‘He got cataracts and his eyesight is not good so his sense of smell is vital to him. ‘We’ve contacted all the vets in the area, as well as the RSPCA and the PSDSA, but so far no luck. ‘In the CCTV footage he goes under the car, but runs off towards the school so I’m really hoping he’s not seriously hurt.’ Michelle is now backing a campaign that is calling for the law to ensure any driver who hits a cat, then stops and reports the incident to the police. Currently, under the Road Traffic Act (1988), drivers are required to report collisions involving animals such as dogs, horses, pigs and sheep. Sadly, cats are not protected under the same law. ‘It’s the law for dogs so why not cats? They are not just pets or “just a cat,” they are part of our families,’ Michelle said. Posters of Romeo have since been put up around the area, but some have been ripped down. Michelle has also received false calls from people claiming to have found Romeo. One cruel caller even made cat noises in the background. ‘Those people are sick,’ Michelle added. ‘All we want is to know he’s alive.’ Here’s hoping Romeo returns home safe and sound very soon. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Giant cat is so big it’s the same height as a nine-year-old child MORE : Thirty dogs join border collie for her last walk before she’s put down MORE : ‘Lovely’ cat found abandoned in zipped-up laundry bag