Graeme Souness picked out two Manchester United players for praise after the Red Devils beat Leicester City at Old Trafford. United’s impressive form under Erik ten Hag continued on Sunday as they secured a 3-0 win over Brendan Rodgers’ Leicester. Marcus Rashford maintained his sensational streak to put United in front midway through the first half with his 23th goal of the season. The England forward doubled Manchester United’s lead shortly after half-time and Jadon Sancho added a third as the hosts proved too strong for Leicester. Souness heaped praise on United after the emphatic victory and reserved special praise for goalscorer Rashford and goalkeeper David de Gea, who produced two superb saves in the first half with the score level. ‘The difference between the two sides was Marcus Rashford,’ Souness told Sky Sports. ‘Manchester United need to thank David de Gea as well though for making two great saves. If they go in it’s a different and a potentially difficult game for United. ‘But United showed today that they are a very difficult team to play against right now.’ The result leaves Manchester United third in the Premier League, three points behind Manchester City and five behind surprise leaders Arsenal. United have amassed more points than any other Premier League team since the season resumed after the World Cup break. Rashford, who was named Player of the Match, said: ‘Overall a good day. They created good opportunities and David made a great save at the end of the first half, without that we can’t go on to win the game. ‘It’s still early in the season, we’re fighting for a lot of different things and we have another big game in the week to hopefully go through to the next round of the Europa League and then a massive game for us [against Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final]. ‘I don’t feel like slowing down and always want to improve.’ Asked about United’s title aspirations, Rashford added: ‘We’re close but both teams in front of us are good teams and playing good football. We have to just focus on ourselves, do as well as we can and keep picking up points.’ MORE : Michael Owen names favourite to win title as Man Utd close gap on Man City and Arsenal MORE : Harry Maguire out of Manchester United’s clash against Leicester with knee injury For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 