Happy Valley has officially aired its last ever episode. The Sarah Lancashire police drama came to a conclusion that fans are calling a ‘masterpiece’ as Sgt. Catherine Cawood earned a bittersweet victory over nemesis Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton). The episode was seen by 7.5 million people, making it the highest-watched programme of 2023 so far. In addition, many fans are demanding Baftas for the cast and crew during awards season. But while there might be no more Happy Valley to watch, there are other places you can find lead cast member Sarah Lancashire, who has stolen hearts and minds across the country for her performance as Sgt. Cawood. Here’s where you can see more of her. Written and created by Happy Valley’s Sally Wainwright, Last Tango in Halifax follows the lives of two widows who reconnect with each other and decide to get married. Their arrangement brings their respective families together. In 2012, Sarah first appeared in the show as Caroline, the daughter of Celia Dawson (Anne Reid). Caroline entered into a same-sex relationship with Kate (Nina Sosanya) as the show explored LGBTQ+ themes. Last Tango in Halifax was not the first time Sarah and Sally had worked together, but it was the first time Sarah had starred in a project created by Sally. Sarah would play Caroline until the show’s finale in 2020. Watch Last Tango in Halifax on iPlayer and BritBox. In 2018, Sarah starred as social worker Miriam Grayson in the Channel 4 drama miniseries Kiri, which followed the story of the efforts to rescue a young girl kidnapped from the Bristol area and bring her abductors to justice. The miniseries was written by the genius that is Jack Thorne, who has since been behind some of the most impactful shows in recent memory, including Channel 4’s Help starring Jodie Comer and Stephen Graham. Watch Kiri on All 4. After her role in Kiri, Sarah continued to work on Channel 4 drama miniseries. In 2019, she took on the role of Polly Bevan, a hairdresser and wife to a local politician, Iwan Bevan (Mark Lewis Jones). The series begins as the town of Glyngolau loses its coal mine and steel mill, after both are shut down. A Japanese firm open a factory nearby, with Iwan at the centre of the development. However, the factory collapses, which kills the site’s manager and eight teenagers who were trespassing on the site of the factory at the time. Polly’s daughter Leona (Jade Croot) is implicated in the incident. Watch The Accident on All4. Sarah’s most recent work outside of Happy Valley is the US drama Julia, which is based on the life of celebrity chef Julia Child. Child, who died in 2004, was celebrated for bringing French cuisine to the American public. The series boasts an impressive cast, featuring David Hyde Pierce (Frasier), Emmy-award winning actress Bebe Neuwirth, and Fiona Glascott, who has starred as a young Professor McGonagall in the Fantastic Beasts franchise. Many felt Sarah was snubbed by the Emmys and Golden Globe,s but with a secind series confirmed perhaps her time is coming. Julia is available on NOW. Sarah got her first big break on British TV when she played Rovers Return barmaid Raquel Wolstenhulme (later Watts) on ITV soap Coronation Street between 1991 and 1996, returning for a short period in the year 2000. During this time, Happy Valley writer and creator Sally Wainwright would link up with Sarah for the first time. Their creative relationship would eventually blossom into other hit dramas on British TV. Sarah appeared in over 500 episodes of Corrie, during which she worked behind the bar at the Rovers, married Curly Watts (Kevin Kennedy), and eventually left the street (and Curly) after accepting a job in Malaysia. She returned four years later for one episode, in which she told Curly that she was pregnant when she left and gave birth to their daughter, Alice, before moving to France. Curly and Raquel agree to divorce and go their separate ways. Her best moments as Raquel can be found across the internet. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sarah Lancashire secretly worked on special gift for Happy Valley cast for unbelievable final series MORE : Happy Valley star avoided by people on the street after playing abusive husband: ‘Not many people want to compliment you’ 