We’ve seen Jay Z in action as the ultimate Instagram husband in the past with his snaps of Beyoncé, but now it seems Blue Ivy has got him well and truly trained. The rapper joined stars at the State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, ready for the Super Bowl which will see Rihanna take to the stage for the hotly-anticipated Halftime Show. Before the music, though, there’s the small matter of a football game to contend with, which the Carters were fully kitted out for. The music star – real name Shawn Corey Carter – put himself at the front of the race for dad of the year as he got stuck into an impromptu photoshoot with his eldest daughter. Jay, 53, was captured crouching down on the pitch, while 11-year-old Blue posed up a storm for the camera, as her famous dad snapped away. Wearing a ‘Crew’ hoodie and black joggers, Jay was in full photographer mode, ensuring he got all Blue’s best angles. Beyoncé’s mini-me looked beyond cool in a baggy tracksuit set, complete with a cap and black shades. Fixing her hair, the youngster made sure she was shot in her best light, proving herself to be a little model in the making. Well, she does already have a Grammy, after all! Behind Blue, there was plenty of commotion, as attendees took to their seats and players warmed up on the pitch. It’s safe to say fans were obsessed with the adorable father-daughter moment, with many joking that Blue was his ‘boss’ and had ‘trained him well.’ ‘She’s making him work’, one Twitter user joked. ‘Blue’s employee’, quipped another. The pair were later spotted chatting with chef Gordon Ramsay, who was also in attendance for the big game. There was no sign of Queen Bey herself at the game, or the couple’s twins, Sir and Rumi, five. Perhaps they had a VIP spot, or were simply planning on enjoying the game from the comfort of their home, allowing Bey time to take everything in following a stellar week of Grammy and Brit Award wins. Tonight, Rihanna will return to the stage for the first time in five years for a 13-minute performance of her hits. While details of the performance – set to be watched by over 100million – have been kept under wraps, the Barbadian star has certainly teased us. Rihanna recently revealed she’s had countless set-lists, and also assured her set will honour her Caribbean roots. Speaking ahead of the big event, the Umbrella songstress said preparations have well and truly taken over her life. ‘I’ve been so focused on the Super Bowl that I totally forgot my birthday is coming up, I forgot about Valentine’s Day,’ she told a press conference. ‘I’m just like, “Super Bowl, Super Bowl, Super Bowl!” ‘We’re excited to do the Super Bowl. We’ve been working on it for a while and every day it gets closer to the finished product. ‘It feels like it could have only been now. When I first got the call to do it again this year, I was like: “Are you sure? I’m three months postpartum, should I be making major decisions like this right now? I might regret this.” ‘When you become a mom, there’s something that happens where you feel like you can take on the world, you can do anything. The Super Bowl is one of the biggest stages in the world so… As scary as that was, because I haven’t been on stage in seven years, there’s something exhilarating about the challenge of it all. ‘It’s important for me to do this year, it’s important for representation. It’s important for my son to see that.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna studied Beyonce’s Super Bowl halftime show to prepare for own performance: ‘She’s a beast’ MORE : Inside the luxury suites where A-listers will watch the Super Bowl: featuring private kitchens, a pizzeria and 360° views of Rihanna  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 