Sit back. Close your eyes. Now think of Tetris. You’re watching rainbow-coloured, oblong blocks fall from the sky, right? Well, erase that image from your mind – because the trailer for a new film exploring the iconic game’s origin has arrived, and there’s not a falling block in sight (well, maybe one or two). Instead, the trailer for Tetris, starring Taron Egerton and directed by Jon S. Baird, features run-ins with the KGB and a dramatic car chase to boot. Yep, it’s a stone-cold Cold War thriller. In the film, which hits Apple TV+ on March 31, Egerton plays Dutch entrepreneur Henk Rogers, who’s desperate to snap up the international distribution rights for Tetris. As the action-packed trailer reveals, Rogers not only finds himself having to face off against the likes of the KGB in his quest for the game’s rights but is also challenged by Tetris’ inventor Alex Pajitnov (played by Nikita Yefremov) and even Nintendo boss Hiroshi Yamauchi (Togo Igawa). The movie’s official synopsis reads: ‘Tetris tells the unbelievable story of how one of the world’s most popular video games found its way to avid players around the globe. ‘Henk Rogers discovers Tetris in 1988, and then risks everything by traveling to the Soviet Union, where he joins forces with inventor Alexey Pajitnov to bring the game to the masses. ‘Based on a true story, Tetris is a Cold War–era thriller on steroids, with double-crossing villains, unlikely heroes, and a nail-biting race to the finish.’ Speaking about the film to Entertainment Weekly, Egerton said: ‘It’s a great thriller, and everyone’s fantastic.’ He added: It’s a great supporting cast. There are some real top-tier British stalwarts like Roger Allam. He’s amazing, and they did an incredible job of making him look like Robert Maxwell. ‘It was quite eerie, actually, when I first saw him. Then there’s a host of really brilliant Russian actors as well. So it’s a really strong cast, and it came together really well.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : LGBTQ+ broadcasters to hold minute silence for Brianna Ghey and to ‘stand together against hate’ MORE : Richard E Grant wears incredibly poignant piece of clothing to Dame Vivienne Westwood’s memorial service 