Abbey Clancy has expressed her anger at husband and former Liverpool striker Peter Crouch after he said making it to the final of the Champions League was better than the birth of his children. The 37-year-old model confronted her sportsman spouse over the claims while filming an episode of their podcast The Therapy Crouch. Peter and Abbey share four kids together – Sophia, 11, Liberty, seven, Johnny, four, and Jack, three. Denying the claims and explaining to his wife his words were misconstrued, the blonde beauty wasn’t having any of it and pressed her partner – who she married in June 2011 – for answers. ‘Having children doesn’t even come close to the feeling you get when you play football’, the WAG began. She then rooted around for her mobile phone and added: ‘I’m actually gonna try and find this on my phone now because it was actually disgusting.’ ‘Well this is something you know that we come across, I think when you are potentially in the public eye, you know stories and words can be misconstrued hopefully,’ Peter said in defence of himself. Despite his attempts at salvation, Abbey continued on her tirade and read out the headline: ‘Peter Crouch says getting to the Champions League final was better than the birth of his kids.’ The model pressed on: ‘Three days ago you said this’, to which her other half replied: ‘Yeah but I obviously said it a while ago, they just put it in 3 days ago.’ Abbey then spoke over Peter: ‘So you did say it.’ ‘Well loosely’, the former footballer admitted. To prove her point further, she then pulled up another article and started reading: ‘Peter Crouch has risked the fury of wife Abbey Clancy by saying that Liverpool’s path to the Champions League final was better than the birth of his four kids. ‘The striker only came on as a sub – you weren’t even a real player, you weren’t even involved. How can you even say that?’ Peter and Abbey’s recent public spat came after the top goal scorer at the time revealed in October: ‘Look, I love my two girls and my two boys, but I have to be honest: getting to the Champions League final is better.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peter Crouch’s reaction to waking up in bed next to Holly Willoughby is priceless – as it took a shameful length of time for him to realise MORE : Abbey Clancy wants Peter Crouch to dress up as a sexy Viking in the bedroom 