Serial rapist Met Police officer David Carrick has been jailed for life for ‘using and abusing’ his role to take ‘monstrous advantage’ of 12 vulnerable victims over two decades. Carrick, 48, was branded a ‘monster’ by one victim, while another described how she had ‘encountered evil’ after being attacked by him. Southwark Crown Court heard the disgraced PC, nicknamed ‘Bastard Dave’, carried out a ‘catalogue of violent and brutal’ sex attacks between 2003 and 2020. Home Secretary Suella Braverman described his crimes as ‘a scar on our police’ and said ‘it is vital we uncover how he was able to wear the uniform for so long’. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan added: ‘This should never have been allowed to happen and must never happen again. ‘There can be no hiding place for those who abuse their position of trust and authority within the police. Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley apologised to women in London for failings by the force. Speaking outside New Scotland Yard, he said: ‘He should not have been a police officer. ‘The treatment that he subjected his victims to was truly degrading and inhumane. ‘There were many signs… it is upsetting to be stood here talking about this and I apologise again to the victims and indeed I apologise to the women of London, many of whom will be troubled and their trust in policing will be shaken.’ Carrick, who joined the Met in 2001 before becoming an armed officer with the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command in 2009, used the ‘power and control’ of his status as a policeman to silence the women or stop them leaving. When one did stump up the courage to report her ordeal to an A&E nurse she was told there was little point making a complaint because ‘the law tend to protect their own’. Carrick was unmasked as one of the country’s worst ever sex offenders after pleading guilty to 49 charges, including 24 counts of rape. The judge, Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb handed him 36 life sentences, with a minimum term of 30 years. She told Carrick: ‘All the victims were aware of your occupation and affected by it, some of whom you specifically reassured, tricked or intimidated, abusing the trust the public vest in police officers.’ The judge said: ‘These convictions represent a spectacular downfall for a man charged with upholding the law and empowered to do so even to the extent of being authorised to bear a firearm in the execution of those duties. ‘Behind the public appearance of propriety and trustworthiness you took monstrous advantage of women drawn into intimate relationships with you. ‘You brazenly raped and sexually assaulted many women, some you barely knew. You behaved as if you were untouchable. ‘You were bold, and at times relentless, trusting that no victim would overcome her shame and fear to report you. ‘For nearly two decades you were proved right. But now, a combination of those 12 women by coming forward, and your police colleagues by acting on their evidence, have exposed you and brought you low. ‘You have lost your liberty, your job, and your status. You have before you the prospect of a difficult time in custody for many years.’ Carrick sat in the dock with his eyes closed and head bowed during the hearing in a packed courtroom, including some of his victims, and showed no emotion as he was sentenced. The court heard he attempted to kill himself while on remand at Belmarsh prison and was detained in a secure hospital but was found not to be suffering from any mental disorder. The judge told him: ‘You were driven to try to commit suicide as a self-pitying reaction to the shame brought on you by these proceedings rather than remorse.’ Carrick’s crimes were all carried out while he was a serving police officer. He passed vetting checks to guard sites including embassies and the Houses of Parliament and completed training courses, including one on domestic abuse in 2005. Carrick told one victim ‘he was the safest person that she could be with and that he was a police officer’. The court heard he sent one of his victims a photograph of himself with a police-issue gun, saying: ‘Remember I am the boss.’ Carrick also used his police baton as a threat and handcuffs in an attack over 17 years between 2003 and 2020. Mr Little said a search of Carrick’s electronic devices revealed searches for pornography including words such as ‘extreme’ and ‘painful’. He also read out harrowing victim impact statements. One wrote: ‘That night I felt I had encountered evil, for the past 19 years I’ve been lost in my own life mainly due to this one event. ‘I distinctly remember his words: “Come on you can trust me, I am the safest person you can be around I am a police officer”. ‘I honestly thought he was going to kill me that night, I thought he was going to rape me and kill me and that my life would be over.’ Describing how she went to hospital and told the nurse and doctor a police officer was responsible, she went on: ‘The nurse told me that it wasn’t the first time, she had heard this and unfortunately, she doubted it would be the last. ‘She told me it would be very hard getting it to go to court as the law tends to protect their own and that it is also likely that he would know it was you and could make your life hell for doing so.’ Another victim said: ‘I was too frightened to go to the police to lodge a complaint as the defendant had drilled it into me that “he was the Police; he was the law; and he owned me”. ‘I was convinced the police would not believe me and would not investigate my complaint. I was terrified of making myself a target, so I remained silent.’ The Met was forced to apologise and admit Carrick should have been rooted out earlier after it emerged he came to police attention over nine separate incidents between 2000 and 2021. They included allegations of rape, domestic violence and harassment with all but one of the incidents relating to his behaviour towards women. Carrick faced no criminal sanctions or misconduct findings and police chiefs across England and Wales have since been asked to have all officers checked against national police databases by the end of March. He was finally sacked from the force last month after his final guilty pleas and his crimes are set to form part of the independent inquiry looking at the murder of Sarah Everard, who was raped and strangled by then-serving Met officer Wayne Couzens in March 2021. The case is the latest in a string of damaging scandals for the Met, including Ms Everard’s murder, racist and misogynist messages exchanged by a team at Charing Cross, and the strip-search of a teenage girl at school while she was menstruating. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.