A serial killer-obsessed woman who knifed her sleeping lover to death and gleefully showed a friend his dead body has been convicted of murder. Mother-of-one Shaye Groves, 27, sliced 25-year-old Frankie Fitzgerald’s throat before stabbing him in the chest 17 times at her home in Havant, Hampshire, last July. Prosecutors said she ‘snapped’ out of ‘jealousy’ after finding messages on his phone with a 13-year-old girl. Groves, who had framed portraits of Myra Hindley and Jeffrey Dahmer as well as horror-themed ‘decorative’ knives hanging on her wall, then used her extensive knowledge of true crime documentaries to try and create a false alibi. She began by texting her pal Vikki Baitup to say Frankie, 25, had stormed out after a row. But Ms Baitup later received a phone call from Groves who began ‘giggling away’ while having a ‘very normal conversation – asking how my weekend was’, a court heard. Groves then switched to a video call, telling Ms Baitup she had something ‘really big’ to show her but she had ‘to promise not to tell anyone’. She proceeded to show her friend Mr Fitzgerald’s body, including a close-up of an ‘enormous’ knife wound. Afterwards she pivoted toward portraying herself as a victim, sending Ms Baitup clips from the couple’s sex tapes edited together to make it look like he had raped her and been violent toward her. But detectives found the the full-length videos, which portrayed consensual sex when ‘viewed in context’, the court heard. Jurors were told the couple’s sex life ‘involved bondage, dominance, submission and masochism – in short form, BDSM’ and that ‘both of them were into knife play when it came to intercourse’. Groves also claimed Mr Fitzgerald had throttled her so forcefully during a row that she ‘couldn’t breathe or scream’. She told the court she had ‘hit him in the neck’ with the dagger mistakenly, having meant to grab a money box beside her bed. But prosecutors revealed how she had previously told Ms Baitup: ‘I just lost it. I just lost it. I picked up my dagger and stabbed him in the neck.’ Steven Perian KC, said: ‘It is very likely she was obsessed with Frankie Fitzgerald because of his performance in the bedroom. ‘The killing of Frankie Fitzgerald is very likely to be a crime of passion driven by her jealousy.’ As well as the framed pictures of serial killers, Groves collected true crime books such as biographies of notorious violent prisoner Charles Bronson. Mr Perian added that ‘by reading about and watching murder documentaries, [Groves] was familiar with crime scenes, how to create a false narrative and how to set up a false alibi. ‘She deliberately set up a false narrative of being abused by Frankie Fitzgerald, a false alibi she sent to Vicky Baitup and was cleaning the crime scene having watched these documentaries.’ After the conviction, jurors were also told Groves had been dealing cannabis. She will be sentenced for the murder on February 22. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.