Vanessa Feltz reportedly learned that her ex-fiance Ben Ofoedu was ‘cheating’ on her after being sent ‘extremely hurtful’ messages on Christmas. The broadcaster, 60, announced her split from Ofoedu, 50 – who she had been with for 16 years – following infidelity rumours earlier this month. She has since emotionally shared updates with fans, saying her heart ‘snapped into a million pieces’ and she’s been left unable to sleep. The This Morning star’s daughter Allegra Kurer, 37, whom she shares with ex-husband Michael Kurer, has now opened up further about the split. She revealed that she and her sister Saskia, 34, were sent messages to their Instagram accounts from a troll, which were so vile they called the police. Kurer said they received the ‘most dreadful shock’ when they opened up the ‘very abusive’ and ‘extremely hurtful’ DMs on Christmas Day from ‘some anonymous troll.’ She told The Sun: ‘It was anonymous, and of course it revealed lots that we didn’t know — but it was also very abusive and extremely hurtful.’ While the siblings didn’t know the name or identity of the sender, Kurer said there was enough information to know they were true and eventually decided to break the news to Feltz. Kurer then said they decided to get the police involved over the nature of the messages, adding they had never expected to be in such a situation. After news of the breakup emerged, Feltz shared her heartbreak on This Morning and encouraged fans to send in their advice. ‘Help me out,’ she joked. She added: ‘But if you got stuff that you want to tell me, I’d be really grateful to receive it, because I really feel like I’m in the eye of the storm at the moment. I haven’t got to the bit where I can look back on it, I’m right in it.’ It’s also rumoured that Feltz has been lined up to star on Channel 4 dating show, Celebs Go Dating, which has seen the likes of Liam Reardon and Ulrika Jonsson. A source told The Sun: ‘Vanessa is top of the wish list when it comes to casting. ‘Talks with potential cast mates are going to begin next month and producers are willing to throw big money Vanessa’s way in a bid to get her to sign on the dotted line.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Ofoedu for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vanessa Feltz undergoes hair transformation after split from fiancé Ben Ofoedu MORE : Vanessa Feltz ‘lined-up for huge dating show’ after split from fiancé Ben Ofoedu 