Arsenal legend Martin Keown is worried Manchester City will use the Premier League’s charge as ‘fuel’ to go on and win this season’s title. Manchester City could face a points sanction after being charged by the Premier League by allegedly breaking a string of Financial Fair Play rules. The offences, which are alleged to have been committed from 2009 to 2018, are in breach of the Premier League’s rules on ‘fair’ spending. The investigation, which has taken four years, alleges that the club did not give a fair reflection of its revenue, sponsorship deals and operating costs. Arsenal, meanwhile, are currently top of the Premier League table and are looking to win their first title in 2004. They are five points clear of Pep Guardiola’s second-placed side with a game in hand, but City have won four of the last five titles and are still in the fight. Former Arsenal defender Keown is now concerned that the Premier League charge handed to City may have a negative impact on Mikel Arteta’s team. ‘I’m pretty certain this will only galvanise the City players,’ Keown told talkSPORT. ‘This can be used as fuel to get back to the top of the Premier League table. ‘There’s a feeling that the world is against them now, the ramifications are huge. These players will want to hit back, they’ll use this as energy. ‘They’ll have the best lawyers in the world against this and they’ll want to get the truth out.’ City defender Kyle Walker has warned Arsenal that there may be ‘twists and turns’ to come in the title race before the season is over. ‘There is still a lot of football to be played,’ he told Sky Sports on Sunday. ‘I have been here many, many years in the Premier League and I know the twists and turns that can happen. ‘I know what this team is about. I know what this team can do. We can go on runs from now until the end of the season and it’s just about us doing that really.’ MORE : Man City at risk of being removed from the Premier League over financial breaches MORE : What is Financial Fair Play and what punishments do clubs face for breaking the rules? 