In 1999 when he was 10-years-old Spencer Matthews and his family were given the most unbearable news -their brother and son, Michael was dead. Three hours after becoming the youngest ever Briton to reach the summit of Mount Everest, Michael completely vanished and was never seen again. It’s been over 20 years since the Matthews family last saw Michael, heard his laugh, listened as he planned another wild adventure, but three years ago they were given fresh hope that they might finally be able to bring Michael home. Spencer received an image from another climber who had spotted a body near where his brother disappeared, wearing vibrant red clothing just like Michael. Could it be him? It’s the closest the Matthews family have ever come to thinking that suddenly they may be able to find some sort of closure or peace and say their goodbye. Without much hesitation, Spencer flew to Nepal, days after welcoming his third child with wife Vogue Williams who, despite giving birth moments before her husband leaves for weeks is only supportive, to see for himself if the man in the photo could be his ‘superhero’ brother. Finding Michael is the extraordinary film on Disney Plus following Spencer’s journey as he retraces Michael’s final steps, determined to bring a his brother back down from the mountain with the help of the most experienced team in what is one of the highest recovery missions ever recorded. ‘I felt like I hadn’t been that close to Mike in over 20 years,’ says Spencer, the day after his Made In Chelsea co-stars and entire family came out to support him during the first ever screening of Finding Michael. ‘This has really helped me move through the pain of his loss. There’s no resentment there anymore, I’ve come to terms with his death completely. Now when I look at photos of him in our house, I smile. It makes me happy to see him instead of feeling angry about it.’ In Finding Michael, Spencer can’t actually hide his excitement to get going. Of course, he’s fully aware of the emotional and physical turmoil he’s putting himself through, but the unique opportunity to really explore his grief and his brother Mike is too special to pass up – even with a newborn baby. ‘In a strange way I was really looking forward to it. I remember going to a memorial service for Michael, when I must have just turned 11, shortly after he died, and about 500 people came to that. ‘I can remember at the time thinking, “This is a huge amount of people”. As I grew up, I realised how odd that at a young age he managed to touch as many lives as he had. But we never had a body so it it wasn’t a funeral in a traditional sense where you can go and visit your family member and say a prayer for them or be close to them. ‘Mike was always in my eyes left alone, potentially facedown in the cold many miles away. It always sat uncomfortably with me.’ But it was impossible to comprehend what was really in store. ‘I couldn’t have anticipated the feelings that I would have in the lead up, I’ve always kind of suppressed emotions since the young age. ‘I’ve always had the great fortune to be in a loving family, but as I say in the film, “weakness” and “crying” was just not a done thing in our family. We just buckled up and got on this stuff.’ The film isn’t driven by drama – this isn’t a true crime documentary by any stretch, which actually it so could have been. Instead of attempting to solve mysteries surrounding Mike’s death, Finding Michael is really a film about about brotherly love, loss and hope. It is, however, packed with remarkable twists. The story behind Spencer’s friendship with Bear Grylls, (who also serves as executive producer) is quite something after the now celebrity survival expert was a special guest at Spencer’s school. Subsequently that chance first encounter eventually, years later, would in part be a driving force behind the film. It was important for Spencer and Bear the film wouldn’t dwell too much on why Michael died or how, but the mission itself and the unexpected journey and challenges that entailed. However, that doesn’t mean Spencer doesn’t still have many questions which remain unanswered. ‘I always grew up feeling that his death was because of the mistakes made by others, because of a poorly organized expedition started. Essentially, if it been run properly he would still be alive so to me, this never was a mountaineering accident. ‘I had huge levels of resentment and anger against those who I felt were responsible for his death, and that’s a kind of additional layer of complexity to the grieving process because had Michael fallen and died I wouldn’t have that level of level of hatred and anger towards the people who you felt were responsible for his death. ‘After going through this journey, I don’t think I’ll ever forgive the actions of some of the people involved in the 1999 expedition, but I no longer feel anything towards them.’ Finding Michael is layered with unique and frank conversations surrounding the eternal pain of grief. It’s a film about family, about the unbreakable bond between siblings even after death. People will no doubt all leave taking something different from it but whoever you are and our experience, you will be guaranteed to take away something profound. I was admittedly on the brink of tears throughout our chat. ‘That the film touched you in some way is the point of making a difficult documentary. I want to give Mike a legacy and speak to anyone who experiences loss.’ Finding Michael is available to stream on Disney Plus from March 3. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 