Authorities in southern California are remaining optimistic in the search for Julian Sands. They have shared that they’re still ‘hopeful’ of finding the A Room With A View actor alive and well, but admitted the outcome of searches for the British star ‘may not be what we would like.’ San Bernardino County Sheriff’s department said conditions in the area remain dangerous, but that ground searches were planned. Sands has now been missing for four weeks, after first being reported missing in the Mount Baldy region of the San Gabriel mountains on January 13. ‘Regarding the search for Julian Sands, we remain hopeful but know the outcome may not be what we would like,’ a spokesperson for the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s department told the PA news agency. ‘Conditions on Mt Baldy remain a danger and our Aviation Division still patrols the area when they are available. ‘We also plan to search the area by ground in the future.’ The spokesperson added that Sands’ family were ‘grateful’ for the support they had received since his disappearance, but had no further statement for the public at this time. Numerous searches for the actor have since been undertaken on foot and by air by both local and state-level agencies, with his children also joining. Efforts remain classified as ‘search and rescue’, rather than a recovery mission. Authorities have previously used a Recco device, which is able to detect electronics and credit cards, in the hopes of establishing a more exact area in which to focus search efforts. Two weeks ago, Sands’ hiking partner and friend Kevin Ryan told PA that it was obvious ‘something has gone wrong.’ But, he said the actor’s advanced experience and skill would ‘hopefully’ see his safe return. ‘I think during an episode like this where every agonising day by day, hour by hour goes by, you get more worried about a safe return,’ he added to Fox News. ‘But all we have in a situation like this is hope. One of the things, as I said, is how advanced Julian is, and he’s a smart guy, and I’m remaining hopeful that he’s holding out, you know, surviving.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Searches for Julian Sands continue ‘intermittently’ as efforts reach third week MORE : Julian Sands’ hiking partner ‘remaining hopeful’ of actor’s safe return as rescue mission passes two-week mark 