Rihanna didn’t make a tour announcement after headlining the Super Bowl halftime show, but she did drop some exciting baby news, confirming she’s pregnant with her second child. The Work singer dazzled audiences at the State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona on Sunday night during the NFL game between the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles. Speculation was rife that Rihanna, 34, was pregnant from the opening seconds of her performance, as she left her red jumpsuit open to reveal a noticeable baby bump. However, because that wasn’t clear enough, a rep has since confirmed to various media outlets that the singer is indeed expecting her second child with boyfriend A$AP Rocky. The couple are already parents to a son who was born in May 2022. Rihanna gave fans an even closer glimpse of her growing baby bump in a photo circulating on social media showing the soon-to-be mum-of-two cradling her stomach backstage at the halftime show. It was a momentous night for the pop heavyweight as she returned to the stage for the first time in over six years. Flanked by a large fleet of dancers dressed in white outfits, Rihanna performed on a suspended platform and reeled off a string of hits including Where Have You Been, We Found Love, Rude Boy, B***h Better Have My Money, All Of The Lights, Umbrella and Diamonds. However, given the sheer size of Rihanna’s catalogue, several songs were notably missing from the 13-minute setlist, such as fan-favourites Kiss It Better, Pon De Replay, Please Don’t Stop The Music and If It’s Love That You Want. It comes after Rihanna revealed how exhausting it was to get stuck into rehearsals for the show not long after giving birth to her baby boy, now nine months, last summer. Speaking at an NFL press conference before the performance, the Wild Thoughts singer said: ‘I was like, “You sure? I’m three months postpartum. Should I be making major decisions like this right now? I might regret this”. ‘When you become a mum, there’s something that just happens where you feel like you could take on the world — you can do anything.’ She continued: ‘And the Super Bowl is one of the biggest stages in the world, so as scary as that was … there’s something exhilarating about the challenge of it all. It’s important for my son to see that.’ Rihanna has kept details about her son under wraps but recently shared adorable footage of the tot for the first time. The popstar sent fans into a frenzy when she launched her TikTok account with a video of her baby boy, whose name has not been revealed, making adorable faces and squealing while trying to grab the camera in his carseat. Rihanna began dating rapper Rocky, real name Rakim Mayers, at the end of 2019 and they went public with their romance the following year after nearly a decade of friendship. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Did Rihanna confirm she’s pregnant with her second child during epic Super Bowl comeback? MORE : Rihanna goes all out for epic Super Bowl halftime show of hits, from Umbrella to Diamonds – and there was even time for some Fenty Beauty promo  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 