Courteney Cox has addressed Prince Harry’s claims that he attended a wild party at her LA home, where he drank tequila and ‘gobbled’ mushroom chocolates. The Duke of Sussex dropped his memoir, Spare, last month, in which he opened up about his previous relationships, his fractured bond with Prince William and his marriage to Megan Markle, among many other things. One particular passage raised eyebrows when he detailed a trip to California, which ended at the home of the Friends actress – who he thought was ‘traveling on a job’ at that time. In the extract, the 38-year-old alleged that he found ‘a huge box of black diamond mushroom chocolates’, and went on to recall his hallucinations. Courteney shed light on the night in question in a new chat with Variety, explaining she had heard of his recollection. ‘He did stay here for a couple of days – probably two or three,’ she said. ‘He’s a really nice person. ‘I haven’t read the book. I do want to hear it, because I’ve heard it’s really entertaining. But yes, it got back to me about it.’ Clarifying the drug allegations, she added: ‘I’m not saying there were mushrooms! I definitely wasn’t passing them out.’ The Scream star’s comments come weeks after the release of Spare, where he discussed a trip to LA, which saw him staying at her home. ‘The idea of crashing at Monica [Gellar]’s was highly appealing. And amusing,’ he reportedly wrote in a passage obtained by Us Weekly, explaining that a party broke out when Courteney eventually returned home. The Royal revealed that he had a ‘crush’ on the actress, penning: ‘I wondered if I’d ever work up the courage to tell her. Was there enough tequila in California to get me that brave?’ It was then that Harry is thought to have walked to an open fridge, and reportedly found ‘a huge box of black diamond mushroom chocolates,’ which were ‘for everybody’ in attendance – but it is not clear who purchased the mushrooms and who else consumed them. ‘My mate and I grabbed several, gobbled them, washed them down with tequila,’ he continued, via Us Weekly, describing his hallucinations. He reflected on seeing a bin in a bathroom, which became a ‘head’ when he focused on it. ‘I stepped on the pedal and the head opened its mouth,’ he said. ‘A huge open grin. I laughed.’ Harry reportedly ‘giggled’ as he left the bathroom, encouraging his friend to enjoy the same experience – however, his pal thought that his own coat was a dragon and panicked. ‘My delightful trip had been his hell,’ he added. ‘How unfortunate. How interesting.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paris Hilton undergoes IVF again in hopes of having a daughter: ‘I’m waiting for the results’ MORE : Jamie Lee Curtis insists Freak Friday sequel is ‘going to happen’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 