The news of the Fawlty Towers reboot came as a surprise to many, including to the woman who helped create it. Last week John Cleese helped announce that the classic British sitcom was making a comeback, four decades after the final episode aired. The Monty Python actor, 82, starred as Basil Fawlty across the two seasons of the show, which ran in 1975 and 1979. Now Cleese is writing new episodes with his comedian daughter Camilla, 39. However now his ex-wife Connie Booth, 82, has claimed she wasn’t told about the project despite helping make the original. She also played Basil’s chambermaid Polly in the series. ‘I’d have appreciated learning about the project from John rather than reading about it in the papers,’ she said. ‘Because a previous American reboot of Fawlty Towers had failed some years ago, I was surprised that another was being planned. ‘I was even more surprised to read that John intends to write and to perform in it together with his daughter Camilla,’ she added when speaking to The Times. Booth added that while she had been shocked to find out about the project, she wished her ex-husband and his daughter, whose mother is the actor’s second wife Barbara Trentham, the best of luck. The revival will see Basil grapple with the fact that he has a daughter who he didn’t know existed, all the while trying to stay up to date with the modern, ever-changing world. Last week Cleese said he was looking forward ‘enormously to expanding it into a series.’ Actor Rob Reiner, his wife and actress Michele Reiner, director and producer Matthew George and Derrick Rossi will act as executive producers on the series. However, some viewers are unsure how to feel about the revival, with many fearing it won’t be as ‘funny’ as the original. One said it seemed like a bad idea as the original was ‘absolute perfection’. Cleese and Booth married in 1968 and were together for a decade before splitting up. Metro.co.uk has contacted John Cleese for comment. Fawlty Towers is streaming on Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Fawlty Towers star Prunella Scales, 90, ‘enjoying life’ after Alzheimer’s diagnosis, says husband Timothy West MORE : John Cleese warns viewers will be ‘shocked’ by censorship-free GB News show 