Mark Wahlberg opened up about his relationship with religion in the spotlight during an appearance on the Today show, while sporting a cross on his forehead. The 51-year-old took on the role of a boxer turned priest in his most recent film role, Father Stu, and has been vocal about wanting to share his ‘rewarding’ faith with fans. Appearing on the program this week, the Hollywood star wore an ashen cross just above his eyes, a Catholic symbol of humility and compassion. Speaking to Savannah Guthrie, he explained: ‘It’s a balance. I don’t want to jam it down anybody’s throat, but I do not deny my faith. That’s an even bigger sin. ‘You know, it’s not popular in my industry, but I cannot deny my faith. It’s important for me to share that with people. ‘But I have friends from all walks of life and all different types of faiths and religions, so it’s important to respect and honor them as well.’ Mark explained that his faith meant ‘everything’ to him, explaining that it has afforded him so many opportunities. He also shared how important the ‘discipline’ that religion gives him has been a big help with his career. ‘Once I started getting into movies and transitioned from music, I realized I needed a lot of discipline in my life, and that discipline has afforded me so many other things,’ he added. ‘I’ve been rewarded for it so much, and I want to share that with people. So whether that’s with fasting, working out more, detaching from other things and just spending more time with God, in prayer or in thoughtful reflection. Those things are important.’ Mark famously began his career in music at a young age, joining New Kids On The Block with his brother, Donnie Wahlberg, at the age of 13. He went on to embark on a successful solo journey before making the transition over to the big screen, with his movie debut coming in in The Substitute, in 1993. The Hollywood star has gone on to star in huge hits including the Transformers franchise, Ted, The Italian Job and The Departed, for which he landed an Oscar nomination for best supporting actor. In a recent chat with Entertainment Tonight to promote Father Stu, he explained that he wanted to focus more on projects that can ‘help’ others, and concentrate on ‘meaningful’ work. ‘I feel like this is starting a new chapter for me in that, now, doing things like this – real substance – can help people,’ he said. ‘I definitely want to focus on making more. I wouldn’t say necessarily just faith-based content but things that will help people. ‘So, hopefully, this movie will open a door for not only myself but for lots of other people in Hollywood to make more meaningful content.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kylie and Dannii Minogue unite on stage at World Pride in Sydney for massively iconic moment MORE : Love Island’s Marcel Somerville reveals four family members have died in three weeks  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 