Nicola Bulley’s partner Paul Ansell says her children ‘miss her desperately’ as he appealed for answers. He has issued a statement to mark 10 days since she vanished, as police release new CCTV of the missing mum. It comes as forensic expert Peter Faulding and Specialist Group International (SGI) announced their involvement in the search. In a statement carried by Lancashire Police, Paul said: ‘It’s been 10 days now since Nicola went missing and I have two little girls who miss their mummy desperately and who need her back. ‘This has been such a tough time for the girls especially but also for me and all of Nicola’s family and friends, as well as the wider community and I want to thank them for their love and support.’ Lancashire Police believe Nicola accidentally fell into the river while out walking her dog on the morning of Friday 27 January. Tonight, detectives explained how enquiries had so far focused on Nicola’s movements and whether she could have left the fields near to the water. Sightings by members of the public have helped piece together her path. In an update, police said: ‘We can say with confidence that by reviewing CCTV, Nicola has not left the field during the key times via Rowanwater, either through the site itself or via the piece of land at the side. ‘Also, we can say that she did not return from the fields along Allotment Lane or via the path at the rear of the Grapes pub onto Garstang Road. ‘Our enquiries now focus on the river path which leads from the fields back to Garstang Road – for that we need drivers and cyclists who travelled that way on the morning of January 27 to make contact.’ Search teams have already been scouring the river over the last 10 days, but she has not been found. Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith, of Lancashire Police, said: ‘The team working on this investigation are completely dedicated and determined to find Nicola. ‘As a mother myself, I can’t even begin to imagine what her two children are going through. ‘Please be reassured that our sole focus is Nicola and that we are doing everything we can to find her. ‘It is not possible to provide every piece of information to the public because to do so would detract from the investigation, but I’d like to thank everyone who has assisted us so far and for the support provided to Nicola’s family at this extremely difficult time. ‘They are being supported and updated throughout.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.