Tomatoes are like gold dust at the moment, as empty supermarket shelves bear a striking resemblance to the Covid lockdowns. Vegetable aisles are sparse on tomatoes, due to the current shortages, and supermarkets are even rationing the amount customers can purchase – to stop bulk-buying. If you heavily rely on tomatoes as part of your daily meals, fear not, we’ve rounded up some alternative recipes that don’t scrimp on flavour. Chefs have shared three tomato-free salads that you can enjoy for lunch or dinner, many of which feature grains and pulses as well as other fruits and veggies. Feast on the tasty plates below… This recipe is from Bre Graham, the author of Table For Two. Ingredients: Method 1. In a large mixing bowl, add the chickpeas, pomegranate seeds, cucumber, mint, parsley and red onion. 2. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, pomegranate molasses, olive oil and tahini. Season with salt and pepper to taste. 3. Drizzle over dressing when ready to serve. This recipe from Mindful Chef serves four. Ingredients Method 1. Preheat the oven to 220C / fan 200C / gas mark 7. Roughly chop the celery into 1cm pieces. Place the kale and celery on a lined baking tray and toss with 1 tsp oil and a pinch of seasoning. Roast for 5-8 mins, until the kale is crispy. 2. Roughly dice the apples into 1cm cubes. Finely slice the spring onions. Finely chop the parsley. Zest and halve the lemon. Thinly slice the avocados. 3. Heat a large frying pan on medium-high heat. Add the lentil and quinoa mix and break it up with a wooden spoon. Add the raisins and a splash of water and cook for 2-3 mins, until piping hot. Remove from the heat. 4. Stir the zest, juice from the lemon, spring onions, apples, parsley, celery and kale through the lentil and quinoa. Drizzle with 1 tsp olive oil and season to taste. 5. Top with the avocados and drizzle over the yoghurt and zhoug. This recipe from Ben Tish, the chef director of Cubitt House Group. Ingredients Method 1. Cut the melon in half through the width and reserve half for another use. 2. Peel the skin and white pith from the watermelon half, then dice the flesh into 2cm pieces. Place in a bowl along with the chicory leaves. Season and mix in the vinegar. Reserve. 3. Place a sauté pan over a medium heat and toss in the pistachios to toast for a few minutes, tossing them, until they are fragrant and have started to release their oil. Season liberally with salt and mix into the watermelon. Now fold in the pecorino and add the groundnut oil and fennel fronds. 4. Briefly mix again, then arrange on a platter or plates so you can see all the elements. Serve. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Chef shares ‘healthier’ recipe for homemade version of a McChicken Sandwich MORE : How to make bubble tea at home with a simple, five-step recipe MORE : Forget coronation chicken, these are the official recipes for King Charles