This week, it’s all about Pisces vibes as Pisces season starts and we get a New Moon in Pisces. This is the also the tail end of the astrological year as Pisces is the final sign. It’s a strange little finale to the cosmic calendar, as Pisces is also an enigma. We are both energised by a New Moon, but fatigued by the drawing to a close of the year. We are feeling imaginative, reflective, intuitive, and wise. This is a great week to draw a life lesson from the last year that you can use, come Aries season next month, to make a fresh start. Let the tarot guide you, this week, towards the most valuable life lesson there for you right now. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: The Hermit Meaning: You are learning that you can get more (difficult or unpleasant or boring) stuff done, much faster and easier, when you shut out distractions, get your head down, and set yourself a timer to blast through it. No messing about. No wandering off. No taking a break. Aries, use this knowledge to tackle more things you really don’t want to. Doing the icky tasks fast and relentlessly gets then out of the way so you can get onto other more fun activity. Be The Hermit when you need to. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: The Tower Meaning: You survived. You came through. You bear scars but you’re older, wiser, shrewder, and less likely to ever get into that kind of scenario again. Live and learn. The Tower shows you’ve been through it, Taurus, and you handled it. You should wear your scars with pride because you earned them, you have learnt from them, and you are stronger as a result of it all. You know, deep down, you can handle anything now. Be resilient. Stand tall. You’re strong. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: The World Meaning: You need travel. You need new stimulus. You need a constant churn of projects, tasks, and priorities that are at different stages and demand different versions of you to tackle them. In short, you need variety and broad horizons. The World shows you’ve learnt this is where the best version of you lives and you are determined, this year on, to serve that stimulus to yourself and bring out this best you. This is the formula for success, Gemini, stick to it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Ace of Wands Meaning: You hadn’t realised how same-y your life had gotten last year and what old stuff you were dragging around and having to feast on such slim pickings. You have introduced some new people, places, and activities this winter and seen such a difference to your mood, energy and passion for life. The mojo is back in business! The Ace of Wands asks you to keep this flowing and keep on bringing in new ideas, pastimes, hobbies, friendships, and energies. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Death Meaning: Death is a card of powerful transformation and change. You have changed so much, and so has your life, this last year or so. Take a pause, Leo, because you can work so hard and run so fast that you rarely catch up with yourself and just reflect. Notice how you’ve grown. Identify what is better, what has gone, what still seems in a process of flux and change. Get a handle on it all because this has been life changing and you need to ensure your emotions are aligned with your new reality. Breathe and take it all in. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Page of Swords Meaning: You have realised that hedging your bets, playing both sides, being diplomatic to the point of opinion-less, does not work long term. If you don’t stand firm someplace then people will tend to assume you stand someplace else. People will decide for you if you don’t decide for yourself, and that’s a worse outcome. Virgo, you need to lean in and make decisions that suit you best. Stop compromising so readily and significantly. Stop supporting others at your own expense. Be selfish. You deserve some ‘me time’. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Six of Cups Meaning: You don’t know what you’ve got till it’s gone – there’s a truth. The Six of Cups shows you’ve learnt (maybe the hard way) that it’s easy to take what you’ve got (and probably had for a long time) for granted, not noticing a drift or fade in energy or connection. When it’s gone, it’s hard to retrieve, and you might not even understand what went wrong. You examined your role in this, you made some major insights, you changed things. And maybe now you can get back what was lost. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Ace of Cups Meaning: You know you’re ready for renewal, for fresh faces, broader horizons, authentic connections, and new ideas. The last few years have been a tense, even clenched, time. Holding on to what you already have and defending your position. Now, the Ace of Cups reveals you feel more relaxed, more settled, and more open to releasing some of the old to make way for the new. Especially around relationships. You want to welcome new people in. Make this a resolution. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Two of Swords Meaning: You have noticed that you don’t like making big decisions and will leave events up to fate rather than engage in anything demanding or difficult, and take ownership for it. And you’ve noticed that strategy doesn’t work out so well for you! The Two of Swords sees you taking a list of unanswered questions, unfinished business, and outstanding decisions into March and April. You are ready to engage with them, tackle them, and overcome them. You know the alternative is no better or easier. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: The Chariot Meaning: Purpose drives you. Ambitious ideals and goal-setting spark your motivation. The Chariot sees you understanding all too well that you’re at your best when you’re rising to a challenge, striving to surpass a personal best, moving into new territory and building something great. Set some stretching goals this astrological new year. Consider the theme of progress. Consider your physical location and whether moving would unlock new horizons. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: The Hierophant Meaning: You are a natural rebel and you’re coming to terms with that streak in your nature and how to wield it positively, vs destructively. Not every structure or convention deserve dismantlement. Not every hierarchy is a bad thing. The Hierophant shows you starting to pick your battles more consciously, selectively, and carefully. You are focusing on the things you really thing need change, vs just playing around and being a devil’s advocate for the hell of it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: The Fool Meaning: You are a flexible, fluid, and easygoing person and you enjoy embarking on new projects and adventures and roles. The Fool sees you learning more about this appetite for new news and learnings to spot the signs of being ready for a refresh. It’s likely that Spring will bring a total new start for you, something positive and exciting that is unique to you and authentically a passion you wish to pursue. Invest in this wholeheartedly. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : The New Moon in Pisces reveals your true desire – your star sign’s tarot horoscope MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023