An old bookshop is up for auction for £75,000 with a novel surprise inside – it comes packed with hundreds of books. Book lovers across the UK will not only be able to snap up the three-bedroom masionette, but the impressive collection of books are also included in the deal. So if you want to live out your Notting Hill or You’ve Got Mail dreams, perhaps this could be the property for you. The two-room bookshop sits on the ground floor of a building in South Wales. The top two floors make up a three-bedroom maisonette. So, you’d be living above a bookshop that is already fully stocked. The property sits in the historic town of Blaenavon in South Wales, which also happens to be a UNESCO World Heritage site too. The flat and bookshop are just yards from an ironworks, heritage railway and a coal mine museum. And auctioneers say the property is already attracting book-loving investors. Debra Bisley, of Paul Fosh Auctions, said they’ve already had interest from people intrigued by the area, which is steeped in history from the dawn of the industrial revolution. She added: ‘Located on the ground floor is the two-room bookshop. The mass of books in the shop is included in the sale. ‘The top two floors make up a three-bedroom maisonette which can be accessed via the shop or via the entrance to the rear of the property. Additionally, there is a head-height basement and a large attic.’ Blaenavon was launched as a book town to rival Hay on Wye in 2003. A book town is a small rural town or village filled with second–hand and antiquarian bookshops – a concept created by Richard Booth of Hay–on–Wye in Wales. The former bookshop, which closed in 2021, sits near the Big Pit tourist attraction and Blaenafon Cheddar Co which matures its cheeses in the former pit. The auction is set to take place from March 7 to March 9. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Historic thatched home dubbed ‘Britain’s flattest house’ up for auction for £70,000 MORE : London house up for auction at just £40,000 in surprisingly good condition – but there’s a catch MORE : Car park where Richard III’s skeleton was found to go up for auction