Ah Valentine’s Day: the one day a year we can show our love by *checks notes* spending copious amounts of money on gifts themed after an artificial holiday or, worse, spend the day being reminded of how we don’t have someone to buy artificial-holiday-themed gifts for. Thankfully, the advent of Galentine’s Day means that single girlies can use the holiday to show love to their gal pals – and while it’s true that Galentine’s is perhaps even more gimmicky than Valentine’s, who would turn down an excuse to do that? Gin and macarons? Sign us up! Oh La La! Macarons has teamed up with Slingsby Gin to offer a wonderful macaron making workshop coupled with – wait for it – unlimited Martinis. Plus, you’ll get a box of 12 macarons to take home. All in the name of celebrating female friendship! The workshop will take place on February 14 at 6.30pm. Book now for £80 per person. Show yourself some love with a lush Loving Kindness workhop at East of Eden in Walthamstow. With Yin Yoga, mantra chanting and meditation, you’re bound to leave this two hour workshop feeling all of the love, for yourself and your friends. Perfect for a boozeless Galentine’s event. The event will take place on February 11 at 2.30pm. Book now for £15 per person. This Beading and Boozing workshop sounds perfect for a crafty Galentine’s event. It’s BYOB, so you won’t have to fork out for cocktails or a bottle (or two) of wine. Sadly, the official Galentine’s event is sold out, but there are still tickets left for the weekend before. The event will take place on February 10 at 6.45pm. Book now for £40 per person. Fancy making a night of it? Stay at Yotel in Shoreditch or London City and add on the Pal-entine’s Package for an extra £40 per person. The package is available between February 11 and February 17 and includes a movie menu featuring alllll of the friendship-themed films (including Meal Girls!), a snack pack of tasty treats, cocktail vouchers for the hotel bar, a starry light projector and fleece blankets that you get to keep! Book a Pal-entine’s stay in a queen room in Shoreditch for £240 total. What better time to indulge in your singledom by watching a romcom than Galentine’s? The Cinema at Battersea Power Station is showing a range of classics over the Valentine’s period. There’s Roman Holiday, True Romance, Casablanca, Pretty Woman and When Harry Met Sally playing between February 11 and 17. Book now for £17.50 per person. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Bouquets on a budget: 8 cheap places to order flowers online for Valentine’s Day MORE : Town wins title of friendliest place in the world MORE : Hot date tonight? You’ve got just 25 minutes to make a good impression