A grandmother has spoken of her frustration at the state of a ‘neglected park’ where neighbours believe ‘dealers are using drones to deliver drugs’. Lanchester Park has been dubbed ‘one of the worst’ in Solihull. The council-run park- which boasts a play area, court, cycle track and skating facilities – has long been plagued by fly-tipping, fires and dog poo. Locals have often complained of noise pollution and mess in the area, as bikers tore up the grass and left a trail of destruction in their wake. Yet despite frequent complaints and coverage the situation is continuing to get worse, according to ‘passionate’ local resident Linda Witter, 75. Linda believes a lack of change is down to the location of the park – which is used by residents of Smith’s Wood and Castle Bromwich. There have long been suggestions that facilities in the north of the borough don’t receive as much attention as those in the South. ‘I have had a lot of people agreeing with me that it’s neglected because it’s in the north of the borough,’ Linda said. The gran-of-two, a retired animal rescuer, has lived in the neighbourhood for over five decades and said the place had been going ‘downhill’ for years. She has since pleaded with the local authority to spend some money on the park and transform it into a place where children can play safely. Linda claimed the park was being used for ‘drug drops,’ and told how she had often spotted cannabis on the floor. She said rumours had swirled about a drone delivering drugs but she hadn’t seen one herself. ‘You can see the buds,’ she said. ‘I know what cannabis looks like.’ A particular bone of contention is the cycle track towards the back of the park. Linda said it had been left to rot as it can’t be seen from the main road near the entrance. ‘It gets me down,’ she continued. ‘I get so frustrated with it. They keep saying it’s up to us as users of the park to clean it up. It’s up to the council to do it.’ Last year, ward councillors revealed plans to secure the future of the location and said they want to establish a ‘friends of Lanchester park’ group to help the area get on the way to becoming a Green Flag site. But Linda – who has been pushing for change alongside another resident, Tom England – said this couldn’t happen quickly enough. She said there were ‘so many things that need doing’. She went on: ‘I’m 75 years old. I’m thinking of the children now and the children in time to come. They should have a nice area to play. ‘The park needs bins and poo bins because people don’t clean up after their dogs properly. I feel very passionate about it. ‘People don’t care because it looks a mess anyhow. There’s nothing nice there. It’s just not a nice park. ‘I want to live in a nice area. I have lived here for 50 years and I have just seen it get worse.’ A Solihull Council spokesperson said: ‘There has been a huge amount of investment carried out in our woodlands, grasslands, wetlands, parks and open spaces. ‘[This has happened] right across the borough – north and south – through the Wildlife Ways programme. ‘Following last year’s four-week programme of woodland management work at Bosworth’s Wood in Lanchester Park, we have two tree planting projects taking place in the park over the next month or so. ‘These projects will see 22 large trees planted to the west of the park and over 1,000 whips and native shrubs at the perimeter. ‘If residents witness any criminal activity that is drug-related they should report it to the police.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.