Phil McGraw has announced his beloved Dr Phil talk show is coming to an end after 21 seasons. The TV personality, 72, came to fame after his advice segment on The Oprah Winfrey Show gained popularity, way back in 1998. Following his multiple appearances on Oprah’s programme, he launched his own self-titled TV series four years later, becoming a household name thanks to his stellar advice to those in need, as well as some famous guests. On Tuesday [January 31] McGraw confirmed that his iconic daytime show will wrap up this spring. ‘I have been blessed with over 25 wonderful years in daytime television,’ he told Variety. ‘With this show, we have helped thousands of guests and millions of viewers through everything from addiction and marriage to mental wellness and raising children. ‘This has been an incredible chapter of my life and career, but while I’m moving on from daytime, there is so much more I wish to do,’ he added. President of CBS Media Steve LoCascio praised McGraw’s services to the network. ‘While his show may be ending after 21 years, I’m happy to say our relationship is not,’ he said. ‘We plan to be in the ‘Dr. Phil’ business with the library for years to come and welcome opportunities to work together in the future.’ In a statement, the company announced that McGraw ‘plans to announce a strategic prime-time partnership, scheduled for an early 2024 launch.’ McGraw’s departure marks the end of an era for daytime television, following other big stars such as Ellen Degeneres and Wendy Williams — who gave Dr.Phil his start in the 90s. Dr.Phil was the most watched daytime talk show for nearly a decade up until last year. The long-serving show is reportedly still averaging 2million viewers per episode in its now-final season. Dr Phil airs is available to stream on CBS. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Traitors US finalist reveals the moment they knew Christian De La Torre wasn’t a Faithful because of ‘signs of control’ MORE : Pamela Anderson’s financial troubles following Baywatch success shocks Netflix director  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 