A young woman driven to the brink of suicide by an online troll later discovered it was her best friend in disguise, a court has heard. Opal Williams-Hulse, 23, called police after being added to a string of accounts including OpalNeedsToDie and OpalTheWhore. Over a three-month period, she was sent a series of vile messages including ‘Opal is a slag’. Experts traced the messages back to Naomi Kendrick, 23, from Winsford, Cheshire, with whom Opal had been regularly confiding in about the issue. In a statement to police Miss Williams-Hulse said: ‘I thought Naomi was someone I could trust yet I was getting from her a barrage of messages from different accounts saying horrible things. ‘At the time of receiving these messages, I couldn’t speak and I couldn’t move as I was frozen in fear. ‘I wondered what have I done that’s so bad that someone wanted me dead. I gave my phone to my landlord so that I would not be affected when I was at work. ‘I was crying. I felt vulnerable and scared all the time. I didn’t know how I was going to get through each day. ‘This carried on for three whole months. I was constantly feeling I was being targeted and someone knew where I was. It was torture. I did not feel safe anywhere I went. I lost so many friends during this time all because I could not trust anyone.’ She continued: ‘When I finally found out who was behind it, the first name the police gave me was Naomi’s’ boyfriend. I then knew who it was. ‘I was heartbroken and shocked. I felt so betrayed. ‘She was someone who I thought was my best friend. I had to go back on medication as my anxiety was worse than it had ever been. I was throwing up from stress and anxiety. When driving I was always checking who was behind me. I felt so unsafe at home, at work and especially when I was out. ‘I was having suicidal thoughts. Some days I did not want to get out of bed.. I was in a deep depression. ‘This had a detrimental impact on my life. I feel it was a traumatic experience. There is no excuse for what Naomi has put me and my family through. I should be able to live my life free from fear, which she has deprived me of for some time.’ At Crewe Magistrates Court, Kendrick was ordered to pay Miss Williams-Hulse £250 compensation after she admitted making use of a public communications network to cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to another. Judge Helen Jarman said: ‘Clearly, the victim has suffered a lot of distress, anxiety and anguish from this and she continues to suffer.’ Kendrick was ordered to complete 300 hours of unpaid work and 25 days of a rehabilitative activity with the probation service and pay £215 in costs and a victim surcharge. She was also issued with a two-year restraining order with conditions she does not go within 100m of Miss Williams-Hulse’s address, or approach her or contact her, including through social media. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.