Irene Cara’s cause of death has been revealed, after she died in November 2022. The Fame singer died at the age of 63 in her Florida home, with the late star’s publicist Judith Moose confirmed the sad news to Metro.co.uk. Moose said at the time: ‘Irene was a gifted woman whose body of work is loved by millions of people the world over. ‘She became an icon for music lovers of the 1980s, and inspired many of today’s most influential singers, such as Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston. ‘We are all mourning her death but will celebrate her legacy as a bright spot in our lives.’ It has now been confirmed that the Flashdance hitmaker died of arteriosclerotic and hypertensive cardiovascular disease. According to medical examiner records from Pinellas County Forensic Science Centre obtained by TMZ, diabetes mellitus was also listed as a contributory condition. Her manner of death was deemed natural, therefore, no autopsy was performed or toxicology report was run. Cara was, of course, best known for her iconic song What A Feeling from the much-loved ’80s flick Flashdance. She won an Oscar for best original song thanks to the hit, which she penned the lyrics for while riding in a car around NYC. What’s more, she was nominated for a Golden Globe for her performance in Fame, as well as receiving Grammy nominations for best new artist and best female pop vocal. Following the devastating news of her death, fans from around the world shared heartfelt tributes, with celebrities and colleagues also remembering her fondly. Lee Curreri, who starred opposite her in Fame as Bruno Martelli, shared a black-and-white photo of her on Instagram, with a caption consisting of a sole red heart emoji. Meanwhile, Debbie Allen – who starred in the Fame film and spin-off TV series – said her heart is ‘broken’ after learning of the news. She wrote on Instagram: ‘#IreneCara was such a gifted and beautiful genius. Her talent and her music will LIVE FOREVER! FOREVER REMEMBER HER NAME, #FAME! 😢’. Michael DeLorenzo, who played a principal dancer in Fame, also shared a black-and-white picture of Cara on his Instagram, writing in his caption: ‘No words …so I’ll leave you with hers…’ He then shared the lyrics to Cara’s song Fame from the classic film of the same name, with the chorus going: ‘I’m gonna live forever, I’m gonna learn how to fly (High). I feel it coming together. People will see me and cry. I’m gonna make it to heaven. Light up the sky like a flame.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Winslet’s daughter Mia Threapleton, 22, steals spotlight at Bafta party as she follows in mum’s footsteps MORE : Comedian Rickey Smiley trapped in a ‘terrible nightmare’ since the death of his son  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 