More than 35,000 people in Turkey have died since the earthquakes, making it the country’s worst disaster in a century. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan confirmed 35,418 fatalities have been recorded in Turkey alone. Meanwhile, a total of 5,714 people have died in Syria, including both government and rebel-held areas, taking the total number of confirmed deaths to 41,132. Thousands of survivors have been rescued from under the mountains of rubble on both sides of the border, but many have stressed emergency help has been slow or non-existent. The desperate search for people entered its final hours yesterday as rescuers used sniffer dogs and thermal cameras to check apartment blocks for any sign of life. Stories of miracle rescues have flooded social media in recent days, with videos showing crowds erupting in applause. But tens of thousands of dead have been found in the last week, and experts say the window for rescues has nearly closed. The 7.8-magnitude earthquake and its aftershocks struck southeastern Turkey and northern Syria on in the early hours of Monday last week. Thousands of historic buildings, apartment blocks and shops were reduced to not much more that piles of shattered concrete and twisted metal. At the time, Erdogan said the earthquake was the worst since the 1939 disaster when 33,000 people died. But the death toll has been steadily rising since Monday despite the thousands of rescuers that rushed to Turkey to help. In other developments, Syria’s president agreed to open two new crossing points from Turkey to the country’s rebel-held northwest to deliver desperately needed aid and equipment for millions of earthquake victims. United Nations secretary-general Antonio Guterres welcomed Bashar Assad’s decision. Crossing points will be open at Bab Al-Salam and Al Raée for an initial period of three months. Currently, the UN has only been allowed to deliver aid to the northwest Idlib area through a single crossing at Bab Al-Hawa. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.