British Gas will temporarily stop using powerful court warrants to ‘break into’ people’s houses to install prepayment meters. An investigation by The Times found debt collectors working for the gas provider revelled in ‘force-fitting’ pay-as-you-go meters in vulnerable people’s homes. Working undercover for Arvato Financial Solutions (a company used by British Gas to pursue debts) the reporter saw agents visit a single father-of-three’s home. Finding the man’s home empty, the reporter witnessed a locksmith help the collectors force their way in as he said: ‘This is the exciting bit. I love this bit.’ But the Times investigation claimed agents strong-armed into the homes of people who have fallen behind bills to fit the devices even if children and disabled people were living there. Among those made to switch included a woman in her 50s living with ‘severe mental health bipolar and a mother whose ‘daughter is disabled and has a hoist and electric wheelchair’, the newspaper alleged. But Centrica, an international energy services company which owns British Gas, has said it will no longer apply for warrants to force prepayment meters on people ‘until at least after winter’. Centria chief Chris O’Shea told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: ‘The contractor that we’ve employed, Arvato, has let us down but I am accountable for this. ‘This happened when people were acting on behalf of British Gas. There is nothing that can be said to excuse it.’ Energy regulator Ofgem also announced today it will launch an investigation into the prepayment warrant activity. A spokesperson said: ‘These are extremely serious allegations from The Times which we will investigate urgently with British Gas and we won’t hesitate to take firm enforcement action.’ ‘It is unacceptable for any supplier to impose forced installations on vulnerable customers struggling to pay their bills before all other options have been exhausted and without carrying out thorough checks to ensure it is safe and practicable to do so.’ Ofgem said it will review the checks and balances that energy providers have around making customers switch to prepayment meters. According to Citizens Advice, around 3.2 million people ran out of credit on their prepayment meter last year because they could not afford to top it up. Arvato told the Times it acted ‘compliantly at all times in accordance with the regulatory requirements’. A spokesman told the paper: ‘If there has been any verbal or any other type of misconduct by individual employees, we deeply regret it.’ The claims come amid a cost-of-living crisis, stubborn inflation sending fuel costs soaring and a winter that saw an arctic blast of air hit Britain. After the UK was blanketed with snow and frost for days, more people have fallen into debt and sat in cold, damp homes due to rising energy bills. This has led to a sharp increase in fuel poverty when 10% of household income is gobbled up by energy bills. British Gas’ profits, meanwhile, have soared five-fold as wholesale gas prices hit record highs due to the Russian-Ukraine war. After the government’s Energy Price Guarantee ends for most Brits in April, it’s estimated some 8.6 million households will be plunged into fuel poverty. A disproportionate number will be from low-income households (5,900,000, according to fuel poverty charity National Energy Action (NEA), with 3,600,000 living with a disability. The Times investigation has renewed calls among poverty campaigners for the government to ban forcing prepayment meters on people. NEA policy director Peter Smith told Metro.co.uk: ‘Sadly, today’s news about forced prepayment installations is another chilling insight into why a ban is needed. ‘It doesn’t just put those households directly affected at risk,’ Smith added, ‘it undermines the confidence of millions of vulnerable people to seek support from suppliers to get them through the worst of the energy crisis.’ Simon Francis, coordinator of the campaign group End Fuel Poverty Coalition, added: ‘Ministers have fallen for the energy industry’s spin that they don’t use court warrants to install prepayment meters on vulnerable customers. ‘The investigation reveals this not to be the case. ‘It is time that the Government stood up to energy firms and banned the forced installation of prepayment meters and the forced switching of smart meters to prepayment mode. ‘We also now need a formal inquiry into the prepayment meters scandal and the role of the courts in enabling this practice.’ Business Secretary Grant Shapps said he was ‘horrified’ by the investigation’s findings. ‘Switching customers – and particularly those who are vulnerable – to prepayment meters should only ever be a last resort and every other possible alternative should be exhausted,’ he said. ‘These findings suggest British Gas are doing anything but this.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.