Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis are facing a lawsuit from their former nanny. The Don’t Worry Darling director, 38, and the Ted Lasso star 47, have been accused by Ericka Genaro, who began working for the former couple in 2018, of firing her because of her mental health. Genaro filed a wrongful termination lawsuit against the celebrity duo, who announced their split at the end of 2020, in Los Angeles Superior Court on Tuesday. Genaro claimed that she suffered ‘unbearable’ anxiety and stress while caring for the Booksmart director and Jason’s children, Daisy, five, and Otis, eight, after their break-up. The complaint, which has been obtained by Us Weekly, reads: ‘Wilde’s sudden absence from the home had an adverse consequence on its emotional state, including Sudeikis leaning on the presence of [Genaro] for support.’ She claimed the Horrible Bosses actor asked her ‘stay up at night after the kids were put to bed to talk’ which created ‘extreme anxiety’ because she felt she ‘had to pick sides’ between the former couple. The complaint continues: ‘The pressure of [Genaro] not only being the primary caretaker of the children, but also filling in Wilde’s absence for the children, became debilitating.’ Genaro also claims that she turned to an osteopath for her ‘physical pain, anxiety and stress’ in the aftermath of the split. She was subsequently encouraged to take a ‘three-day medical leave of absence because of her mental health.’ The complaint states: ‘When [Genaro] responded she is under the osteopath’s orders to not speak with anyone because of her anxiety, Sudeikis terminated her on the spot.’ The former nanny is now seeking damages for ‘loss of earnings, deferred compensation, and other employment benefits’. Wilde and Sudeikis previously addressed similar claims made by an unnamed nanny on October 2022, describing them as ‘false and scurrilous’. They said in a joint statement at the time: ‘As parents, it is incredibly upsetting to learn that a former nanny of our two young children would choose to make such false and scurrilous accusations about us publicly. ‘Her now 18-month long campaign of harassing us, as well as loved ones, close friends and colleagues, has reached its unfortunate apex.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Wilde and Sudeikis for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis ‘locked in court battle over children’ after warm reunion MORE : Olivia Wilde and ex Jason Sudeikis reunite with warm hug after bitter child custody battle  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 