Parents have turned up at a school to protest over new rules they say makes it feel like a ‘prison’ for their children. The demonstration outside The Discovery Academy in Stoke-on-Trent follows complaints about metal bars being put over the doors to toilets. From 9am, around 50 parents could be seen carrying placards which had messages like ‘no bars on toilets’, ‘basic human rights’ and ‘it’s not a jail’. Protesters wrote their concerns in a book which was handed into the school. The chief executive who runs the trust came out to speak to them and police officers were also present. He announced the trust has agreed to hold a meeting with them and listen to their concerns. Concerned dad, Rob Cooper, 39, said: ‘Toilets are a human right. It’s a school for children, not a prison. People are here because they’re angry.’ Tracey Barnett, 43, has a son at the school and said: ‘On Friday he asked the teacher twice to use the toilet and they refused to let him go.’ Bullying concerns at the school have been raised after a video emerged on social media showing a girl being punched in the head in the canteen. Sharon Gratton, 51, says her daughter has been bullied for 18 months and said: ‘I had numerous meetings and they said they’d sorted it – but they hadn’t. I sorted it myself by speaking to the other parent in the end. It affected her learning badly.’ Responding to the parents’ concerns, Simon French, CEO of Alpha Academies Trust (AAT), said: ‘We’re going to have a parents’ meeting on Thursday, after school, to go through the feedback and the findings. As a Trust we’re only going to solve this by working together. It’s got to be mutual respect from both sides.’ In response to concerns about the toilet barriers, an AAT spokesperson said before the protest: ‘At AAT we have high expectations of learning and clear processes in place to support. ‘We have high standards of uniform ready for the world ahead and have processes in place for those who truant. ‘We encourage students to go to the toilet at regular set times during the day and support those with medical needs by accessing toilets at any time. ‘Parental engagement is extremely important to us and we value opportunities to listen to concerns and explain the reasons for our decisions.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.