Valentine’s Day has the UK’s singles fleeing the country. Literally. Every year when February 14 rolls around, EasyJet sees a 83% rise in people booking solo travel trips – with 68% of women citing having higher standards in a relationship as the reason they travel alone. In fact, people are binning the idea of a ‘couple’s vacay’ altogether – as one in five of us say we’ve regretted a holiday with a partner. It seems 25% simply find the idea of a romantic getaway rather cringe-worthy. So it’s settled, we’re all flying solo this Valentine’s Day. And EasyJet Holidays is helping to make this dream a reality, by launching ‘soliday’ (aka, solo holiday) packages – which offer a discount of £100 for a single traveller. This Valentine’s is about self-love and sunshine – we aren’t waiting around to be underwhelmed by the lack of effort from our partners this month, and we certainly aren’t desperate to find love. In fact, nearly half of Brits are planning to take themselves on a ‘soliday’ this year, while 76% of those under 23 have gone, or plan to go, travelling alone. But we shouldn’t be punished for this. EasyJet found that solo travellers traditionally end up paying 90% more than those in couples when booking a trip – hence the £100 discount. So where are the best places to go on a ‘soliday’? Coming in hot and sunny at number one is Tenerife, according to EasyJet. The Spanish island – known for its beaches and resorts – is dominated by Mt Teide, a dormant volcano. Costa Blanca, Spain, also ranks high in popularity with a stunning coastline, consisting of 170 beaches. Another Canary Island, Lanzarote, is also high on the list for a ‘soliday’ location, with its volcanic landscape and picturesque white-washed villas. Likewise, Majorca, a small Spanish Balearic Island, boasts beach resorts and bustling nightlife – so would be the perfect scene to meet new travel friends. Comprised of fishing villages, hotels, bars and restaurants, the Algarve in Portugal is the perfect place to unwind and catch some rays. Another is Fuerteventura – the second largest of Spain’s Canary Islands. Pop your swimsuit on and get in the ocean before sunning yourself on the beach. Tunisia, a North African country, offers something a little different. Sign yourself up for a desert safari or explore the markets, medinas and mosques. Malta sits between Sicily and the North African coast and is steeped in history if you’re one for a little learning and exploring on holiday. Whereas Dalaman and Antalya, in Turkey, both finish off the list with stunning blue waters, yachts and rich history. Paul Bixby, the commercial director at EasyJet Holidays, comments: ‘We’re committed to providing brilliant holidays at unbeatable prices for everyone, including our customers who prefer to fly solo. ‘It’s clear that there’s a rising trend in solo travel, which is why we’re showing some love to our single customers this Valentine’s Day, offering a special deal for those looking to plan a voyage of self-discovery, or just enjoy some well-earned me-time.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m exploring my kinky side after splitting from my vanilla ex’ MORE : Does your boss know you’re working abroad? The pros and cons of taking a ‘hush trip’ MORE : Woman who loves the 1940s lives in a vintage home, cooks wartime food and listens to vinyl