New unexpected opportunities are presenting themselves. Aries may get a snap chance to pursue their dream, but the cost could outweigh the benefits. Gemini may feel compelled to make a liberating but risky move, while Virgo could be torn between safety in numbers and breaking free from the flock to fly solo. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 3, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 You may get a chance to pursue a dream at short notice, which could be good news and bad. It’s great because this is something that’s deeply meaningful to you. And yet the cost of it might be an expense you really don’t need at this time. Even so, Jupiter in your sign, means your optimism will eventually win out. You know that if it’s important, you’ll find a way no matter what, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 If an opportunity presents itself to explore a goal or business opportunity, consider taking it, as it might not come around again for a while. A buoyant blend of energies can see you light up at the thought of pursuing something different. And it is often from such small beginnings that experience is acquired, new contacts are made, and you’ll enter a positive and exciting phase. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 While friends may be involved in various social adventures, a new interest or opportunity can call out to you. And it might cause you to feel restless. If it involves doing something daring, you could be even more intrigued to have a go. While being too impulsive may cause issues, sometimes a dive into the new can be liberating. It might unsettle you, then excite you, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Someone you meet could brighten your day. There may be something about this person that is very uplifting. And while their presence could be a tad disruptive, you might find that being with them encourages you to let go of inhibitions or to drop ways of thinking that have prevented you from doing as well as you could. This person may have no fear, which might rub off on you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Is it time to stand up for something you believe in by making your feelings known? Even if this does put you in the spotlight Leo, it also brings you closer to those who share your perspective. On an ambitious note, an edgy tie between the Sun and edgy Uranus, suggests that an unexpected opportunity could spur you to action. Don’t be too impulsive though, think it through first. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Ready to take a risk? You can either hang out with the crowd or go solo. Such decisions could be difficult for you, Virgo. You’re a sign that likes to calculate the odds before you make a move. If you decide to take that leap of faith, it might not work out as you hope. This doesn’t mean it’s failed though, as with a few tweaks and some experimentation you could be very successful. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A lively aspect encourages you to say what’s on your mind, even if it does mean admitting you’re annoyed and frustrated by events. Don’t feel bad for sharing. Even if it causes some upset, it’s time that others knew too. It may be because of you that something finally gets done and a big change takes place. And although this could be disruptive, it will be better for all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Determined to stick with your viewpoint? If so, adopting another perspective may not even be an option. Is it helping you, Scorpio? You may think you’re doing the right thing by standing your ground, but others could see you as being too stubborn for your own good. It helps to be flexible and ready to adapt and change when necessary, otherwise your progress can quickly stall. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Celebrate all that’s special about you, rather than keep it under wraps. If you’ve tried your best to fit in with others by glossing over what makes you unique, then current influences will reveal why this hasn’t worked. Just be natural Archer, and celebrate your quirks and peccadilloes. You’ll stand out from the crowd and become known for your talents, which could be in demand. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A restless aspect might inspire you to go shopping or buy something on a whim. Even so, the coming weeks might be a time of taking stock, and of considering how you might rearrange your budget to do more of what you enjoy. Do you have a creative side? Channelling your unique take on life through your art can be very rewarding. It might even become a lucrative side-hustle. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Have your mind set on trying something different? Having a go will enliven your life, and allow you to expand your horizons. You’re one sign that needs excitement as well as stability. Even so, you’re very aware of the price of having too many things happening at once. Choose your projects wisely, as the way in which you invest your time can be crucial to getting great results. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Do you have dreams and desires you haven’t dared to admit to yourself, Pisces? Over coming days and weeks, these can begin to bubble up and make themselves known. Now it’s time to embrace them, even if some of them go against your childhood expectations and beliefs. If you are willing to bring them into the open and own them, you’ll begin to blossom in new ways. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 29 to February 4 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023