Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield left Dancing On Ice fans unimpressed as they probed Joey Essex about his rumoured romance with Vanessa Bauer. The Towie star, 32, is rumoured to be dating his professional skating partner Vanessa, 26, with the chemistry between them absolutely electric. Dancing On Ice hosts Holly and Phil previously teased the pair about the rumours on the show, as they interviewed them following a Grease-themed dance. After being asked about the nature of their relationship by Holly, Joey replied coyly: ‘Danny and Sandy are getting on pretty well,’ before saying he wouldn’t ‘confirm’ anything. Now the subject has come up again, as Joey gushed over his ‘love’ for ice skating in the most recent episode of the show. The star began by saying he now dreams about ice skating every night, and didn’t help the romance rumours as he declared: ‘I have actually fallen in love.’ He then paused, looked at Vanessa, and added: ‘With ice skating!’ Phil and Holly immediately began giggling, with the audience also heard laughing as Phil added: ‘Anything else?’ Joey paused before saying: ‘No, just the ice,’ as Vanessa chuckled beside him. ‘You started that!’ Phil then jabbed, with Joey throwing back his head in laughter. And while that may be true, some viewers were less than impressed with the probing of their rumoured relationship, and took to social media to air their woes. One annoyed viewer wrote: ‘I wish Phl stopped digging to get Joey to announce about his relationship with Vanessa. If they don’t want to talk about it, leave it at that.’ ‘Do we really need Phil & Holly’s childish remarks to Joey every week,’ another moaned. One viewer who was also annoyed at the hosts ‘trying to squeeze a story out of Joey and Vanessa’s relationship’ urged: ‘Husst let them skate, their personal life has nothing to do with it and is nobody else’s business.’ It comes after Phil, in an earlier episode, pressed: ‘Is it going steady?’ To which Joey replied: ‘I’m not confirming anything.’ Judge Christopher Dean told the pair: ‘Guys, whatever’s going on it’s working,’ while Ashley Banjo told Joey: ‘You’re one to watch.’ Joey had first sparked rumours by teasing: ‘There’s a bit of flirting going on. Vanessa’s single, I’m single…’ ‘ And joining Good Morning Britain to address the gossip surrounding himself and Vanessa, Joey appeared to confirm reports by stating both parties are ‘taking it slow’. He explained: ‘The truth is, I’m single, Vanessa’s single, we go to the ice rink every day. ‘It’s cold, you’ve got to keep each other warm, so that’s it really.’ Dancing On Ice continues Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joey Essex appears to confirm romance with Vanessa Bauer after sizzling Grease skate on Dancing On Ice MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean claims Vanessa Bauer is ‘taming’ Joey Essex amid romance rumours 