Gary Neville slated Everton duo Jordan Pickford and Seamus Coleman after their mistakes gifted Liverpool the opening goal in the Merseyside derby. Liverpool took on local rivals Everton at Anfield on Monday night and were able to break the deadlock after 36 minutes, and just seconds after the visitors nearly scored. After James Tarkowski hit the post from corner, Darwin Nunez blitzed forward on the counter before crossing for Mohamed Salah to volley home. It was a sublime counter-attack but the Reds were certainly helped by goalkeeper Pickford who seemed to be completely caught in no mans land. Discussing his bizarre positioning, Neville said on Sky Sports: ‘It’s not interesting it’s just bad. I have no idea what he’s doing. ‘It’s almost as if he thinks the ball is not going to end up at Salah’s feet. It’s going to go to the back post. He makes a real mess of it, it’s an open goal he makes it very easy for Mo Salah.’ Fellow pundit Jamie Carragher agreed, adding: ‘You have to question the goalkeeper, I mean where is he going. ‘He finds himself in no-mans land and they’re the fine margins of a Merseyside derby.’ Pickford wasn’t the only Toffees star to get criticised however, with right-back Coleman’s failure to stop Nunez allowing the counter attack to happen so easily. ‘At the edge of the box you look at Coleman, once you go there you can’t stop,’ Neville added. ‘You’ve got to go win it and take everything or give a foul away. He jumps, he doesn’t delay the counter he quickens it up and we know how brilliant they are on the counter. They’ve been like that for years.’ Liverpool would later double their lead shortly after the break, with Cody Gakpo scoring his first goal for the club. MORE : Ian Wright makes Arsenal vs Manchester City prediction amid Erling Haaland injury concern MORE : Rodrigo Bentancur out for rest of season as Tottenham suffer another major injury blow For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 