Fast X filmmakers finally released a first look at the Fast & Furious saga’s latest addition and explosive conflict between Vin Diesel and Jason Momoa was the main event. Universal lifted the veil on its upcoming release and marked the beginning of the 10th instalment’s promotional campaign ahead of its debut on May 19. The clip confirmed appearances from newbies Jason Momoa and Brie Larson as they lead the pack of cast additions. Portraying the film’s villain Dante, the Aquaman star joined the famous cast for its highly-anticipated release alongside The Room actress – who took on a new character, Tess. Returning to the series for its 10th run were regulars faces Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese Gibson, Chris ‘Ludacris’ Bridges, Jordana Brewster, Sung Kang and Scott Eastwood. The new footage hinted at the danger Dom and his street racer crew will come up against as ‘the end of the road begins’. Dante acted as their latest adversary but the trailer began outlining a surprising link to the franchise’s 2011 film, Fast Five. Explaining Jason’s character’s link to incidents from the past, it was made clear he was affected by the Rio de Janeiro heist carried out by Dom and Brian (Paul Walker) all those years ago. The petrol-headed bad guy was revealed to be Hernan Reyes’ son and has dedicated his last 12 years to concocting the ultimate revenge plan. Vin’s Dom has a lot to lose as the patriarch of the Toretto family as he navigates fathering his son Brian (Leo Abuelo Perry), helped by Letty (Michelle Rodriguez). The exciting teaser also introduces Rita Moreno as Dom’s grandmother. ‘Dante’s plot will scatter Dom’s family from Los Angeles to the catacombs of Rome, from Brazil to London and from Portugal to Antarctica,’ the film’s synopsis explained. It continued hinting: ‘New allies will be forged and old enemies will resurface. But everything changes when Dom discovers that his own 8-year-old son is the ultimate target of Dante’s vengeance.’ Fans on Twitter went wild for the action-packed flick after watching the snippet that proved to be worth the wait according to many. One penned: ‘HOLY S**T!!! THIS HAS ME SO UNBELIEVABLY EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE!!! [sic]’. While another typed: ‘this is the coolest  @brielarson has ever f***ing looked. I AM ALL THE WAY IN [sic]’. Fast X is due to be released in cinemas on May 19, 2023.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 