Lewis Dunk insists the Brighton players and staff with ‘stick with’ Moises Caicedo despite his attempts to join Arsenal during the January transfer window. Arsenal saw two bids for the Ecuador international rejected in the final days of the January transfer window with Brighton adamant he was not for sale. Despite Caicedo releasing a statement underlining his intentions to leave and join Mikel Arteta’s side, the Seagulls held firm with Arsenal eventually abandoning their pursuit and signing Jorginho from Chelsea instead. Caciedo was told to stay away from first-team training as the saga unfolded in the final days of January, missing the 3-1 FA Cup victory over Liverpool as a result. The midfielder was back in the squad for Saturday’s league game against Bournemouth, coming off the bench to a warm reception from the Brighton support. Club captain Dunk admits there is still uncertainty over the player’s future at the club but believes the supporters and his teammates are doing the right thing in standing by him. Dunk told talkSPORT: ‘Obviously it was a difficult situation for him and these things happen in football. It’s not the first and won’t be the last time players at a football club having this going on over their head. ‘He’s a young boy and we stick with him. He’s a great lad and obviously a fantastic player. ‘Who knows how long we’ll have him for and we’re grateful to have him for at least the rest of the season and hopefully for longer. ‘I think it’s a massive statement from the club, standing their ground. Obviously we’ve sold players over the years to bigger clubs but I think it’s a great statement to show that we want to keep him and I think rightly so.’ While the 21-year-old will finish the season at Brighton, Caicedo’s agent last week slammed Brighton’s decision to stand in his way. ‘The offers were received, you see what is on the table and Moises says that he wants to go forward, that it is the dream of his whole life. ‘That it is an opportunity that may not be repeated in life,’ Manuel Sierra, Caicedo’s representative, said. MORE : Gary Neville rates Manchester United’s title chances after Manchester City and Arsenal defeats MORE : Sean Dyche is ready to crack the whip after Everton’s 1-0 victory against Arsenal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 