Molly-Mae Hague has revealed that her newborn daughter Bambi finds nappy changes ‘traumatic’. The new mum, who welcomed her first child with boyfriend Tommy Fury on January 23, also told fans how she’s been managing to calm her little girl down. ‘My teeny tiny girl. Sometimes nappy changes are that traumatic for her that we don’t make it to the reclothing stage,’ Molly, 23, wrote on Tuesday. Alongside a photo of herself cradling little Bambi, who was wrapped in a grey blanket, the former Love Island star added: ‘So we just snuggle up in blankets and cuddle until she’s calm again.’ In the update, shared with her 7.1million Instagram followers, Molly bowed her head towards the tot and clutched her tiny hand. Molly-Mae and Tommy – who met on the 2019 series of Love Island – revealed shortly after their little girl was born that she had a Disney-inspired name and offered a peek inside her chic nursery. The doting mum also confirmed on social media that she’d had a natural birth and even posted images captured inside the hospital room where Bambi was born. Sharing a tidbit about her labour story after being bombarded with questions about the delivery, Molly confirmed: ‘A lot of you have asked if I was able to have a natural birth as Tommy was wearing scrubs in our first pic… yes I was able to have a natural delivery. ‘I can’t wait to tell you all about it soon. Biggest and best achievement of my whole entire life.’ Since welcoming Bambi, Molly has also spoken candidly about her sleepless nights, writing: ‘The nights are the hardest but also the most special.’ After announcing her daughter’s birth, Molly penned a heartfelt message to her baby girl, vowing to love and protect her. ‘One week old today. I can’t believe we get to keep you forever,’ she wrote. ‘Becoming your mum has been the best thing to ever happen to me… it doesn’t seem possible but my love for you grows with each passing moment. There is no feeling like holding you in my arms little one, my heart literally explodes.’ She added: ‘Thank you for entering the world safely for us and blessing us with the gift of being your parents. ‘We promise to love and and care for you unconditionally forever.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : James Norton claims Americans have to watch Happy Valley with subtitles on: ‘I feel so proud when I go over there’ MORE : Below Deck star Alissa Humber has unexpected update on bond with Camille Lamb after explosive rows 