Matt Smith couldn’t keep the smile from his face as she reunited with ex-girlfriend Lily James for a stroll in London. The Doctor Who actor, 40, and Mamma Mia star, 33, were in a relationship for five years, having met on the set of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies in 2015. However they split in 2020, with Lily later being seen kissing married Dominic West while on a trip to Rome, and after that starting a relationship with Queens of the Stone Age singer Michael Shuman. Pam and Tommy actress Lily is now reported to have split from Michael, with a source telling the Sun on Sunday recently they had ‘grown apart in recent months and have now decided to end their relationship.’ Now former couple Lily and Matt have reunited for a sunny stroll in north London, with pictures showing wide grins on each of their faces as they embraced. Photographs of their reunion show Matt, in a long black coat, dark sunglasses and his hair in its trademark quiff, waiting outside a cafe near Primrose Hill with his dog. As Lily approaches, in a cool floral jacket and black jeans, he smiles instantly, with the pair going straight in for a hug. The pair chat for a while, with Lily seen greeting Matt’s pup with a scratch behind the ears, and then set off down the street together in deep conversation. At one point Lily appears to be taking a selfie of the pair as they walk, holding her hands in front of her face, while Matt follows on behind carrying a bag with him. Lily and Matt split twice before finally ending things in October 2020, having first got back together during the first wave of the Covid pandemic. It was reported at the time that they were still living together despite the break-up, and a source claimed to the Sun on Sunday things had been ‘difficult’. The anonymous source claimed at the time: ‘Things haven’t been right for a while, and a few months ago they decided to finally end it properly. ‘It has been difficult because they have many mutual friends, so hopefully it will all stay civilised. But for now the relationship is formally off.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Matt and Lily for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Claire Foy found it ‘disgusting’ to watch former Crown co-star Matt Smith in House of the Dragon MORE : House of the Dragon star Emma D’Arcy addresses ‘problematic’ incest storyline with Matt Smith 