A man convicted of killing his girlfriend and her three young children has been executed despite claiming he was in a different state at the time of the quadruple murder. Raheem Taylor, 58, kicked his feet as he was injected with 5 grams of pentobarbital. He took his last five or six deep breaths on Tuesday evening. ‘Death is not your enemy, it is your destiny. Look forward to meeting it. Peace!’ wrote Taylor, who went by the first name Leonard, in his final statement. He also wrote that Muslims do not die but rather ‘live eternally in the hearts of our family and friends’. Taylor, of Missouri, claimed he was in California when his live-in girlfriend Angela Rowe, her son Tyrese Conley, 10, and her daughters AcQreya Conley and Alexus Conley, 6 and 10 respectively, were found dead. It is known that Taylor flew to California on November 26, 2004. However, it is not clear when the family was killed. Police responded to the family’s home in the St Louis suburb of Jennings on December 3 of that year. There, they discovered the bodies of Rowe and her three kids, shot dead. A medical examiner’s initial findings indicated that the four were killed within days of their bodies being found, which was when Taylor was in California. But Medical Examiner Phillip Burch said during the trial that the family could have been killed two to three weeks before their corpses were found. The prosecutor at the time, Bob McCulloch, said evidence suggested that Rowe and her children were murdered on November 22 or 23, when Taylor was in St Louis. McCulloch called Taylor’s claims ‘nonsense’. Efforts to grant Taylor clemency or a hearing before a judge were declined despite support from the national NAACP, the Midwest Innocence Project and about three dozen civil rights and religious organizations. After Taylor’s execution, Rowe’s sister, Gerauan Rowe, said that moving on is still hard more than 18 years after the quadruple killing. ‘I’m at a point in my life right now – I’m OK but I’m not,’ she said. ‘But I know justice was served. It’s kind of hard trying to move forward, but I think I can do it.’ Taylor is the third death row inmate in Missouri to be executed since November at the Bonne Terre state prison. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.