Rachel Stevens has spoken about moving out of the family home she shared with her ex-Alex Bourne and even touched upon dating someone new. The S Club 7 star split from Alex after almost 13 years of marriage in July but only left the house they shared ‘two weeks ago’. Now living with their two daughters, Amelie, 12, and Minnie, eight, in a new home, the 44-year-old popstar has spoken at length for the first time about the breakdown of her marriage but insisted she’s not ready to start dating anyone new. Asked whether she’s been asked on dates now she’s single, Rachel shared: ‘Yeah, there’s been a few [offers to take her out]. ‘But no, I’m not ready to start dating. I’ve got enough going on for now. But I love love. I’m the soppiest person. We should be happy to be in love and deserve all the great things in life.’ The doting mum also said finally moving out of the home she shared with her 45-year-old actor ex was ‘difficult’, adding to The Sun: ‘Our split is very amicable and that’s really helping. It’s only the last two weeks that we’ve not been living together. ‘That was definitely difficult. We’re doing it with love and respect, but it’s a process.’ The star announced in July last year that she and Alex had parted ways, one month before their 13th anniversary. Rachel said it had been a ‘difficult decision’ to make but assured that she and Alex would remain ‘partners in parenthood’ for their two daughters. Rachel and Alex tied the knot in 2009 at Claridge’s in London. They were childhood sweethearts who reconnected later in life and went on to build a family. Rachel previously revealed on Roxie Nafousi’s The Moments That Made Me podcast: ‘We were childhood sweethearts. We went out with each other when we were 12, we met at youth club and I was besotted with him! ‘We went out for probably about four weeks and when you’re that age that was a really long time!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Grennan insists he’s ‘not a crude person’ after Ellie Goulding breast joke at Brit Awards MORE : Suicide Squad is everything that’s wrong with modern video games – Reader’s Feature 