We all have those little sticking points in our relationship. That one thing that we can’t seem to stop bickering over. In fact, UK couples average about five arguments every week over little household niggles. But what is the number one culprit when it comes to sparking an argument? Apparently, forgetting to switch the lights off after leaving a room is the biggest bug bear for couples, according to a survey of 2,000 adults by YaleHome. It seems we all hate going from room to room flicking switches behind your partner, who has managed to turn on the main light, lamp and maybe even a fairy lights. And rows creep into other rooms in the house too. Wiping down kitchen surfaces is another pet peeve that sparks arguments between couples, with 19% of people saying they bicker over the crumbs and sticky stains left on the counters. And if damp towels being left on the floor gets you riled up then you aren’t alone, with 17% of people saying this causes arguments between them and their partner. Who should pay the bills and how high the thermostat should be set are equally as frustrating for couples, which perhaps isn’t surprising in a cost of living crisis –  12% saying it’s a source of tension in their relationship. Hate watching the same boring TV programs as your partner? Well, that’s another sticking point for couples too. Surprisingly matters of home security placed fairly low on the list with only 7% arguing over not double-locking the doors at night and 5% arguing over leaving the windows open when no one is home. These little rows in our relationships can be frustrating and 25% of us said that despite loving our partner dearly, they often cause us to take a deep breath. Nearly half of us have discussions about house rules in order to diffuse tension and prevent the constant bickering. One TikToker even spoke about putting her boyfriend on a performance improvement plan in order to manage his effort when it came to household chores. According to the poll, the quantity of arguments vary across the UK, with couples from Sheffield and Stoke-on-Trent have the most arguments about household tasks, with a whopping eight arguments a week. Couples from London and Birmingham have seven tiffs a week, while people from Glasgow and Manchester have six. Relationship expert Sarah Louise Ryan said: ‘Whilst it’s not sexy, it’s important to iron out the division of tasks and each other’s expectations around how things run around the house for relational wellness.’ ‘Talking about house rules might not be an easy subject but what it comes down to is two people figuring out how they want their relationship to feel within the home, in day to day life. ‘Whilst it might not spark the flame of desire for either romantic party it may, in the long run, make them feel more connected as they don’t have to worry about some of the emotional and physical strains that could take place within the home. ‘Instead, they become clear on the practical division of tasks as well as bigger important topics such as home security so they can spend the day to day focusing on emotional and relational connection within the relationship.’ But how should you approach your partner about these little niggles? Sarah said: ‘I always suggest couples spend one night a month (and they put it in a shared calendar) talking about the practical aspects that keep things ticking so it doesn’t dim the flame on date night. ‘This is almost like a relationship business meeting each month where couples iron out things such as bills, money, chores, practical elements to support the home, division of tasks with children and family, joint projects, pursuing their own down time and passions and consciously scheduling time for them to connect such as date night and trips. ‘Topics such as home security would fit perfectly into the etched out time so if it’s not so sexy for couples it doesn’t dim the desire on date night.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘You’re fighting a losing battle’: This is life for generation rent facing eternal tenancy MORE : ‘We ditched our house for a converted school bus – and now save £8,000 per year’ MORE : Five Lunchbox ideas your kids will love that all cost less than £5