Kylie Jenner has revealed her favorite sister, with Kim Kardashian in the top spot. The 25-year-old is the youngest of the famous family, and has nine siblings – including Rob, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian, model Kendall Jenner, Cassandra Marino, and their brothers, Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner. In a new interview, accompanied by a stunning photoshoot, the beauty mogul delved into her family dynamics and spilled the beans on who she is closest to. When asked about her favorite sister, the mom-of-two confessed: ‘It changes over time. Right now it’s Kim. ‘Kim has changed so much recently. We are very connected, she is always the first sister I call when I need something. We have been going through a lot of similar experiences lately.’ She also praised the Skims businesswoman for teaching her ‘strength, and the ability to always tell yourself that you can do it, come way may’, describing her as ‘really strong’. Kylie conceded that, despite being the closest in age to Kendall, they have the ‘least in common, without a doubt’. ‘You know what they say, though? Opposites attract. And that’s how it works with us,’ she insisted to Vanity Fair Italy, explaining that the 818 founder had taught her ‘the importance of friendship and unconditional love’. Elsewhere in the candid chat, the lip kit queen took a moment to applaud mother Kris Jenner, calling the momager her ‘best friend’. ‘My mother is the strongest woman I know. From an early age she instilled in us the idea that we could do something great. I don’t know how she does it, but she always manages to be perfect, perfect in every moment,’ she added. ‘As long as I was living at home with her, she was my mom. When I left home, she became my best friend. As far as business is concerned, my mother is my bulldog and my protector. I respect her so much.’ It’s a good thing that the pair are so close, as Kylie has just kicked off construction on a mansion right near Kris’ property. The Kardashians star recently made headlines when she finally ended the speculation surrounding her son’s name, nearly one year after welcoming her second child with Travis Scott. The former couple introduced their baby boy last February, initially announcing that his name was Wolf – before U-turning on the decision shortly after, explaining they had decided to change the moniker. She kept fans waiting for months before revealing what they had settled on, and remained coy when referring to the little one in interviews. Having kept her baby boy out of the spotlight for the first 11 months of his life, she finally showed his face properly for the first time on social media last month – while also revealing his name is Aire. Celebrating his first birthday at the beginning of the month, she added: ‘AIRE. my son, my moon, my stars. Best year of my life with you. You complete us my angel. Mommy loves you. ‘Happy 1st birthday. May God always bless you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ewan McGregor and wife Mary Elizabeth Winstead to star in first project together since getting married MORE : Capital FM receives 800 more complaints over DJ Ant Payne’s Turkey earthquake joke  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 