Foo Fighters have remembered their late bandmate Taylor Hawkins on what would have been his 51st birthday. The drummer died suddenly in March of 2022 in his hotel room in Colombia while on tour with the rock band. Bandmates Dave Grohl, Nate Mendel, Pat Smear, Chris Shiflett and Rami Jaffee have regularly shared their heartache at losing their friend and talented drummer, and previously set up a memorial concert for the star in London. Now, as Foo Fighters confirm their comeback and announce a headline set at Boston Calling festival, they have been hit with grief again as they mark Hawkins’ first birthday since his death. The official Foo Fighters Instagram account on Friday shared a gorgeous black-and-white professional photo of the musician, seated at his drum kit and smiling softly at the camera. Alongside the photo, the band wrote simply: ‘Miss you so much.’ Fans flooded the comment section to share their love and grief for Hawkins, as well as wish the band strength. It comes after Grohl and co reflected on ‘the darkest of times’ as they prepared to ring in the new year, and said the last year had taught them to be ‘thankful’ for all they had. Writing in a touching statement, the note read: ‘As we say goodbye to the most difficult and tragic year that our band has ever known, we are reminded of how thankful we are for the people that we love and cherish most, and for the loved ones who are no longer with us.’ Paying particular tribute to Hawkins, they went on: ‘Without Taylor, we never would have become the band that we were – and without Taylor, we know that we’re going to be a different band going forward. ‘We also know that you, the fans, meant as much to Taylor as he meant to you. And we know that when we see you again – and we will soon – he’ll be there in spirit with all of us every night.’ Shortly afterwards, the band announced their headlining set in Boston, keeping their promise to see the fans again ‘soon’. It has not yet been confirmed who will replace Hawkins, although rumours have been floating around that it could be The Darkness drummer Rufus ‘Tiger’ Taylor. The 31-year-old joined the rock band in Wembley for songs These Days and Best of You at the tribute night dedicated to Hawkins’ memory. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Foo Fighters announce first gig since drummer Taylor Hawkins’ death MORE : Foo Fighters reflect on ‘tragic year’ and confirm comeback following death of drummer Taylor Hawkins 