You should include a 10-week wait to renew your passports if you’re planning to go away this summer, the Government has warned. This lengthy delay was in place during the pandemic, when coronavirus restrictions significantly impacted processing times. But the home secretary, Suella Braverman, has now admitted the lag will remain in place, The Telegraph reports. She told MPs: ‘We expect elevated demand for passports throughout the year – and demand can be volatile – so customers should continue to allow 10 weeks. I urge people to apply in good time and not at the last minute.’ This comes after passport costs were hiked last week – the first time in five years. Applying for a new passport rose from £75.50 to £82.50 for adults, and £49 to £53.50 for children. Postal applications also jumped from £85 to £93 for adults and £58.50 to £64 for children. The Government said of the fee hike: ‘The new fees will help the Home Office move towards a system that meets its costs through those who use it, reducing reliance on funding from general taxation. ‘The Government does not make any profit from the cost of passport applications. ‘The fees will also contribute to the cost of processing passport applications, consular support overseas, including for lost or stolen passports, and the cost of processing British citizens at UK borders. ‘The increase will also help enable the Government to continue improving its services.’ On top of this, Liberal Democrat figures reportedly show the number of passports lost by the Home Office is at a five-year high. Wera Hobhouse, Lib Dem MP for Bath, said: ‘These are new heights of incompetence for the Home Office. British travellers who urgently need new passports are being left high and dry by these endless delays. ‘The Home Office needs to step up and take decisive action before more people are let down and lose confidence in these services.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.