Cons get complicated in this glossy thriller set in modern day New York. Although Julianne Moore takes top billing, we don’t meet her character for a while – the action actually opens with Tom (Justice Smith) who meets Sandra (Briana Middleton) when she wanders into his bookstore. Very soon, they are deeply in love. A rare appearance from one of Tom’s friends informs us that she’s his ideal woman, like a ‘sexy librarian’. Our suspicions are on high alert. One scam later, the film turns back the clock and introduces us to various other characters in episodic chapters. These include the showy, slightly sinister Max (Sebastian Stan), who has a habit of hanging out in shady bars trying to buy off parole officers, and Madeline (Moore), who is in a relationship with the wealthy Richard (John Lithgow). All their fates will intertwine in glamorous Manhattan penthouses where nothing is what it seems. Or is it? As an audience, we’re kept a bit ahead of some characters, less so others. It’s a twisty thriller that recalls everything from Nikita to Pygmalion, though with only a few comedic moments, it’s less entertaining than the likes of Ocean’s 11. The soundtrack including Nina Simone and The Supremes lifts the mood (it seems like each character has their theme); but the tone is mostly foreboding and serious. There’s a hint of tawdry erotica, but the love scenes stop demurely at the point where you hear that belt buckle being unclicked. Moore is tremendous; other performances vary perhaps a little more than they are meant to – it’s a bit distracting trying to figure out if they are unconvincing because they are staging a con, or just not acting very well. It’s all a bit silly and as it weaves towards the end it pushes the boundaries of credibility and patience. But if you’re a fan of con movies, it’s a decent enough time passer with a few WTF moments to discuss afterwards. In cinemas from Friday and on Apple TV Feb 17 MORE : Happy Valley final review: Tommy Lee Royce resigns to his fate in tense climax MORE : Dear Edward review: The latest crash drama burns with spirit