Life-altering events are at the centre of next week’s soaps, with incidents and discoveries that will change the very landscape of our favourite serial dramas – possibly forever! EastEnders continues its trend of being must-see TV with its long-awaited big anniversary week here, which has life-shattering events on the cards for a number of the BBC One soap’s most iconic women. A devastating photo, a big discovery and reignited passion are just a few of the things in store for the ladies who feature in the historic outing of the serial drama, so make a note not to miss. Emmerdale, meanwhile, sees a shocking death destroy the opening of Bernice Blackstock and Bob Hope’s new and improved B&B, leaving the owners devastated. Over in Coronation Street, David Platt makes a bad choice when he drunkenly tries to kiss Maria Connor, with his actions later getting back to wife Shona Ramsey. As for Hollyoaks? Well, Juliet Nightingale spirals out of control, with Peri Lomax determined to help her, but one thing leads to another and Jules is subsequently arrested. Is that enough to whether your appetite or has it simply left you wanting more? If the answer to that question is the latter option, then you’re in luck as we’ve only just scratched the surface! For all this and more, Metro.co.uk is once again the place to be, serving up some brand new, piping hot, spoilers for next week’s (February 20 to 24) soapy shenanigans. Linda’s world is turned upside down when she receives a photo of Shirley in the company of rapist Dean, which was forwarded to her by Carly. The discovery leaves the landlady devastated, as she retreats to the hallway and breaks down, with Kathy subsequently stepping in to console her, with the two discussing what they’ve both been through in the past. Sharon and Keanu discuss their feelings and one thing leads to another, with the pair ultimately succumbing to temptation in the bathroom of the Vic, before returning to the bar, where they’re greeted by sarcastic comments, which leads the other pub-goers to realise what they’ve been up to! There is, however, more heartbreak in store, as Sharon discovers the truth about Keanu and Sam’s past. With the evening having proven eventful for all of them, a number of Walford’s women settle in for a lock-in, where they bond over their shared experiences and moan about the men in their lives. What soon becomes apparent, however, is that – in a flash – everything can change. David learns that Max has been attacked and he subsequently drowns his sorrows, before leaning in for a drunken kiss with Maria, who orders him to go home. Maria relays the incident to Gary, who finds David and Shona in the Rovers and spills the beans, leaving Shona mortified as she hurries away – before later telling David that she’s leaving him! Stephen takes shocking action to keep Carla away from work, turning up at her home and spiking her glass of water, leaving her feeling woozy and disoriented. Peter decides to call the doctor, worried sick about Carla. Daisy is bombarded by messages from Justin, with Daniel resolving to report the incident to the police. PC Scott, however, plays the whole thing down and begins to like all of Daisy’s holiday snaps, much to her horror. Justin, meanwhile, has a bouquet of flowers in hand. Daisy approaches, destroying the bouquet before punching him – after he lays a hand on her. Justin accuses Daisy of assault, as she is taken to the station. It’s opening day for the B&B, but Bernice’s attention is elsewhere as she spends the night with Tim, the harpist she’s booked to play for the big day. Tim, however, fails to show up to the event, and Bob is forced to explain to her that he’s found him dead! Marshall insists once more that he and Arthur simply can’t be friends, leaving Laurel to comfort her son. Arthur, meanwhile, turns to Jacob to help him prepare for his LGBTQ+ event. Nicky brushes off Gabby’s advances, so she asks him to zip her up in her dress. Her position as his boss, however, means Nicky is reluctant to start anything with her, so she fires him so they can take things to the next level. Fed up of everyone constantly fussing over her, Juliet decides to head out to party at The Loft with new pals Lacey and Rayne. Peri, meanwhile, gets wind of what’s going on and makes beeline for The Loft, much to the horror of Juliet, who makes it her mission to keep the party going for as long as she can. But things take a turn when a piece of Juliet’s hair falls out, with Rayne offering her support. An altercation later ensues at the nightclub, as Zoe Anderson – who Peri hoped would be able to help – ends up getting accidentally hit by Juliet, who is then arrested for her actions! Juliet makes a huge decision, resolving to shave off her hair after it begins to fall out. Subsequent scenes see her, with Peri by her side, head to the gym to show mum Donna-Marie and Leela her new look. EastEnders airs Mondays to Thursdays at 7:30pm on BBC One. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. Emmerdale airs Mondays to Fridays at 7:30pm on ITV. Hollyoaks airs Mondays to Fridays at 7pm on E4, with first look episodes daily on All4. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Lily Slater makes a huge decision after dad Ryan Malloy’s explosive return MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: Sean Tully walks in as killer Stephen Reid spikes Carla Connor with LSD in new video clip