Irish journalist Damian Kerlin is the host of Memories From The Dancefloor, one of the best new podcasts out there right now. His new audio series takes a deep dive into the euphoric history of queer nightlife in the UK and champions some of Britain’s most iconic LGBTQ+ venues and their owners. Metro.co.uk caught up with Damian to chat about his new podcast and it quickly became clear that the writer is pretty well versed in tearing up the town. In fact, Damian revealed he’d once enjoyed a night out with none other than Enrique Iglesias in Cardiff and even romanced the star’s lighting designer. Iconic much? When asked whether he has any anecdotes about rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous on a night out, Damian told us with a giggle: ‘When I was at university, I was in Cardiff, and I went to Pulse.’ It was at the iconic Welsh nightclub that Damian mingled with Enrique, who was staying with his team at the nearby Radisson hotel. ‘So, I ended up basically partying with Enrique through the night,’ Damian added, also noting that he hooked up with the Hero crooner’s lighting designer. If juicy titbits like that are up your street, you’re going to love Memories From The Dancefloor, which not only spotlights the trailblazers that made queer clubbing what it is today, but also includes raucous tales from the dancefloor, like the time Pierce Brosnan bust moves at Heaven and Grace Jones gave someone a (literal) whipping. Speaking to the likes of producer Ian Levine and Night Czar Amy Lamé, Memories From The Dancefloor is an thumping, sweat-soaked ode to the history of British queer nightlife. As for what Damian hopes people take away from the podcast? ‘Joy and solidarity,’ he says without pause. ‘[To see] what the world can be when we find a way to coexist and really love each other and just get on and take people for how they are and how they want to be.’ Memories From The Dancefloor is available to listen to now on Spotify, Apple Podcasts and Google Podcasts. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania divides critics with low Rotten Tomatoes debut score MORE : The Last of Us crew ‘were banned’ from saying one word on set for an important reason 