Streets up and down the UK have been lit up after hundreds gathered to pay tribute to Brianna Ghey. The 16-year-old, from Birchwood in Warrington, Cheshire, was found injured on a path in Linear Park, Culcheth. Just days before she had reportedly posted a TikTok video revealing she had been excluded from school. Two teenagers, a 15-year-old boy and girl, both from the area, have since been arrested on suspicion of her murder. Vigils were held this evening at St George’s Hall in Liverpool and at College Green Bristol. In Liverpool, pictures of Brianna were placed on the ground alongside the message ‘Rest in Power’. Candles and the transgender flag were among the items held by mourners. In Bristol, signs such as ‘love my Trans child’ and ‘We’re all in this together’ were proudly displayed. Vigils have been planned over the comings days in Manchester, Glasgow and Leeds. Additional events are also scheduled in Aberdeen, Reading, Plymouth, Brighton, Belfast and York. A GoFundMe crowdfunding page set up to help the schoolgirl’s family has passed £70,000 in donations just one day after it was set up. More than 4,500 people from 41 different countries have contributed to the fundraising efforts, GoFundMe confirmed. In a tribute issued after Brianna’s death on behalf of her family, they said the teenager was a “much-loved daughter, granddaughter, and baby sister”. The statement continued: “She was a larger-than-life character who would leave a lasting impression on all that met her. “Brianna was beautiful, witty and hilarious. “Brianna was strong, fearless and one of a kind. “The loss of her young life has left a massive hole in our family, and we know that the teachers and her friends who were involved in her life will feel the same.” A number of police vans were seen parked in the surrounding area after the incident, with a number of uniformed officers patrolling the park. A large section of the area was cordoned off by police tape, and police dogs were also seen at the scene. The headteacher at Brianna’s school, Birchwood Community High School, said they were “shocked and truly devastated” by her death. A number of schoolchildren, still in their school uniforms, placed flowers at the police cordon at the entrance to the park on Monday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.