Borussia Dortmund sporting director Sebastian Kehl says the club are still keen to keep Jude Bellingham, although admits that is wishful thinking as European giants circle for the teenage star. Bellingham has been linked with a string of Europe’s biggest clubs, including Liverpool, Manchester United, Chelsea, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain. However, Real Madrid are convinced that a Premier League return is very likely for the England international and any clubs from elsewhere in Europe are probably fighting a losing battle for his signature. He remains under contract at Dortmund until 2025 so they are not under immediate pressure to sell, although Bellingham’s price may be at its peak this summer. Kehl says there is no guarantee that he will be sold, with the club wanting to keep hold of him, but admits there has been no advance in talks over him staying and it does seem unlikely. ‘There has been no new development. We’ll have to be patient for a little longer,’ Kehl said on negotiations with Bellingham. ‘But of course we try to keep Jude Bellingham at Borussia Dortmund as long as possible because he is an incredibly important player who has shown once again this season how he identifies with this club and makes the team better. ‘Things develop due to market mechanisms. So of course I have my thoughts and also have my wishful thinking. I can’t say whether that will happen in the end. ‘From Borussia Dortmund’s point of view, the wishful thinking would be to keep a player of this quality at this club for as long as possible. I would also like to have kept Erling Haaland or Jadon Sancho at Borussia Dortmund, because you can only imagine if we had managed to keep all three players in one team, what opportunities would then arise. ‘We will always try everything to keep players of this quality at BVB – because we are ambitious, because we want to win titles. For this we need not only good, but also outstanding players.’ Dortmund have been in fine form since the World Cup, winning all six matches since the break and host Chelsea in the Champions League on Wednesday night in the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie. MORE : Former Arsenal scout reveals why club failed to sign Jude Bellingham MORE : Real Madrid resigned to losing out in Jude Bellingham chase this summer and expect him to join Premier League side For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.