Several Premier League clubs want Manchester City kicked out of the division if they are found guilty of breaking financial rules. Following a four-year investigation, Man City have been charged by the Premier League with 101 alleged breaches of financial rules from 2009 to 2018. Manchester City said on Monday that they were ‘surprised’ by the charges and ‘looking forward’ to clearing their name ‘once and for all’. An independent commission can suggest a range of punishments if Man City are found guilty, ranging from a fine to expulsion from the Premier League. Sky Sports say ‘many’ Premier League clubs would favour the latter, with some of the clubs pressing hardest for action members of the so-called ‘big six’ – which includes Manchester United, Liverpool, Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham. Another possible punishment is to strip Man City of the titles they won in the period in question but there is a feeling around the Premier League that this would be meaningless and cause confusion. But a number of clubs want the Premier League to come down hard on Manchester City if they are found guilty and fear a fine would not have the necessary effect. Man City have been the dominant force in English football over the past decade, lifting six Premier League titles since 2012 and four in the past five seasons. Of the 101 charges against Manchester City, almost half relate to the providing of ‘accurate financial information that gives a true and fair view of the club’s financial position’. Man City have also been accused of providing inaccurate financial information in regards to manager and player remuneration. The third section deals with alleged breaches of Premier League rules requiring clubs to comply with UEFA financial fair play regulations. In 2020, Manchester City were suspended from European football by UEFA for ‘serious breaches’ of financial fair play regulations, but the two-year ban was overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. At the time, Pep Guardiola – who is still at Man City – threated to quit if the club were found guilty. ‘Why did I defend the club and the people? It’s because I work with them,’ he said back in May 2022. ‘When they are accused of something I ask them: “Tell me about that.” They explain and I believe them. ‘I said to them: “If you lie to me, the day after I am not here. I will be out and I will not be your friend any more. I put my faith in you because I believe you 100% from day one and I defend the club because of that”.’ Manchester City are currently second in the Premier League – five points behind Arsenal, who are bidding to win their first title since 2004.  MORE : Martin Keown fears Man City will use Premier League charge as ‘fuel’ to win title MORE : The punishments Manchester City could face after alleged financial breaches For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.