This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. From cleansers and serums, to acids and moisturisers, there’s a host of hero products out there that promise to give us flawless skin. It’s perhaps surprising then that the latest skincare trend on TikTok doesn’t include a single one of them. The caveman skincare routine is all about allowing your skin to return to its so-called ‘natural state.’ Essentially you’re not meant to use anything on your face at all – just water. And while the idea of it might make your skin crawl, fans say it ‘resets’ your skin, and ultimately leaves it looking clearer. So does it actually work? GP and founder of ESK skincare, Dr Ginni Mansberg, told Metro.co.uk there is no scientific evidence to support its effectiveness. Dr Ginni said: ‘While it is true that some skincare products may be harsh and disrupt the skin’s natural balance, completely avoiding all skincare products may not be the best approach for everyone. ‘Different skin types have different needs, and some may require more attention and care than others.’ Dr Ginni said there are plenty of skincare products that are poorly formulated which may irritate the skin, impair barrier function or exacerbate an underlying skincare condition, but there is no evidence for ditching well formulated products. She said: ‘There just haven’t been any peer review trials where the caveman routine has been tested. ‘Assuming that you stay sun safe and your skin is great, that you don’t live in a polluted environment and that you at least wash your face with water (I suspect that’s a pretty small group of people), I can’t see much harm in doing it. ‘But if you have some underlying skin concern like acne, hyperpigmentation, eczema, psoriasis or even rosacea, there is a pretty good chance that your skin will get worse if you stop using products that are otherwise helping.’ While it’s hard to know exactly why, rates of skin sensitivity and acne have been increasing over the last few decades. Dr Ginni said that if your skin isn’t great, hoping that it will get better by ignoring it really doesn’t make much sense. Still like the sound of a skin reset? Dr Ginni shares her step-by-step routine – using tried and tested products. Dr Ginni said a soap free cleanser will avoid stripping the skin. You want a cleanser with a pH at, below, or around the skin’s pH. The evidence here is still emerging, but look for a pH somewhere around 4.5 to 5.0 Dr Ginni said dry skin is more likely to become irritated and is at great risk from a number of common skin conditions. Most active products these days will have moisturising ingredients, so if you are using active ingredients, you may not need a separate moisturiser. ‘A zinc based sunscreen used every day through the year will not only reduce the risk of premature skin aging and skin cancer, but will also protect the skin from UV damage,’ said Ginni. ‘This can dry the skin and also directly result in flair ups of any skin conditions that are lurking.’ Dr Ginni listed the active ingredients you should look for in your skincare depending on your skincare issues. Vitamin A (and specifically the most effective and gentle cosmeceutical form – retinol) will be your best friend for managing premature skin aging, acne, rosacea and hyperpigmentation. Vitamin B3 is a great allrounder for skin aging, pigmentation, acne and rosacea. It also improves skin barrier function, so is great for sensitive and dry skin. Vitamin C helps with prematurely aged, and sun damaged skin. Particularly when paired with Vitamin E and Ferulic Acid. The only evidence based form is Ascorbic Acid, but it needs to be at a low pH and is occasionally irritating. Alpha hydroxy acids will exfoliate for a smoother skin, can hydrate the skin and glycolic acid also increases the effectiveness of retinol. But they can be irritating for sensitive and rosacea prone skin. Salicylic acid is a gentle exfoliator, particularly useful in tackling acne. And if pigmentation is a concern, look for 4-n-butylresorcinol. A gentle and highly effective depigmentation agent that is well tolerated and can be used long term. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : We tried Merit beauty, the cult American brand that’s just landed in the UK – here’s what we honestly think MORE : ‘Ukrainian in heart, in body, in blood’: The Ukraine Show at London Fashion Week was a catwalk of resistance MORE : Starbucks releases olive oil coffee, will you be drinking it?