Shocking CCTV footage shows the moment a thief made off with floral tributes she stole from a child’s grave. Leanne Slater, 39, stole flowers from Durham Road cemetery in Stockton in June last year, leaving a family ‘heartbroken.’ Grieving mum Donna Dixon, 45, had attended the cemetery earlier that afternoon to honour her son Keiran who died suddenly aged 14 in 2012. Family and friends visited the grave to mark 10 years since his passing and laid fresh flowers at the site. However, his loved ones were left devastated when half an hour later they were stolen by Slater. The Durham Road resident, was found guilty of the theft at a trial at Teesside Magistrates’ Court on Wednesday. A warrant was issued after she failed to attend court. Speaking after the hearing, Kieran’s mum, Donna, from Stockton, said she was ‘absolutely gutted’ when she realised the flowers had been stolen. She said: ‘It’s appalling to even stoop that low. She said: ‘It’s not nice to steal anything but from a cemetery it’s just disgusting. It was such a kick in the teeth the flowers had only been on his garden for half an hour and it was his 10th memorial. ‘He was a popular kid so everyone knew where the flowers had come from so we were just absolutely gutted. It made me sick to my stomach. ‘I understand people have problems but it just leaves you speechless to think people would do that.’ Slater was caught after Keiran’s friend Jessica Hart received a picture of Slater carrying two of the floral tributes she left. She then received CCTV footage of Slater with the items. In the video, Slater can be seen carrying a bouquet under each arm and travelling away from the scene. Prosecutor Anne Mitchell said: ‘Enquiries were made and the location of the female was established. ‘Donna Dixon then attended the location and found the defendant and detained her until police arrived. She was wearing the same clothing as the female pictured leaving the cemetery with the flowers.’ The court heard Slater, of Durham Road, Stockton, was interviewed by Cleveland Police but gave no reply to all questions. At an earlier hearing she pleaded not guilty to the theft. Giving evidence in court, Donna said when she saw the picture she got in her car and looked for the defendant, she said: ‘I saw her wearing the same coat and got out and confronted her. She just denied she had been anywhere near.’ Slater was found guilty of theft and failing to surrender to police/ court bail. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.