A horse has undergone a gruelling three-hour, £6,000 operation after suffering a horrific attack with a pair of scissors. Four-year-old Duke was left with blood pouring from his left eye after being slashed by an unknown assailant on Wednesday (February 22). His owner, part-time farm worker Sarah Medley-Johns, 42, says she has been filled with anxiety following the attack, which she believes is linked to a string of horse thefts in the area. ‘It’s so cruel. Duke is a gorgeous gentle giant,’ said Sarah, a mum-of-two from Cambridgeshire. ‘He’d always put his head forward to say, “Hi” to somebody. He’s not to know they were going to take scissors to his eye. ‘It feels like such a personal attack. He’s my absolute pride and joy.’ Sarah bought Duke, a Clydesdale, for her 40th birthday. She stumbled upon the attack last week after dropping her daughter, 11, off at school. After arriving at work she noticed two unknown figures scarpering over a neary fence, and claimed the CCTV had been disconnected when she went to investigate. When she went to check on Duke, she found the assailants had pulled on his bottom eyelid and sliced it with a pair of scissors, leaving the horse in considerable pain and distress while his eyelid hung off him ‘like a slug’. ‘They even had the nerve to use my own scissors they took from the hay barn,’ she said. Sarah rushed Duke to the vets, where it was decided he needed surgery. She said: ‘Wednesday afternoon was very tense. I’m so relieved he’s through it and so happy to have him back home.’ ’I’d like to say a big thank you to Equine Vets for being so understanding and kind to me and Duke. ‘They’re worth their weight in gold.’ Sarah believes the attack is tied to four horse thefts she claims to have also suffered over the last two years, and says she is suffering from anxiety and is now constantly worried about her horse’s wellbeing. She has reported all incidents to the police, who have launched a probe into the assault. Sarah added: ‘Do everything you can to protect your animals. All it takes is one sick person to hurt them. ‘Lots of animals have no reason not to trust people. ‘These people don’t care what they do to you or your animals.’ Since the attack, Sarah has asked for the name and exact location of the stables to be removed through fear of reprisals. Cambridgeshire Police said: ‘We were called on Wednesday (Feb 22) with reports of suspicious activity at an equestrian yard in [redacted]. ‘Officers attended and found a horse with injuries which are being treated as suspicious. ‘This is believed to be an isolated incident and an investigation is ongoing to determine the exact cause of the injuries. ‘Anyone with any information is urged to contact police online or via 101 quoting incident: 35/14063/23.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.