The Traitors stopped the country last year as people couldn’t get enough of the addictive reality series, and now it’s set to return. For the uninitiated, the murder mystery game challenged 22 hopefuls to a series of brutal challenges, dramatic roundtables and ‘murders’ as so-called Faithfuls tried to figure out who the Traitors were in their midst. It was a huge hit, and eventually saw Aaron Evans, Meryl Williams and Hannah Byczkowski walk away with the £120,000 winnings. Now, after months of fans waiting with bated breath to see if they might be able to see it all play out again, a second series looks set to go ahead. It is due to once again be set at the 19th century Ardross Castle, 25 miles north of Inverness, and filmed in the summer. Host Claudia Winkleman is also on board to helm the series again too, according to The Mirror. ‘These days almost every new series is a reboot of something that’s gone before,’ a source told the publication. ‘So, it’s really nice to try something fresh – and for it to do well. ‘The Traitors got everyone talking, so bringing it back was a no-brainer. Claudia was perfect.’ By the last episode, the show had pulled in 4.6 million viewers. Last month The Traitors producer Stephen Lambert has hinted that a second series could be on its way. Speaking to Ros Atkins on BBC podcast The Media Show, he said the ‘right noises’ were being made. Based on a Dutch series, De Verraders, one of the producers of the British series told Metro.co.uk they had been ‘blown away’ by the format and jumped to secure the rights for a local version. ‘It was so incredible, the setup, and as soon as we got the links to the first series we binged it ourselves, we were mega fans right from the off and we knew that there was something really special here that we could make for a UK audience,’ Sarah Fay said. ‘It’s not often a programme comes along where as producers ourselves we are genuinely fangirling about the show ourselves and so excited to make it.’ She also revealed that while Claudia initially turned down the offer to host, two days later she accepted after binging the Dutch series. The Traitors is streaming on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Back to Reality: The Traitors’ Amos Ogunkoya on depression, friendship and how he knew Wilf’s identity from the start MORE : ‘I was on The Traitors US and this is how it really compares to the UK version’ 