Brenda Edwards has marked the one-year anniversary of her son Jamal Edwards’ death with a touching tribute while Jamal’s close friend Ed Sheeran told fans he’s ‘drowning himself in rum’. Jamal died aged 31 of a heart attack after using cocaine on February 20 2022 at his Acton home. Sharing a montage on Monday, footage of Brenda, 53, on a photoshoot was woven together with images of her late son. Alongside the video, the Loose Women star wrote: ‘Self Belief is my baby Jamal’s Mantra, this post is dedicated to my baby it’s been 1 year and yet it still feels like yesterday. ‘I thank you for continuing to inspire me daily and for helping me to get my dreams together… this has been nearly two years in the making #SelfBelief #JamalEdwards #inspiration #rockwithit #comeon.’ Meanwhile, Ed, 32, shared a photo of himself and Jamal with his 42.2million Instagram followers captioned: ‘Can’t believe it’s been a year. Miss you every day, currently drowning myself in rum listening to tunes you loved.’ Speaking last month, doting mum Brenda confirmed she has ‘no strict plans’ for Jamal’s anniversary. Brenda – who is now working with Virgin Media O2 in partnership with the British Heart Foundation on a campaign which sees the rollout of defibrillators across the country and increased training in CPR – said: ‘The legacy has been going ever since Jamal passed away. ‘So, with the Jamal Edwards Self Belief Trust, we are launching an apprenticeship programme with Centre Point where we give young person an opportunity to have an apprenticeship within the digital media industry as well as accredited learning courses as well.’ Chatting exclusively to Metro.co.uk, Brenda continued: ‘I don’t think there will ever be a celebration, but I will be upholding Jamal’s legacy as long as I’ve got breath to do so. ‘I haven’t made any plans as such. I’m sure a lot of his friends will come around and see me so I’m kind of just leaving it a bit loose so that we can just do whatever we want to do, and not put too many strict plans on anything really. ‘But he’s never out of my mind and I’m never not thinking which is one of the other reasons why I’m really glad and honoured to be a part of this campaign because Jamal was all about giving back and helping others. ‘So that’s really what I want to just focus on is helping and giving back and trying to help others wherever I can. However I can.’ She added that Jamal ‘would be all over’ the campaign, saying ‘he would totally be for this’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grange Hill and Sweeney Todd actor Lee Whitlock dies aged 54 MORE : David Tennant hilariously text Ricky Wilson asking for Masked Singer spoilers 