A cocker spaniel who was written-off as ‘naughty and neurotic’ before becoming a life-saving medical protection dog is a finalist in the Hero Dog Award. Asher, 10, was rehomed multiple times by the age of three due to what owners thought was poor behaviour. But Dr Claire Guest, founder of Medical Detection Dogs, recognised Asher just needed to be kept busy and offered the dog a new home. He is now one of the top members of the Bio Detection team at the organisation, which is helping scientists and medics develop faster and cheaper ways to detect diseases. He has helped prove that dogs can detect the odour of disease, including Parkinson’s, Malaria and Covid-19. Asher is just one of five exceptional dogs which have been shortlisted for the Crufts’s Hero Dog Award. The winner will be selected by a public vote, and will be announced on March 12. Kay Burley, an ambassador of The Kennel Club Hero Dog Award, said: ‘These five special dogs are not only heroes to their owners but also to the rest of us. They make a huge difference every day by providing love, companionship and dedication, and protecting the nation and saving lives. ‘No one can deny the remarkable impact dogs have, from the joy they bring each day, to being by our side during the hardest times and showing extraordinary loyalty and bravery. ‘The Kennel Club Hero Dog Award is a celebration of this unique bond we share with dogs and their heroic feats – please vote for your four-legged hero and celebrate these five inspirational dogs.’ The award celebrates the unique relationships people have with their dogs and the important role they play in society. Dogs involved in the search and rescue mission in Turkey and Syria are also being honoured this year. The owner of the winning dog will receive £5,000 from The Kennel Club Charitable Trust for the dog charity of their choice, with the other finalists receiving a £1,000 donation to their chosen canine charity. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.