Locals in the village where Nicola Bulley disappeared have urged TikTok ‘detectives’ to leave the area. The missing mum vanished on January 27 as she walked her dog Willow. Two TikTok users have faced backlash online after they filmed themselves digging in an area near to the River Wyre, where Nicola was last seen. One was seen digging up soil while another discussed the wider mystery surrounding the disappearance. The video was uploaded this morning, by a social media user who also took viewers on a walk round the area. It comes after social media users were slammed as ‘vigilantes’ by officers. Some were believed to have tried to enter a number of derelict properties along the River Wyre, claiming police hadn’t been conducting thorough enough searches. Tonight, local council chief Michael Vincent told the Sunday Mirror: ‘It’s almost as though social media idiocy and reality have become blurred. ‘We’ve had these weirdos, these ghouls, trying people’s door handles, peering through their windows. ‘There has to be an element of decency. We can’t allow social media to be a place where there is no morality.’ One local dog walker told MailOnline: ‘This TikTok stuff is ridiculous. It’s a lot of people playing armchair detectives and speculating about things they don’t know anything about. ‘It’s not helping the police at all. These videos just attract more people who haven’t got anything to contribute but just want to be part of it. ‘It’s really disrespectful to Nicola’s family to have people who don’t know anything about it making comments and sticking their noses in.’ The furious comments come after a TikTok sleuth was fined for posting videos from the search scene. Dan Duffy, of Darwen, Lancashire, claims he was held by police for nearly a day after being arrested on Friday for a public order offence. The influencer, who posted footage of his arrest on YouTube, says he was also fined £90. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.