Love Island contestant Martin Akinola faced a shock dumping after Tanya Manhengavilla decided to re-couple with Shaq Muhammad. The couple switch-up came at the very end of Friday night’s episode which also saw drama unfold for Casey O’Gorman and Claudia Fogarty. Islanders were summoned to the firepit to face the music as new bombshells Rosie Seabrook – a 24-year-old industry placement adviser from Buckinghamshire – and 24-year-old professional rugby player Keanan Brand from Wigan, were told to take their pick. Causing ructions earlier in the day, cracks were already beginning to show for Casey and Claudia as fans watched the 26-year-old Londoner lie to the blonde beauty. Making matters worse during the re-coupling, the pair were split up with Rosie picking Casey and Keanan trying his luck with Claudia. The news came after Casey had finally admitted to the daughter of Carl Fogarty he had plans to chat with the new girl to which Claudia revealed she was not interested in being second best. Elsewhere, Jessie Wynter decided to forgive Will Young for his cheating in Casa Amor and admitted she loved the 23-year-old farmer and TikTok star. Their rift worried fans as it seemed things were going from bad to worse after the Movie Night exposed Will’s questionable behaviour. The controversial segment began during Wednesday evening’s episode and saw Will and Jessie take to the villa’s terrace for a chat, with Will saying: ‘I’m really sorry you had to see that.’ To which a conflicted Jessie replied: ‘I don’t respect the downplaying and the trying to dance around it.’ Will then told his long-term love interest: ‘It’s all in your court Jessie, only you can decide whether you want this or you’re willing to forgive me and move on.’ Things began to look up for couple after Jessie said: ‘I want to work through this.’ Another couple that patched things up during Friday’s episode following an extremely rocky road was Tanya and Shaq after Tanya returned from Casa Amor with Martin but admitted she was still in love with her former flame. Tanya proved her feelings for the 24-year-old airport security officer as she chose him over Martin in the final minutes of the show. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Marcel Somerville reveals four family members have died in three weeks MORE : Fans fume as Casey O’Gorman blatantly lies to Claudia Fogarty’s face following date with new bombshell Rosie Seabrook 