A dog owner says he will sell his house if it means he can pay for his pet’s £20,000 vet bill. Jaxon Feeley’s two-year-old Weimaraner called Rambo went into hypovolemic shock in January – a state when your body loses fluid, stopping the heart pumping enough blood. Rambo has now been in intensive care for 10 days, but her condition has only worsened since she contracted gastroenteritis, pneumonia and her lung collapsed. Sharing his dog’s plight online, the prison officer from Wigan wrote: ‘In the vet’s words, Rambo could not have been any more unlucky. The initial cause is still unknown but the position Rambo is in now has resulted in her being in intensive care under 24/7 observation. ‘The worry is that there is now a possibility an abscess has formed on Rambo’s lung which would require major surgery to remove. ‘However if it is, which is my biggest fear, the risk to her life is significant. I could never forgive myself if I couldn’t give her the best fighting chance to pull through this horrendous situation.’ Rambo first became ill on January 20, and by the next morning she was being looked at by an emergency vet. During her first week of treatment, Rambo was vomiting due to fluid going back down her lungs. This led to an infection in her lungs, which swiftly became pneumonia, with one lung collapsing. Jaxon has now launched a desperate bid to raise some cash to help his pet. He wrote: ‘Rambo is only 2 years old, she is the most beautiful, gorgeous little soul in the world and loves nothing more than her big brother Rocky, running riot at grandma and granddads and getting all warm and cosy at home whilst licking everyone’s face. ‘If the worst happens and Rambo requires major surgery, the cost of this as well as the aftercare is something I need to be able to give my little baby girl. ‘She deserves so much more of a life than what is happening to her.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.