Sam Smith was spotted in a much more pared back outfit than usual as they stepped out in New York City. The musician, 30, has made headlines multiple times in recent weeks as they ride a wave of interest from the public, thanks in part to their utterly unique new looks. Sam has just released new album Gloria – which soared straight to a number one debut in the UK charts – and has been performing viral hit Unholy at major televised events including the Grammys and Brit Awards. Their Grammy performance led to FCC complaints for ‘satanism,’ while the Brits performance was reportedly almost called off due to technical issues on-stage. However, the night still proved a massive success for Sam, with their jaw-dropping red carpet outfit making headlines across the world. Now Sam has been seen taking a much-deserved break with a stroll around the Big Apple, dressed in a way that draws far less attention. The star was spotted hanging out with friends on Valentine’s Day as they grabbed a cup of coffee to go, dressed in an all-black outfit but for brown timberland-style boots. Sam strolled casually through the streets in a black coat, jumper and jeans, paired with dark sunglasses and diamond earrings, with dark polish on their fingernails. It comes after the Stay With me star turned heads with their arrival at London’s O2 for the Brits on Saturday night, zipped up in a massive black latex outfit with stomper heels. The balloon-like get-up resembled a black high-neck catsuit and featured inflated arms and legs along with a zip running down its centre. It was later revealed by the outfit’s designer Harikrishnan Keezhathil Surendran Pilla that he had just four days to create the outfit, and praised Sam for pulling it off with aplomb. While Sam’s outfit was arguably the most talked-about moment from the awards, the night wasn’t without its hitches for the musician. It was reported by The Sun that the hitmaker was seen arguing backstage after a delay to their live show after the £500,000 set malfunctioned. A source told The Sun that Sam made a swift exit and avoided any of the show’s afterparties as a result of the mishap. ‘[Their] performance might have appeared seamless but behind-the-scenes it was a nightmare. ‘[They] were understandably furious and it was pretty tense backstage,’ they said. Metro.co.uk previously contacted Sam’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Smith in ‘chaotic’ backstage row before Brit Awards performance on ‘£500,000 set’ MORE : Sam Smith’s designer answers your burning questions about that iconic latex outfit – and it only took four days to make 