Cruz Beckham turned 18 on Monday and was quick to tuck into a nice cold pint. The budding singer, who is the youngest son of Victoria and David Beckham, posted a snap of himself sipping on a brew to mark the occasion. Sitting in a pub with his dad and older brother Romeo, Cruz wrote on Instagram: ‘Feels good to be 18.’ His fashion designer mum, 48, and footballer dad, 47, also dedicated sweet social media tributes to Cruz. Former Spice Girl Victoria penned: ‘Happy Birthday Cruzie!! We all love you so much and are so proud of the incredible young man you have become. ‘You are our everything. Happy 18th superstar.’ In his own post, David added: ‘Happy 18th Birthday to our baby boy, to the most amazing boy with the most amazing energy and the biggest heart x we are so proud of you and we love you so much Cruzie.’ Cruz’s older brothers Brooklyn and Romeo also marked their sibling’s milestone birthday. Brooklyn, who lives across the pond with his wife Nicola Peltz, wrote: ‘Happy 18th birthday lil bro x finally old enough to have a pint of Guinness together, love you.’ Meanwhile, Romeo, who is a footballer like his famous dad, added: ‘Happy 18th lil bro love you lots.’ Cruz had a blow-out run-up to his 18th birthday, with the teenager having spent the week prior in the snowy French Alps with his parents and little sister Harper. The family shared plenty of fun snaps of their skiing holiday and their wintery mini-break came just weeks after news of a potential Spice Girls reunion broke in the run-up to King Charles’ coronation in May. A source explained to The Sun: ‘Royal organisers are super keen to secure Britain’s biggest girl band and the Spice Girls are seriously pondering a return to the stage as a five piece for such a historical event. ‘Certainly the reality is that the Coronation is as special as The Olympics – a one off celebration and unique performance.’ Metro.co.uk contacted Victoria’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Emma Thompson ‘allergic to the Oscars’ after falling ‘seriously ill’ following her two wins MORE : Ed Sheeran launches hot sauce range and the name deserves an award of its own 