Blackadder is one of Britain’s most beloved comedies, having first premiered all the way back in 1983. It’s now been confirmed that the sitcom is set to make an epic return for a Comic Relief 2023 special, and we can’t wait to see what co-creator Richard Curtis is cooking up. While chatting to Gary Davies on BBC’s Radio 2 Breakfast about the upcoming Red Nose Day for Comic Relief, the host asked his guest: ‘What’s happening on the telly show? You were telling me something about Blackadder?’ Richard then replied: ‘God I’m really nervous about saying this but…,’ before divulging some exciting news. ‘I think for the first time in 20 years, Baldrick is going to be giving some kind of performance. We’re just conspiring about it now, so I think there is going to be a marvellous, turnip-based thing with Tony Robinson now back in action, so I’m kind of excited about that,’ he shared. He was then asked if Rowan Atkinson, who co-created Blackadder with him, would also be making a comeback. ‘No, Rowan’s far too serious to do any of that,’ he added with a laugh. Blackadder originally aired from 1983 to 1989, with all of the episodes starring Rowan as the titular Edmund Blackadder and Tony Robinson as his dogsbody, Baldrick. The show also starred actors including Tim McInnerny, Miranda Richardson,. Stephen Fry and Hugh Laurie, and ran for 24 episodes, including three specials. The most recent Blackadder special aired in 1999, while in 2020, Stephen reprised his role as Lord Melchett for Children in Need and Comic Relief’s joint special The Big Night In, which aired in support of those affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. Blackadder isn’t the only classic British show as of late that’s been announced for a mega return. Last week, it was revealed that John Cleese would be rebooting Fawlty Towers with his daughter, Camilla Cleese. There’s been some concern among fans over the prospect of the revival, with some fearing that it’s a ‘car crash waiting to happen’. The lead actor, who’s set to launch his own programme on GB News in the near future, revealed that it won’t be returning to BBC, adding that it won’t be an ‘anti-woke nightmare’. Blackadder is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : John Cleese reveals Fawlty Towers revival won’t be on the BBC and won’t be ‘anti-woke nightmare’ MORE : Jimmy Carr dishes out advice for John Cleese ahead of Fawlty Towers reboot after fans of sitcom voice concerns