Spending energy on making one idea a success is advised for many signs today. Aries is looking for a plan that will take them in a new direction, while Gemini is ready to give up their all for an opportunity that excites them. Virgo could do well to get in touch with people who will inspire them to try new things, while Libra could enjoy the company of someone from their past. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 22, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 There’s a scintillating quality in the air, so you may be eager to learn new things, whether local news, gossip or a secret or two. There are many possibilities open to you, but you’ll be looking for something that can take you in a new direction. While other factors might encourage you to be sensible, your instinct is to aim high and open yourself up to bigger and better opportunities. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You’re in a creative phase. The current Mercury/Mars tie can add to this, inspiring you to put your time and resources into options that will bring in more money. You may be guided by a coincidence or an intuitive nudge to try something different, and it might work out better than you imagined. Don’t chop and change, Taurus. For best results, pick one idea and stick with it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 With Mars in your sign for a while now, you’ve uncovered and discovered many things. Your restless qualities keep you on your toes, especially with Mercury your guide planet in the mix. New people, ideas and opportunities will capture your attention, and you’ll want to follow them up, Gemini. One lively opportunity could be very worthwhile, if you’re ready to give it your all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Need something to help you accomplish a goal or ambition? If things have been sluggish lately, then you’ll appreciate today’s sparkling blend of energies that could galvanize you into action. This prompt may show up as a gut instinct, vivid dream or a synchronous event. Something will capture your attention Cancer, and by following through you’ll be on the golden road to success. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Your feet may have barely touched the ground since fiery Mars has been in quicksilver Gemini. If so, this phase will continue for a while longer. And you’ll be ready to journey far, with both charming Venus and jubilant Jupiter putting you in touch with opportunities that could be everything you’ve hoped for. This is your chance to make the most of the buoyant times ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 If you’ve kept to the same routine for some time now, this is an opportunity to let the winds of fate blow where they will. Various energies can inspire you to think out of the box and be curious about new ideas. This is one of the best times for networking, socializing and reaching out to those who are live wires, and who might encourage you to loosen up and try new things. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You’ll be flying high, Libra. A sizzling focus on your sector of far horizons, encourages a leap into the unknown. And it looks like you won’t be doing this alone. You’ll enjoy the company of someone on your wavelength who will make a great companion on your adventure. It might even be someone from the past who reappears at just the right moment. Don’t miss this opportunity. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 There’s a way you can increase your income, and it comes from thinking outside the box and making use of your talents. If you have skills that are languishing but that could be used to enhance your security, a fortuitous blend of energies encourages you to do something about this. Inspiration or an offer that you can’t resist might also show up, so be ready to take a chance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You’re one sign that finds it easier to live for the day, and make the most of every experience. The current line-up might take this one step further, as you’ll think nothing of getting involved in grand adventures that take you way out of your comfort zone. While the Sun in a private zone can incline you to dream, you won’t want to rest for too long if you can try something new. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 It’s time to delve into the potential associated with new ideas and opportunities, rather than stick with the old ways. Something you’ve been working hard at could begin to show promise, even if it’s been a long time coming and involved a few challenges. New developments may also emerge that hint at the prospect of future growth. Keep going, don’t stop now, Capricorn! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Even if you do find yourself temporarily stuck due to Mercury’s angle with Uranus, the coming days can lift you up and give you a fresh perspective, Aquarius. There may be some things you can’t change, but there is plenty you can do to make life sizzle again. One of these might involve collaborating with someone on an idea that could take things to the next level, and very soon. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If you’re sorting out your home, this might mean making purchases that will help you get things in order. As Mercury aligns with Mars, this is a good time to declutter and to be quite ruthless about getting rid of old junk. Fresh and revitalizing energies will flow through your property, and whatever you buy will then reflect your imaginative ideas and future intentions, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 19 to February 25 MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care MORE : Venus in Aries makes for drama in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope