We all love a full English fry-up – but one man loves it so much, he went to extreme lengths to find a smashing deal. Ben Matthew Saunders flew from Manchester to Magaluf and ate a double full English fry-up at the holiday resort all for just £14.45. This is only £1.95 more expensive than the average price of the standard English fry-up in the UK. The 22-year-old boarded the £10 flight on January 28 before hopping on a free bus to a local cafe in Magaluf to gobble down on the £4.45 (€5) grub. A morning meal at The Breakfast Club in London would set you back £18. Ben spent just over £30 in total over the entire day, which is still cheaper than a full English at the Oval Restaurant, London, priced at £34. He said: ‘I was thinking about how everything is going in the UK with the cost of living crisis and wanted to see how far I could make my money go. ‘I also wanted to show others how they could save money by thinking outside of the box.’ His massive brekkie included two sausages, two rashes of bacon, beans, chips, mushrooms, tomatoes, two hash browns and a coffee. He also paid £4 for a train from Preston to Manchester Airport and £12 for a return flight on the same day. This meant his total cost for the trip was only £30.45 –  still cheaper than the most expensive full English breakfast at the Oval Restaurant. He added: ‘I didn’t tally up the full costs as I wanted to factor in the flights and the food. ‘I have a railcard so I saved money on the train and it was still so cheap and I went to another country. ‘The total cost is still cheaper than some breakfasts in the UK and it shows people they can save money if they’re more creative. ‘Even if that means your local store is a Waitrose and you get a bus and go further afield to Aldi it can save you £30, that sort of thing. ‘I’m not encouraging everyone to go to Spain for breakfast.’ Another bloke recently flew to Milan for a pizza which was cheaper than Domino’s. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.