Manchester United won their first trophy in nearly six years with a 2-0 win over Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. A header from Casemiro and an own-goal from Sven Botman gave United the lead in the first-half and from there Newcastle were unable to break their opponents down. It is the Red Devils’ first trophy since the Europa League triumph in 2017 under Jose Mourinho and the first of the Erik ten Hag era since the Dutch manager’s arrival at Old Trafford last summer. The match at Wembley began with plenty of energy from both sides as both Ten Hag and Eddie Howe unsurprisingly selected attacking line-ups. It wasn’t until just after the half-hour mark when we had the first real chance of the game, when David de Gea produced a fine save to deny Allan Saint-Maximin from close range following some fancy footwork from the Magpies winger. But just minutes later, Casemiro broke the deadlock, powering in a header from Luke Shaw’s sumptuous free-kick and though there was a VAR check for offside, replays showed the defensive midfielder had timed his run perfectly. Just six minutes later, United sealed the cup, when Marcus Rashford slipped into the box and mis hit a shot which cruelly deflected off Botman and beyond the reach of Loris Karius. Newcastle stayed in the game however and ought to have pulled a goal back just before the break but Dan Burn’s close range header from a corner went agonisingly wide. In the second-half, the Magpies, themselves hoping to win their first piece of silverware since 1955, dominated possession but were unable to break down a rigid United defence. Joelinton and Bruno Guimaraes had shots deflected while Jacob Murphy saw a long-range effort just go wide of the post late on. Meanwhile the Red Devils looked to counter at every opportunity, with Wout Weghorst and Bruno Fernandes coming closest to adding a third goal only to be denied by keeper Karius. Tensions threatened to boil over several times during the match with referee David Coote showing seven yellow cards in total. This is United’s sixth League Cup triumph in their history, making them the third most successful club in the competition behind Liverpool (nine) and Manchester City (eight). MORE : ‘Not good enough!’ – Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink slams Chelsea after defeat at Tottenham MORE : David Moyes joins Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger in reaching Premier League milestone For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 