I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! winner Carl Fogarty’s daughter Claudia is set to shake things up in the Love Island villa, according to reports. Claudia – who’s famous father was crowned King of the jungle in 2014 –  could be making her reality TV debut on the ITV2 dating show. The Storm Fashion boutique owner boasts nearly 20,000 followers on Instagram, and she previously engaged to TV personality Jake Quickenden, but they split seven months after he popped the question. An insider shared that Claudia will be strutting into the South Africa villa  ‘imminently.’ ‘She’s classy, beautiful and well educated and is set to have all the boys fighting over her,’ they added, Although the show is known for displaying risque antics, The Sun claims that Cluadia’s promised not to be too raunchy out of respect for her dad Carl. This year’s contestants have been living it up in Cape Town for three weeks and we’ve been supplied with plenty of drama. In Friday’s instalment, fans saw Olivia Hawkins (finally) move on from Tom Clare and set her sights on Kai Fagan. In the latest episode, teacher Kai, Australian bombshell Aaron Waters and newcomer Spencer Wilks were left with the fewest votes, and are now vulnerable to being booted out of the villa. But the decision of who stays isn’t down to the public, as the boys’ fate are in the girls hands. But, we’ll have to wait a while to find out which two boys will be leaving the villa. Metro.co.uk has reached out to ITV for comment. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on iTV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Owen Warner explains why he refuses to watch ex Lana Jenkins on Love Island – and it’s pretty similar to her reasoning for skipping I’m A Celebrity MORE : Ulrika Jonsson defends Molly-Mae Hague after Love Island star splashes out on £5,000 cot for baby Bambi 