It’s hard not to think of shopping in Central London without thinking of Oxford Street. It’s home to some of the UK’s biggest retail stores, including several flagships from the likes of Zara, John Lewis and Adidas. Yes, it’s one of the capital’s most famous roads – but it’s also one of the most chaotic. This has prompted Reddit to ask Londoners what might make it better. User trysca began the thread by stating: ‘Oxford Street should have a free tram that loops endlessly.’ Responses came in thick and fast and unsurprisingly, many residents of the capital offered up transport solutions. There were quite a few in agreement with the idea of trams or alternative ideas for getting about. One person said: ‘Trams are better for integrating with pedestrians than road vehicles. They’re much more predictable, and people avoid the tracks. It works well in Amsterdam, Croydon, Manchester, Milan etc.’ Another agreed: ‘Went to Australia recently and Melbourne and Adelaide both have free tram loops. Works well.’ ‘Central London should just have trams full stop,’ someone else weighed in. Of course, there were some whackier ideas on the transport front too: ‘Both pavements should be conveyor belts moving in opposite directions with a giant set of rotating knives moving up and down the road like Manic Miner.’ Someone else joked: ‘How about we put the buildings on a big conveyer belt and just have people sit on comfy benches until they see something they like a in a window.’ Others thought getting rid of cars altogether might be the answer, citing similar schemes in Soho. A Londoner noted: ‘On Oxford Street cars go much quicker than public transport, even if they’re still going slower. ‘Get rid of the cars and then the public is safer – tram, bus, any public transport drivers are not in a rush to get anywhere unlike car drivers.’ Another agreed more pedestrianisation would be a great idea: ‘Just make is vehicle free from 7am to 8pm.’ A third added: ‘Should just be vehicle free over certain hours. Same as Soho.’ Other suggestions included slower walking lanes, getting rid of rickshaw rides and even a giant waterslide down the street. We’re not sure that one will ever end up happening, unfortunately. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.