Adele has fuelled rumours once again that she is engaged to partner Rich Paul after eagle-eyed fans spot a massive diamond on her ring finger during her latest show in Las Vegas. The 34-year-old singer and sports agent Rich, 41, went public with their relationship two years ago and are speculated to be getting married this summer. News of potential nuptials surfaced on a popular online gossip website and was reported offered by a ‘very reliable source’. Adele’s jewellery choice made its way on to Deux Moi and became the subject of marriage rumours as fans awed over her sparkling bling (which, should it be what we think it is, seems to be right on trend, when it comes to engagement rings). The post uploaded to Instagram featured an image of the couple and read: ‘Per my very reliable sources, I can confirm that yes, Adele and Rich Paul are planning a summer wedding.’ Despite its resurgence, the ring has been seen before as the hitmaker first sparked engagement whispers after she debuted it at the Brit awards in February 2022. At the time many believed it was the Easy On Me artist’s way of subtly hinting at a union between the pair but they have never officially confirmed it to be true. Adele’s last public appearance with her beau was at the Super Bowl earlier this month as they were pictured sitting in the stands together watching the game in Arizona. Before making their pitch-side presence known, Rich escorted Adele to the Grammys where they put on a loved-up display on the red carpet. In December, fans watched on as the star dedicated one of her songs to her rumoured fiancé during her Vegas residency show. The singer paused her performance to sing happy birthday to Rich, adding: ‘And I love him more than life itself, so can we wish him happy birthday? His name’s Rich!’ Adele further fawned over her lover during an interview with Elle magazine in August when she said: ‘I’ve never been in love like this. I’m obsessed with him. I definitely want more kids. ‘I’m a homemaker and I’m a matriarch, and a stable life helps me with my music but right now, all I got in my brain is Vegas. I wanna f**king nail it.’ Metro.co.uk contacted Adele’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele playing Vegas shows through chronic pain as she reveals disc in back has ‘worn away’ MORE : Adele reveals what she really said about Rihanna during Super Bowl after clip goes viral 