The New Moon could be a time for everyone to zoom out and take a look to the future and at the bigger picture. It might inspire Aries to start meditating, or to write down dreams to relax and get a sense of what’s best for them. For Gemini, it could be a call to align themselves with their biggest and best intentions, and to get in touch with what they most want to be known for. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 19, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Need to spend more time reflecting and getting your bearings? The New Moon in a private sector might inspire you to start meditating, or to write down your dreams so you can relax and get a sense of what’s best for you. Plus, Venus’s move into your sign encourages you to stand out from the crowd and showcase your abilities. You’ll also have the attractor factor in spades, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 It’s a good time for teamwork and plans that involve groups, clubs or your local community. If you’re offered the chance to take part, you’ll enjoy every moment. The New Moon in your social zone, could also be your cue to move in other circles, and the people you meet may have a positive influence on you. A caring vibe suggests others may come to you for assistance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Today’s New Moon occurs in the top-spot of your chart, and is a call to align yourself with your biggest and best intentions. What do you most want to be known for? Whatever it is, make a start on it now, even if it takes a while to get there. This lunar phase encourages you not to delay your dreams any longer. Plus, as Venus sashays into your social sector, it’s time to enjoy yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You’ll respond positively to today’s New Moon, as it encourages you to look to the bigger picture and take a risk. It doesn’t have to be anything major. Even promoting your skills can be daunting, but doing so will bring rewards. The key to success is stretching yourself, even if you face challenges and learning curves, Cancer. A little discomfort might bring huge dividends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 As Venus dances into Aries and your sector of adventure from today, the coming weeks can find you eager for more. Your appetite for life will increase, and you’ll be keen to dive into new experiences that might alter your mindset and perspective. Does your partnership need a little extra sparkle? Getting away from it all for a few hours, days or weeks could make a difference. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The New Moon in your sector of relating encourages you to think in terms of “we” instead of “me”, and to work together and co-operate rather than go solo. This is an opportunity to put time and energy into key relationships, whether social, business or romantic, and watch them blossom. Mind, as Venus glides into Aries, your feelings might become more intense, so be ready! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 As Venus your personal planet eases into dynamic Aries, you’ll be fiery and determined when it comes to liaising with others. While you’re always willing to co-operate, you’ll also be ready to share your views, even if they’re a tad controversial. This zesty influence can spice up your love life, whatever your relationship status. Looking for romance? It’s a good time to start dating. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Today’s New Moon in a dynamic sector of your chart is perfect for creative, entrepreneurial and romantic plans. Whatever you want to begin, do it now. This is an opportunity to take a budding relationship to the next level, or get cracking on an idea you’ve been dreaming up. You’ll have the help of the moon tide to give your ideas momentum, you only need to make a start, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 As Venus races into Aries and your leisure zone from today, it’s time to enjoy yourself, especially when it comes to romance. The more adventurous you and your partner are, the more the natural passion will emerge in your relationship. A friendship could also get off to a great start. Plus, the New Moon in Pisces is great for initiating any home-based projects, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The New Moon in Pisces is perfect for getting in touch with family, friends and those who are on your wavelength. You’ll be very receptive to others and aware if they need a shoulder to cry on, or a dose of your practical advice to help them out of a scrape. Keen to get moving with an Internet business or enhance the one you have? Putting the effort in now will bring results. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 In the mood to earn more money? The Pisces New Moon encourages you to use your imagination to help you enhance your income. Do you have skills that could be used to earn extra cash? By thinking out of the box, you’ll come up with ideas that could work out well if you make a start soon. Need to change your financial habits? Now is a great time, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Are you ready for a fresh start, Pisces? The New Moon in your sign encourages your creative, pioneering and imaginative qualities out into the open. It’s time to take one of your dreams more seriously and make it a reality. And with bubbly Venus moving into your money zone, you may be motivated to use your initiative for a bold idea that could be lucrative if you stick with it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 12 to February 18 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care