Chloe Lattanzi shared some heartbreaking words about her late mum, Olivia Newton-John, at the Grease star’s state memorial on Sunday. Chloe, 37, was joined at the star-studded celebration of Olivia’s life by the likes of Dannii Minogue, Premier Daniel Andrews, Paul Hogan and Delta Goodrem, who also offered up some touching words about Olivia. The music icon and actress died in August at the age of 73 in her adopted home of California after a long battle with cancer. Speaking at Hamer Hall in Melbourne over the weekend, Chloe, who was Olivia’s only child, confessed she ‘feels like a little girl lost without her mother’. She added in part: ‘I stand here before you so desperately wanting to feel strong and confident and speak eloquently, but the truth is I feel like a little girl lost without her mother. ‘She was my safe space, my guide, my biggest fan and the earth beneath my feet. I know she is here standing beside me and within me. I can hear her voice.’ According to MailOnline, Chloe continued: ‘I love laughing with my mum. We shared the same cackle. She didn’t tell dirty jokes but she laughed the hardest at them. My mum could find the beauty in everything.’ Meanwhile, singer Delta, 38, described late icon Olivia as ‘a light for all of the industry’. Around 2,300 people are thought to have attended the service, which was opened with a rendition of Olivia’s famous song, Grace and Gratitude. Speaking about the moment he met his late wife, Olivia’s husband John Easterling said: ‘I met Olivia through my friends Jim and Nancy about 30 years ago. And I remember she came to a presentation I was doing in Malibu. ‘Afterwards we talked for a while about rainforest ecology and national plants and medicines and recognised there was a lot of commonality in our thoughts and philosophies. ‘The day got late and she asked me to stay overnight in the guesthouse and I did.’ After Olivia’s death, there was a massive outpouring of love from across the world as the news broke, particularly from her Grease co-stars and in her native Australia. Victoria Premier Daniel Andrews suggested at the time that there could be a state funeral or memorial for the actor, who died of stage four breast cancer, saying they would ‘speak to the family and be as respectful as we can’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Matt Hancock sets up TV company after raking in £320,000 from I’m A Celebrity appearance MORE : Rachel Stevens finally addresses split from husband at length and speaks frankly about dating someone new 