Today sees a collision of planets with the Moon aligning with Neptune, and Saturn and Pluto being put into the mix. For Taurus, with Saturn and Pluto in the mix, you may need to be realistic about the issues you face. Having a can-do approach could also help you succeed. Meanwhile for Leo, as the Moon in Scorpio aligns with aquatic Neptune in your sector of secrets, look into the details, as someone may be keeping something from you. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 13, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 The Moon in Scorpio aligns with Neptune, so this may be a day when secrets are shared either on purpose or by accident. You might even pick them up on the airwaves, as this blend of energies makes us very sensitive to such things. Plus, the Quarter Moon encourages you to be open with a friend if you need help. Their perspective could change everything. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 If you want someone’s support, then you’ll need to work at it, as they aren’t going to be easily persuaded. Today’s lunar phase can make it easier to capture their attention, and if you appeal to their emotions, you have a chance. With Saturn and Pluto in the mix, you’ll need to be realistic about the issues you face. Having a can-do approach will also help you succeed. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may have lots on your plate, but your attention could be drawn to something elsewhere that captures your interest. Before you get excited about a new project, relationship or opportunity, finish what you’re doing. It may be a drag, but today’s Quarter Moon will assist you in tying up loose ends and completing tasks. You’ll then have time for exciting options. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With a Quarter Moon in your romance sector, you may be ready to call time on a relationship that is going nowhere. It’s also possible you’re about to take a bond to a new level of commitment, and are thinking deeply about what this might entail. Either way, a relationship may go through a shift today, and it might be from relaxed to focused and much more serious. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 If someone tries to convince you of something, you don’t have to buy into it if their idea sounds dodgy. As the Moon in Scorpio aligns with aquatic Neptune in your sector of secrets, look into the details, as they may be keeping something from you. Trust your gut, as a lunar phase suggests you may need to question key points, especially if they don’t add up, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The opportunity to get what you want, may be directly linked to your ability to tell others what you need. And with a potent lunar link in your sector of communication, being honest about this will make it easier in the future. There’s no need to be so hard on yourself. Reached a milestone concerning a bold plan? Keep at it. It will go from strength to strength. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Have you held back from sharing creative talents? Today’s Quarter Moon in your skills zone, suggests it’s time to be more assertive and to allow yourself the chance to showcase your abilities. You never know what might come of it. Having Saturn in your sector of self-expression may have caused you to dread others’ criticisms. Just let go, and go with the flow. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The Sun/Moon angle is an opportunity to stop what you’re doing and get your bearings. If a domestic project is almost finished, you’ll want it to be as successful as possible. Pausing now can help you to take stock and make sure that everything is on track, so you can enjoy the fruits of your efforts. Delayed finishing something? Do it today and you can relax, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Head and heart may seem to be in conflict, but are they? Sometimes the only way to know what to do about a situation, is to apply logic and listen to your feelings. What you need is a balanced perspective, as it will allow you to make the best decision. Keen to reach an agreement on the end phase of a key project? It’s time to finalize the details and complete it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 As the Moon aligns with Neptune, someone might appreciate you taking the time to listen, especially if they’re worried or anxious. The words you speak can help dispel confusion, enabling them to know what to do next. You could find yourself at a crossroad too, regarding a membership or other big expense? If it’s too costly, there may be better options. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 With a Quarter Moon in a prominent zone a personal plan may reach a turning point, and the coming days could coincide with a time of change. Use this lunar phase to tie up loose ends and complete current projects, so you can start on something that promises to be very exciting. It could turn out to be very lucrative too, and far more than you originally imagined. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Are your beliefs letting you down? Today’s lunar phase suggests it’s time to let them go. You’re ready to embrace more life-enhancing options that will push you out of your comfort zone and inspire you to engage with new possibilities. Plus, a chat with someone who has just returned from their travels could be the encouragement you need to get away for a break. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 5 to February 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Venus in Pisces urges you to be wise in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope