Jeremy Clarkson cracked a smile as he headed into the Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? studios after a probe was launched into his hateful column about Meghan Markle. The Clarkson’s Farm star, 62, looked a little dishellved as arrived at the ITV column, sporting longer locks and a crumpled checked shirt. The former Top Gear presenter, who was also wearing blue jeans and a navy cardigan, was clutching a newspaper and a brown bag as he grinned at onlookers. Clarkson’s outing comes a day after the Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso) confirmed they would be investigating his The Sun piece about the Duchess of Sussex. The column, in which the broadcaster said he dreamed of Markle being paraded through British towns and publicly shamed, became Ipso’s most complained-about article after its publication, receiving more than 25,100 complaints. Following his vile comments, Variety reported that Amazon, the home of Clarkson’s Farm and The Grand Tour, had decided to ‘cut ties’ with Clarkson. However, while the head of ITV Carlyn McCall stressed that Clarkson’s views were ‘in no way endorsed’ by the broadcaster, it was confirmed in January he would be fronting the gameshow despite the backlash. Clarkson later apologised for the piece, describing his language as ‘disgraceful’ and said he was ‘profoundly sorry’. The Sun also apologised and said it regretted the publication of the column, which was removed online. The Duke of Sussex branded the article about his wife ‘horrific, hurtful and cruel’ during an interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby to discuss his autobiography Spare. He added that what Clarkson had written would encourage people around the world to believe it is an acceptable way to treat women. The pair first responded to Clarkson’s apology in a statement – and it did not go down well – with Prince Harry and Markle branding it ‘nothing more than a PR stunt’. A spokesperson for them both said: ‘The fact that the Sun has not contacted The Duchess of Sussex to apologise shows their intent. This is nothing more than a PR stunt. ‘While the public absolutely deserves the publication’s regrets for their dangerous comments, we wouldn’t be in this situation if The Sun did not continue to profit off of and exploit hate, violence and misogyny. ‘A true apology would be a shift in their coverage and ethical standards for all. Unfortunately, we’re not holding our breath.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson takes swipe at James May for supporting ‘leftie’ speed limits MORE : Jeremy Clarkson admits people couldn’t get Covid vaccines because of traffic caused by his farm 