Richard Gere has ‘mostly recovered’ from his battle with pneumonia, alongside his wife and family, she has revealed. The 73-year-old actor was hospitalised earlier this month after being stricken down with the illness while on a family holiday in Mexico to celebrate his wife Alejandra Silva’s 40th birthday. He is believed to have recovered enough after just one night of hospital treatment to be discharged the next day with a round of antibiotics. In a recent update on Instagram with photos from her special day, Alejandra wrote: ‘What an amazing birthday! Thank you all my friends and family for make [sic] it so special!’ She then added: ‘Ps: as you can see we are all mostly recovered.. [sic]’ The photos from their trip included one of her and the Pretty Woman actor laughing as they enjoyed dinner with  big group and Alejandra was presented with a cake bedecked with an impressive sparkler. She also shared a sweet snap taken from behind of her and her husband enjoying a cuddle, as Richard wrapped his arm around her. In a previous post, Alejandra – who has sons Alexander, four, and James, two, with her husband – revealed ‘the worst’ had already passed for Richard, while she and their boys had also been ill. Alejandra had previously said the entire family had come down with an illness – though at the time it was unclear whether it was the same as what Richard was suffering from – and now says they have all pretty much recovered. ‘Richard is feeling much better, we are all feeling much better, “almost” back to normal,’ she wrote, thanking the doctors and hospital staff who had treated them. She revealed the entire family had arrived in Mexico sick, and both Richard and his two-year-old son James had contracted pneumonia, while Alejandra and four-year-old Alexander suffered from sinusitis and ear infections. The publicist and activist also shared an old photo of the Hollywood star Richard taken in his younger days, of him posing shirtless in tight jeans, and jokingly wrote: ‘Richard wanted me to post this second photo to show you that he is feeling much better.’ Richard married Alejandra in April 2018 in an Indian-inspired wedding on the actor’s ranch in upstate New York. The two met when Richard stayed at one of the hotels owned by Alejandra’s family in Positano, Italy in 2014. Since then, they’ve maintained a private life and only revealed the name of their youngest child, James, in the most recent Instagram post. Richard  was previously married to supermodel Cindy Crawford, 56, and actress Carey Lowell, 62. He shares a 22-year-old son with Carey, while Alejandra has son Albert, nine, from a previous marriage. The actor told Spanish magazine HOLA! about settling down for the third time a she tied the knot: ‘I have found the quiet and happy life that I have always sought.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dave Grohl feeds 450 homeless people after cooking barbecue feast for 16 hours straight in support of non-profit MORE : Dan Walker’s face ‘coming on nicely’ as he reveals huge transformation after bloody injuries  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 