Conservationists on the Isle of Wight have tracked a rare sea eagle on its incredible 10,000 mile journey around Europe. The rare animal is a participant in an ongoing conservation project aiming to encourage more birds of its kind to settle on the Isle of Wight. The young eagle was tracked for two years with a GPS device and followed from the UK to France, the Netherlands, Denmark and Sweden. All birds involved in the project are fitted with the trackers – which allow their flightpaths to be monitored – and some have made journeys of nearly 7,000 miles in the past. But Tim Mackrill, who works at the wildlife foundation, said the two-year-old sea eagle is the first bird he’s monitored to cross the Channel and go into mainland Europe. He said: ‘We’ve found out that for the first two years of their lives, the eagles are very nomadic. ‘We’ve had some birds that have flown from the Isle of Wight right to the north coast of Scotland. ‘But then we’ve had this one, which is the first one to cross the English Channel, who flew through a lot of Western Europe. ‘It went through France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, Denmark and then it even went all the way up to Sweden last spring. ‘But because it was released on the Isle of Wight, it basically regards it as its home now so as it’s getting older and it’s thinking about breeding, it’s coming back to England.’ The sea eagle was found to have lost one of its feet in December 2021, yet incredibly continued to fly around Europe for another year. Tim said this ‘wouldn’t be easy for sure. ‘An eagle’s food is naturally fish because they can catch it, so there is a possibility that he’s able to catch fish with just one foot. ‘They basically grab the fish from the surface of the water with their feet so I suppose he’s learnt to adapt. ‘We think he is still catching prey in that way and they catch other food such as water birds and rabbits so it’s probable that he is catching live pray. ‘White-tail eagles are also scavengers so they might feed on dead animal carcass and bird carcass so it could be a combination of the two things basically. ‘The fact he has been alive for a year means that he has learnt to adapt.’ The sea eagle (also known as the white-tailed eagle) is the largest bird of prey found in the UK. Conservationists are working on the bird’s widespread reintroduction after the species was driven towards extinction by pesticide use and persecution. MORE : BBC cancels popular wildlife show Autumnwatch after 17 years MORE : Bird charity banned from Twitter for repeatedly posting woodcock photos