Red Bull have launched the RB19, the car they hope can defend Max Verstappen’s Formula 1 title, at a flashy launch show in New York on Friday. They are the first team to reveal their 2023 challenger, after Haas unveiled the livery for the VF-23 last Monday. In 2022, Red Bull won their first constructors’ title since 2013, ending Mercedes’ eight-year run as the best team in F1. Verstappen won his second title, claiming a record-breaking 15 wins in a single season, while Sergio Perez finished a personal best of third in the standings, taking victory at Monaco and Singapore. Their season was not without controversy however, most notably when the team were penalised for breaking the cost-cap for 2021, something that will impact their development of the RB19. ‘We go from being the hunter to the hunted now. That is added motivation,’ team principal Christian Horner said. ‘It is going to be an incredible season, our rivals for sure haven’t stood still. We are going to have to be at the top of our game. ‘Ferrari are going to be competitive, Mercedes are going to be there, there are some other teams that could make some big progress as well.’ The livery of the RB19 was predictably almost identical to every previous Red Bull car, but it was revealed that fans would have the chance to design the look of the car for the three US-based races in 2023. Verstappen commented: This is the first time I’ve seen the car! I think our livery has been pretty similar for a couple of years now but I’ve always found it a cool looking car. ‘We’ve had a lot of success with it so we don’t need to change it up a lot!’ In addition to the car launch, it was also announced that Ford would be returning to the sport in 2026 as an engine supplier, agreeing a new partnership with Red Bull. Ford last competed in F1 back in 2004 as the owners of the Jaguar team which ironically was sold to Red Bull the following year. ‘This is the start of a thrilling new chapter in Ford’s motorsports story that began when my great-grandfather won a race that helped launch our company,’ executive chair Bill Ford said. ‘Ford is returning to the pinnacle of the sport, bringing Ford’s long tradition of innovation, sustainability and electrification to one of the world’s most visible stages.’ On Monday, Williams will become the next team to launch their new car, with the 2023 season set to get underway on March 5th in Bahrain. MORE : Valtteri Bottas speaks out on FIA banning F1 drivers from making ‘political statements’ MORE : Haas reveal first Formula 1 livery of 2023 – and it’s a thing of beauty For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 