A pair of brothers who raided a jewellery store in pensioner masks have been jailed for 31 years. George Murphy-Bristow, 28, and Benjamin Murphy, 37, were nabbed after police found the two masks in the boot of their car – with traces of their saliva inside. On the morning of September 27 2021, the two men had arrived at the door of a jewellery store on the high street of Epping in Essex and threatened staff to let them in. Both were wearing full-face masks to give them the appearance of balding older men, and blue surgical masks over their mouths. Brandishing a knife and a hatchet axe, they led a staff member to the shop’s office and tied them to a chair before taking a Rolex watch worth around £15,000 from their wrist. As they were searching through the staff area, the alarm was raised and the duo fled the scene, jumping into a car that was parked outside. They were on the run for several weeks, before officers from the Op Falcon team on patrol in Canvey Island, south Essex, stopped a vehicle. George Murphy-Bristow was driving, and a search of the car brought up the two masks, clothing identical to that worn by the suspects in the robbery, and a black duffel bag containing a hatchet, knife and cable ties. Forensic examination of the saliva inside the masks matched the brothers’ DNA, and both were arrested last year. Both men were charged with robbery and possession of a bladed article and were remanded in custody. The duo denied their part in the crime when they first appeared at Southend-on-Sea Magistrates’ Court on June 22 2021, but after a three-day trial at Basildon Crown Court, jurors took just over an hour to find them guilty. George Murphy-Bristow was convicted of robbery, two counts of possession of a bladed article, and going equipped for theft, and was sentenced to 13 years in prison. His older brother Ben was found guilty of robbery and two counts of possession of a bladed article, and received a sentence of 18 years. The watch has still not been recovered. Detective Inspector Yoni Adler, who led the investigation, said: ‘I want to thank the store’s staff for supporting our investigation following an undoubtedly frightening incident, but I hope that they can now move on.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.