Gillian Anderson will star as Emily Maitlis in a star-studded drama surrounding the notorious Prince Andrew interview on BBC Newsnight. The upcoming Netflix show will be adapted from former Newsnight producer Sam McAlister’s memoir Scoops: The BBC’s Most Shocking Interviews From Prince Andrew To Steven Seagal. Prince Andrew will be played by Man In The High Castle’s Rufus Sewell while Billie Piper and Keeley Hawes will also star. Netflix said it will look at ‘navigating Palace vetoes, to breaking through to Prince Andrew’s inner circle, the high-stakes negotiations and intensity of rehearsal – to the jaw-dropping interview itself’. The streaming giant added the film will also highlight ‘the journalists whose tenacity and guts broke through the highest of ceilings’. ‘It is beyond my wildest dreams, especially as a first-time writer, to end up working with this extraordinary cast, Netflix, and the amazing teams at The Lighthouse and Voltage,’ enthused McAlister, who spent a year securing the sit-down on-camera meeting with Andrew and left the BBC in July 2021. McAlister also teased she will have a real ‘pinch myself’ moment when sees herself being played by ‘one’ of her favourite  actresses ever, Piper. The astonishing 2019 Newsnight interview saw Maitlis sit down with the Duke of York who denied having sex with Virginia Giuffre. Giuffre claims she was trafficked by Jeffrey Epstein when she was 17 and was still a minor under US law. She detailed one stand out meeting with Prince Andrew where she said he sweated profusely while they danced at Tramp nightclub In London. He denied the recollection, however, telling Maitlis that would be ‘impossible’ because he had an unusual condition which meant he couldn’t sweat. He also said that particular day he was at a Pizza Express in Woking. Of course this isn’t the first adaptation of the Newsnight interview. Channel 4 aired its Prince Andrew: The Musical in 2022, with Maitlis played by actress and comedian Emma Sidi and Andrew was played by Kieran Hodgson. Maitlis has since left Newsnight and joined forced with journalists Jon Sopel and Lewis Goodall for The News Agents podcast. Scoop will be available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 