The Apprentice lit up TV screens once again for its Thursday night showing and fans couldn’t hide their amazement at one team’s ‘stupid’ mistake. Tasked with creating an advertising concept to sell electric motorbikes, both teams were woken up and ferried to Imperial College London where they were delivered a brief by Lord Alan Sugar. Both groups were asked to come up with a video advertisement they had to cast and shoot themselves before pitching their finished products to a panel of industry experts. Acting as project manager of one team, Bradley Johnson delegated sub-team leadership to Shazia Hussain who quickly side-stepped her rank and turned the manager’s concept on its head. Changing the bike’s name and overall concept from what the team had discussed in the morning, eagle-eyed fans quickly noticed the recruiter’s failure to execute one vital element of the proposed campaign. Shazia ultimately sourced an actress for the advertisement that was unable to ride a motorcycle – a piece of the puzzle that tied the entire storyboard together. Taking to social media, fans of the show slammed the contestants for their sloppiness just ahead of the panel of experts that also pointed out their error. One user penned: ‘Yeah, get someone who can’t ride a bike to advertise a bike. That’s like getting someone with a peanut allergy to advertise peanut butter.’ Another typed: ‘Why blame the Agency for the Actor they were sent. Why didn’t they tell the Agency they wanted an Actor that can ride a Motorcycle. Not the Agency’s fault. Plus you don’t drive a Motorbike You ‘Ride’ a motorbike. [sic]’ ‘​​Why get an actress that can’t ride a motorbike?? [sic]’, a Twitter user questioned. Others online jumped to comment on the overall calibre of this year’s line-up. A fan of the show wrote: ‘Incompetence levels off the charts. Maybe one day the producers will go back to selecting people with genuine business credibility. Or not. They’ll carry on giving Love Island rejects television time [sic].’ ‘Worst contestants ever. Who is even selecting these for casting ? They need to be fired. Fire them all!!!!! [sic]’, a further disgruntled fan said. The Apprentice returns next Thursday at 9pm BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice stars attempt to salvage cringey advert as cracks show in shambolic teamwork MORE : The Apprentice star Shazia Hussain ‘made complaint over co-star Mark Moseley allegedly racially abusing her’ 