A Metropolitan Police officer told colleagues he would name his dog after Fred West or Ian Brady in a series of grim messages. In the WhatsApp group named ‘Secret Squirrel Sh**’, former police sergeant Luke Thomas spoke warmly of Nazis and child killers while asking for help naming his dog. ‘I think Adolf might be a bit obvious,’ he wrote. ‘Fred and Ian after my two favourite child sex killers? Do you think Auschwitz could be a good name for him?’ In the same WhatsApp group, he called a rapist cop a ‘legend in my eyes’, and said any non-binary person was ‘an utter c**t’. In response to the comments, the panel heard Thomas acknowledged they were inappropriate. The former police officer was one of eight serving and former Met officers from the South East Command Unit who used the group between May 2016 and June 2018. This included seven men and one woman, and part of a Bexley-based safer neighbourhood team. In the chat, they would frequently post comments that were sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic and ‘applauded sexual violence against women’. Those who faced a gross misconduct hearing at Empress State Building in Fulham, west London, yesterday alongside Thomas included: former acting PS Luke Allen, former PC Kelsey Buchan, former PC Carlo Francisco, former PC Lee South, former PC Darren Jenner, PC Glynn Rees, and Officer B, who has been granted anonymity. On other occasions, Thomas repeatedly mocked Harvey Price, the son of Katie Price who is disabled. Ms Price, 44, was left ‘disgusted’ after learning of the ‘derogatory’ messages, including images which were allegedly posted by Met Police officers on WhatsApp between 2016 and 2018. Harvey, 20, is Ms Price’s eldest son and has Prader-Willi syndrome, a genetic condition resulting in obesity, and Septo-Optic Dysplasia, which affects sight and the development of the brain. When a woman colleague identified as Officer A joined the unit, Sgt Thomas called her ‘f***ing ugly’ and ‘dumb as f**k’. Thomas also referred to Officer A as ‘it’, the panel heard. Once he posted: ‘Another male police officer says he did once get away with rape on a weekend away in Butlin’s, so a legend in my eyes.’ All eight officers are subject to three allegations and are said to have breached standards of professional behaviour in relation to equality and diversity, authority, respect and courtesy, challenging and reporting improper conduct and discreditable conduct. Thomas, who was the highest ranking officer in the WhatsApp group, faces an additional allegation of failing to adequately supervise his team and legitimising the ‘derisory chat’ as team sergeant. Three former officers – Thomas, Allen and South – admit gross misconduct for all allegations. Former officer Francisco admits gross misconduct for the first allegation, and misconduct for the other two. Serving officer Rees and former officer Buchan admit misconduct for all allegations. Officer B denies the first allegation and admits misconduct for the second and third allegation. Former PC Jenner has not engaged with the misconduct hearing and the police have taken that to mean he does not admit either misconduct nor gross misconduct. All face charges over not reporting the comments. If guilty of gross misconduct, they face a lifetime ban from policing. The hearing continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.