Have you ever faked an orgasm? Well, you’re certainly not the only one. And no, it’s not just women who fake it. A study has found that 45.7% of women and 38.2% of men have pretended to climax. Overall, that adds up to 42.8% of the total number of survey participants. For both sexes, the top orgasm hindrance is their partner’s breath, with 40% singling it out as a seriously off-putting factor. The second most likely factor (32.3%) was the position, and the third (31.5%) was room temperature. Interestingly men and women gave very similar answers for why they decided to fake it. Both women (23.7%) and men (21%) said their top reason why they chose to pretend was that they just wanted to get the sex over with – ouch. Men (15.1%) and women (21%) also gave the same second most popular answer – they didn’t want to hurt their partner’s feelings. The survey, which was conducted by Innerbody Research, saw 1,119 individuals asked questions all about their sexual preferences and relationships. The report, titled Faking the Big O: A Study, also stated that married participants had a higher average number of orgasms per week (4.8) than the singletons (4.5) or even the people in domestic partnerships (4.1). So what can help an actual orgasm take place? The thing that took the top spot at 44.2% was romance – pure and simple. After that was mood lighting (30.9%), and good old-fashioned lube (28.7%). Think your partner is faking their orgasm? Annabelle Knight, sex and relationship expert with Lovehoney, previously told us how to deal with it. Her advice? Always bring it up. ‘Only around a third of women can climax through intercourse alone so it could be a route for you to try new techniques – possibly introducing sex toys or at least upping the foreplay, particularly oral sex,’ she sais. ‘If you handle the situation sensitively, there is no reason why you cannot both take your sex life to new heights and ensure that faking becomes a thing of the past.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Love Island viewers grossed out by Shaq Muhammad’s orgasm noises: ‘Nothing has disturbed me more’ MORE : Woman who hadn’t had an orgasm for seven years swears by this sex toy: ‘This toy is worth every single penny!’ MORE : Male contraceptive pill created – but it has to be taken right before sex