 A live television broadcast captured the moment a journalist rushed a little girl to safety after a ‘truly apocalyptic’ earthquake hit Turkey. Yuksel Akalan was reporting on the devastating tremor when two aftershocks struck in quick succession, covering terrified people and the streets in dust. The footage shows Mr Akalan talking into the camera before he and others run for their lives. He told viewers of Turkish news channel, A Haber: ‘As we were heading into the rubble to film search and rescue efforts there were two consecutive aftershocks with a loud noise and the building you are seeing on my left was brought down to earth.’ Mr Akalan later pointed out a mother evacuating with her young children before rushing to help, picking up one girl and moments later brushing dust away from her face. Two earthquakes of magnitude 7.8 and 7.6 hit southern and central Turkey and parts of Syria in less than 12 hours. More than 2,300 people have died with almost 10,000 injured and hundreds unaccounted for – as fears grow the death toll will continue to rise. Among those missing are former Newcastle United player, Christian Atsu, who is feared to be trapped under debris. The Ghanaian international, 31, is understood to have been with other players and staff from his current team, Turkish Super Lig side Hatayspor, when a building they were inside collapsed. Everyone except Mr Atsu and the team’s sporting director, Taner Savut, have been rescued, according to local reports. Thousands of buildings have been destroyed in what Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan described as the country’s worst disaster since 1939, when an earthquake claimed the lives of 33,000 people. Mr Erdogan said: ‘Because the debris removal efforts are continuing in many buildings in the earthquake zone, we do not know how high the number of dead and injured will rise. ‘Hopefully we will leave these disastrous days behind us in unity and solidarity as a country and a nation.’ Around 18,000 perished after another earthquake hit north-west Turkey in 1999. A team of search and rescue specialists from the UK is currently travelling to Turkey and is expected to arrive at 11pm GMT, foreign office minister, Lord Ahmad of Wimbledon, told the House of Lords. Liberal Democrat peer, Lord Bruce of Bennachie, described what had occurred as ‘truly apocalyptic’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.