Manchester City defender Kyle Walker has warned Premier League leaders Arsenal over ‘twists and turns’ in the 2022-23 title race. City lost 1-0 to Tottenham on Sunday to miss a crucial opportunity to cut Arsenal’s lead at the top after the Gunners were beaten at Everton on Saturday. Those results mean the Gunners remain five points clear of Pep Guardiola’s side with a game in hand. But City have won four of the five Premier League titles and Walker has told Arsenal that there could be some twists to come before the end of the season. ‘Of course it is [a missed opportunity],’ England international Walker told Sky Sports following his side’s defeat at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. ‘They dropped points and we needed to pick up points to close the gap, but there is still a lot of football to be played. ‘I have been here many, many years in the Premier League and I know the twists and turns that can happen. ‘I know what this team is about. I know what this team can do. We can go on runs from now until the end of the season and it’s just about us doing that really.’ Walker also played down questions over team-mate Erling Haaland with some suggesting that City play better when the striker is not in the team, despite the fact that he has scored 25 goals across 20 games in the Premier League this term. ‘It’s a process – he’s come to Manchester City and it’s a difficult team to fit into as the manager demands so much and the way we play,’ Walker added. ‘It’s unique. ‘Erling has been fantastic. No-one says anything when he’s scoring goals and winning. ‘All of sudden now when we don’t win and he doesn’t score, they say ‘is it the problem, do we play better without him?’ I hear it all the time. ‘But no-one is complaining when he’s scored his 25th goal of the season. This is the team we’ve got now until the end of the season. We’ll fight until the end.’ MORE : Why Kevin de Bruyne was benched and Phil Foden missed Tottenham v Man City MORE : Historic Harry Kane goal sees Tottenham beat Man City to delight Arsenal 