Twitter’s workforce is shrinking again as new boss, Elon Musk, fired at least 200 employees over the weekend. The layoffs on Saturday night impacted about 10% of its workforce, including product managers, data scientists and engineers who worked on machine learning and site reliability, which helps keep Twitter’s various features online, as reported by the New York Times. The layoffs came a week after Twitter employees found themselves abruptly cut off from their internal chat platform, Slack. On Saturday night, some employees discovered that they were logged out of their corporate email accounts and laptops, said the report. Among those affected were Twitter loyalists like Esther Crawford who recently oversaw Twitter’s effort to charge users for verification check marks. She is known for her viral tweets about sleeping at the office to handle Musk’s round-the-clock demands. This is the latest round of job cuts since Elon Musk took over the social media website last October. As of last month, Musk said that Twitter had a headcount of about 2,300 active employees. That’s a shadow of the nearly 7,500 employees Musk started off with when he acquired the company. The latest job cuts follow a mass layoff in November, when Twitter laid off about 3,700 employees in a cost-cutting measure by Musk, who had acquired the company for $44 billion. Musk said in November that the service was experiencing a ‘massive drop in revenue’ as advertisers pulled spending amid concerns about content moderation. The billionaire is doing everything possible to cut costs and raise money including auctioning off hundreds of office items from Twitter’s San Francisco HQ. Twitter is actively pushing its paid subscription, Twitter Blue, which comes with a blue check mark for £8.40 a month. In November, Musk warned of a potential Twitter bankruptcy if it fails to boost subscription revenue to offset falling advertising income. Twitter did not respond to a request for comment. MORE : Twitter employees lose Slack access as Musk slacks off on paying the bills MORE : Twitter users report ‘disappearing’ replies and ‘broken’ timelines