Ozzy Osbourne treated social media followers to a look at his new toy and appeared in fantastic spirits in his latest upload. The rock singer, 74, filmed himself testing out a new pair of virtual reality goggles in the living room of his home and could hardly contain his joy. Screaming and shouting as the game’s life-like visuals flashed before his eyes, the legendary hitmaker drew the attention of his wife Sharon, 70, for less positive reasons. The clip was shared with his millions of Instagram followers alongside the caption: ‘Did this spot with the @PlayStation team. We had a lot of fun. Their new VR2 really is amazing [sic]’. Fans watched on as Ozzy unpacked a sparkling new set of goggles and questioned how they had landed in his lap. The footage then showed the star’s wife as she entered the room looking for her husband’s help. Sharon could be heard asking the musician: ‘Ozzy are you going to help me pack these boxes or what? We’ve got a flight to England.’ ‘Hang on Sharon,’ was the rocker’s response as he insisted he was staying put to play with his PlayStation amid claims he was ‘very technical these days’. Strapping on his headset, Ozzy launched into the virtual world of prehistoric beasts and asked the screen: ‘Is that a friendly dinosaur?’ as he navigated the controls. Chaos ensued as the star embraced the latest software by the video game company and came alive on camera with screams, shouts and barrels of laughter. Bellowing expletives in his signature gravelly voice, the rocker dressed in his trademark black leathers, donning a chunky cross on a chair around his neck as he let his hair hang loose around his shoulders. The video came to a close with Ozzy screaming for Sharon to come back and when asked what was wrong he confessed he thought one of the game’s creatures was ‘trying to bite [his] head off’. Sharon then joked that the ‘storm bird needs to get at the back of the line’ before the commercial faded to the brand’s signature blue logo. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ozzy Osbourne enjoys Grammys success just days after emotional retirement from touring MORE : Ozzy Osbourne flashes peace sign as he’s seen for first time since announcing retirement from touring 