Surrey Police have been given the all-clear by the police watchdog after officers spoke with George Pattison only days before his family’s death. Emma Pattison, 45, and her daughter Lettie, seven, were found dead alongside Mr Pattison at their home on the grounds of Epsom College last Sunday. Police confirmed a firearm was recovered from the scene belonging to Mr Pattison and the force has launched a homicide investigation. Mr Pattison had been in contact with police about his firearm licence to change his address after the family moved to the school grounds from Caterham. With the call just three days before the killing, Surrey Police referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) in case of any breaches. But the watchdog has concluded that no investigation into potential misconduct will be needed over the call, Surrey Police said today. An IOPC spokesperson said: ‘We received a mandatory referral from Surrey Police on February 5 related to the deaths of Emma, Lettie and George Pattison. ‘We have reviewed the recent contact Surrey Police had with Mr Pattison regarding his firearms licence and have decided that no investigation is required. ‘Following a thorough assessment of the available evidence, we determined on February 8 that the matter should be returned to the force to handle as it deems appropriate. ‘We have reminded the force of its obligations, and that if evidence were to come to light that anyone serving with the police may have breached standards of professional behaviour or committed a criminal offence in connection with this, they should refer relevant matters to us.’ Detective Chief Inspector Kimball Edey, Senior Investigating Officer, added: ‘These events have been shocking and distressing for everyone involved. ‘We continue to support the wider family with specialist officers and request that, having been subject to widespread local and national attention, they are afforded a level of privacy during this difficult time. ‘We fully appreciate the concern this incident has caused within the local community and my team are working hard to establish the full circumstances and will provide any updates as appropriate in due course.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.