Social media influencer Andrew Tate will remain behind bars for the next month after his second appeal for freedom was rejected. A Romanian court today ordered that Tate would be detained for a further 30-days in the ongoing human trafficking, organised crime case. The reality TV star and former kickboxer, who was removed from Big Brother in 2016, was detained alongside his brother Tristan while his house was raided in Bucharest. The Tate brothers have been under investigation since April, alongside two other suspects. Tate, 36, a British-US citizen who has nearly five million followers on Twitter, arrived at the Bucharest Court of Appeal Wednesday morning handcuffed to his brother . The- ruling will see the suspects face time in custody until February 27 as prosecutors continue investigating the case. Last week, prosecutors said the Tate brothers recruited their victims by seducing them and falsely claiming to want a relationship or marriage. Authorities suspect the pair, along with two Romanian nationals, of running ‘an organised crime group’. Police will continue to hold the group for another 30-day period, after a court rejected their second appeal today. After the arrests in December police said they had identified six people who were allegedly ‘sexually exploited’ by what it called an ‘organised criminal group’. Police alleged the victims were ‘recruited’ by the British citizens, who they said misrepresented their intention to enter into a relationship with the victims – which it called ‘the loverboy method’. They were later forced to perform in pornographic content under threat of violence, a statement alleged. The Tates’ lawyer, Eugen Vidineac, has said his clients rejected all the allegations. In 2016, Tate appeared on Big Brother and was removed from the house after a video circulated appearing to show him attacking a woman. At the time, he claimed it had been edited and described the footage as ‘a total lie trying to make me look bad’. He has become a controversial figure online, including getting banned from Twitter for saying women should ‘bear responsibility’ for being sexually assaulted, while he has since been reinstated on the platform. He has also been removed from the likes of YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and TikTok. Last month he was embroiled in a Twitter row with climate activist Greta Thunberg, who told him to ‘get a life’ after he boasted about owning 33 cars with ‘enormous emissions’. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.