Expect the unexpected with rebellious Uranus causing a stir. Aries might become more willing to take more risks, but is advised to temper any erratic spending. Virgo and Capricorn could enjoy a change of scene, while Sagittarius may do well to keep calm if their well-made plans are disrupted. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 25, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Current influences are encouraging you to try something that takes you out of your comfort zone. In work and money matters, you may take chances that you wouldn’t usually consider wise. With the Moon forging links to rebellious Uranus, you’ll be willing to take a risk, Aries. And sometimes this is necessary to make progress. Spending could be erratic too, so try to go easy. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You’ll be full of energy and confidence today, with a lively influence on the field encouraging you onwards and upwards. This is one of those times when you’ll feel anything is possible, and that you only need to visualise your dream for it to come true. It will take a lot more than that, Taurus. But knowing what you want and making a start is almost certainly half the battle. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You could change your mind more than once, so it’s best not to commit to anything just in case you regret it. With this being an unpredictable day, anything could happen, and it might lead you to alter your plans. Still, it’s also possible that you’ll come across ideas or information that gets you moving in a whole new direction, Gemini. Give yourself time to make the best choices. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 If a promising offer comes out of the blue, don’t turn it down. Even if it arrives via a friend of a colleague, it’s certainly worth considering. And if they think you’re a great match for a job, why so many doubts? With buoyant Jupiter powering through your sector of ambition, know that it has your back, Cancer. Don’t be too hard on yourself, as you’re more talented than you know. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Necessary changes to your job or business may need to be made, and there could be a mild sense of urgency about this. If you’ve resisted this for some time, you’ll now know you can no longer hang about. And you’ll probably wish you’d sorted this out long ago. The difference it can make and the opportunities you’ll get, mean it will be worth your while over the long-term, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Something that occurs today could take you by surprise. With the Moon merging with Uranus, it really can pay to expect the unexpected. In this case, it’s something you’ll find pleasantly exciting. It could be the offer of a trip to somewhere you’re keen to go, or an opportunity that you’ve had your eye on. And if you’re ready to take a small risk, a new door could open, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may have some wild ideas today Libra, but be careful who you share them with. The Moon’s merger with electric Uranus in an edgy zone, suggests that not everyone will appreciate where you’re coming from. While your sense of fun can be eccentric and offbeat at times, others might not appreciate it, least of all coming from someone as tactful and diplomatic as you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Think that others have more talent than you? It’s simply not true, Scorpio. You have so much to give, that you’re often the object of other people’s envy. The problem is that you tend to doubt, rather than promoting yourself and making the most of the spotlight. You now have a chance to make a great impression, but the motivation and determination must come from you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Unexpected things could occur that derail your schedule and disrupt your plans for the day. However, it’s not so much what happens, but the way you handle it that counts, Archer. The Moon’s tie-up with Uranus, suggests this is a temporary matter and that things should soon be back to normal. If you can keep your cool, even if those around you panic, you will feel proud. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Today may be stirred up in a good way, as things happen that take you by surprise. With restless Uranus strutting its stuff in your leisure and romance zone, you’ll embrace any quirky happenings and be determined to make the most of them. A leisurely outing or date could be so very different from what you had planned, that you’ll be delighted at how it falls into place. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 This is one of those times when buying a gadget could turn out to be a wise and fruitful decision. You might not expect much from it Aquarius, but once you get it home and start using it, you’ll wonder how you ever managed without it. On another note, you may get an unexpected visitor or guest, which could throw a spanner in the works. They can also be the bearer of good news. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 There’s no point in blaming yourself for those things over which you have no control. A zesty aspect hints that someone could say something which causes upset, despite your efforts to keep things friendly and upbeat. What’s done is done, Pisces. And yet you may find that this has the effect of clearing the air and letting the truth be known, which really can only be a good thing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 19 to February 25 MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care MORE : Venus in Aries makes for drama in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope