Onlookers have described the arrest of a couple who was on the run for 54 days with their baby, who is feared to have ‘come to harm’. Mark Gordon is said to have been restrained on the floor as he ‘screamed and shouted’ at police. His partner Constance Marten was in tears and yelled at officers to ‘get off him’, reports suggest. The pair avoided police since their child was born in early January, moving around the country, paying for everything in cash and covering their faces when on CCTV. They were detained on suspicion of child neglect at around 9.30pm on Monday. A tip-off from a member of the public led officers to find them in Stanmer Villas, Brighton – but their two-month-old was not with them and a huge search has been launched by 200 officers. Gordon and Marten were further arrested today on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter. Bystanders reportedly told The Sun that their arrest last night came after they were seen shopping for supplies around Hollingbury Place, before heading towards Roedale Valley allotments. The bystander, who didn’t want to be named, said Gordon was walking ‘in front of her’ and ‘they looked ‘odd at that time of night’. ‘He was restrained for a while on the floor and to begin with was very animated. He was screaming and shouting’, they said. ‘She was yelling at them to get off him. She was in tears and also got arrested a bit further down the street.’ Local Anna Drake, 34, added that the person who recognised them had followed them before police were called. She confirmed ‘there was quite a commotion’, although said she hadn’t heard of a struggle. Officers are now desperately scouring a large area between Brighton and Newhaven to try to find the baby, who has not had any medical attention since birth in early January. ‘We have had a significant period of time in the custody facility with both Constance and Mark’, Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford said on Tuesday. ‘At this time we have not furthered that information, which has now obviously led to the position where we feel that the risk is getting so great that we now have to consider the possibility that the baby has come to harm.’ Officers said earlier they ‘hold hope’ that the missing baby is still alive, but warned ‘risk to the child is extremely high’. Locals have been urged to remain ‘vigilant’ in areas of open land and check any outbuildings they own. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.