Rebel Wilson has said she was ‘shocked at the criticism’ she received after deciding to head on a night out with her partner Ramona Agruma to attend two parties, a week after her daughter was born. The Pitch Perfect star welcomed her little girl, Royce Lillian, via surrogate in November last year. She then shared photos of herself and her entrepreneur partner, 39, attending events thrown by celebrity pals Leonardo DiCaprio and Paris Hilton on the same night just over a week later, attracting the wrath of mums on Instagram and judgement for leaving the house so soon. Voicing her reaction to the backlash for the first time, the 42-year-old explained her decision and pointed to the fact that new fathers are under far less scrutiny. ‘I think it was only a week until I got mum-shamed,’ she stated in a new interview, talking about her ‘one night out’ with her girlfriend after Royce was born. ‘I was shocked at the criticism because Chris Hemsworth goes to the gym, and people aren’t yelling, “Where’s your kids?” But why do they do it to every woman?’ she added to hosts Brittany Hockley and Laura Byrne on the Life Uncut podcast. The Bridesmaids star did admit she wasn’t sure about going out so soon after her daughter’s birth, but that her nanny had encouraged them, reminding her that Royce would be ‘asleep by seven o’clock’ anyway and that she was ‘totally fine’. Rebel pointed out of the parties: ‘It’s a little bit [of] work in a way. Like, I’m talking to directors or talking to other actors that might be useful to collaborate with, so it’s a little bit of work and it’s a little bit of fun, and then we were basically home by midnight.’ The Aussie actress also agreed that women shouldn’t shame other women for their parenting choices and how they choose to balance work and motherhood. ‘Just because you become a mother, doesn’t mean that you lose your identity as a person. It doesn’t mean you can’t go out with friends, or you can’t go on a holiday. It doesn’t mean you can’t have a career,’ she said. She revealed that was also ‘finding it really hard to do all my work and have the baby’ but that it ‘doesn’t mean that you give up who you are as a person’. ‘People will say I’m in a privileged position, which I am, but I think it’s so outdated. Why is it women shaming other women? It always is.’ She added: ‘I worked hard to get into a position where I had a really great household and stable life to bring up the baby, but we don’t go out that much though because we want to stay home and chill and we’re so exhausted!’ However, she revealed another occasion since Royce’s birth when she’d been tempted to a night out. ‘Every now and then… we just went to Dubai with the baby because there was a free Beyonce concert, and we were like, “Yeah, why not?”’ Rebel has kept her daughter largely off social media since announcing her birth but did recently show her face for the first time earlier in February in sweet footage. Lounging in a comfy chair at her Los Angeles home, the star cradled her tiny baby girl as she positioned her phone above the pair to capture the moment on film. During the video, fans were offered a never-seen-before glimpse of the little girl’s face and watched on as she playfully stuck her tongue out at her dotting mum – who mimicked the expression back to her camera. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rita Ora decides not to take husband Taika Waititi’s surname after secret marriage MORE : Celebrity party planner spills how stars nail the ultimate Valentine’s Day romantic gesture  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 