Venus is tying with Uranus today which could have a positive impact on your star sign. Are you craving a fresh start, Aries? As luscious Venus aligns with electric Uranus, the urge for something out of the ordinary could push you to explore further. Meanwhile, a developing Mercury link with Pluto could see Capricorns struggling with their image, a goal or thoughts about their place in the wider world. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 8, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Craving a fresh start? As luscious Venus aligns with electric Uranus, the urge for something out of the ordinary can push you to explore further. You may seek out people who greatly inspire you and be drawn to a life coach, teacher or other mentor, who can help you see life from a new perspective. Want to move beyond your limits? This is the time to break free of them, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 A positive aspect involving sultry Venus may find you invigorated by an encounter, and this pleasant distraction could add sparkle to your day. You might click with this person right away and have an urge to connect again. Feeling creative? Don’t hold back, let it flow, Taurus. You may even gain inspiration from something or someone who is not afraid to be themselves. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A relationship could emerge from a totally unexpected quarter, and with someone who is very different from your usual crowd. You may not have that much in common, but it could be this that attracts you to each other. Whether you become friends or feel a romantic draw, it helps to nurture this bond, otherwise it could fizzle out all too fast. You’ll find it changes you too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Someone you thought you knew well could do something unexpected. A lively aspect involving edgy Uranus, suggests you may be delighted if they tell you something new or divulge an unusual interest. This could add something fresh to your relationship. It might mean you can talk to them about things or ideas that you have kept quiet about too, as you know they’re a kindred spirit. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Need to share something? If it’s an issue you’ve kept to yourself, it could be that pride that’s prevented you from discussing it. Getting it out into the open can bring you loving support and may not be as embarrassing as you thought. The better you feel, the more you’ll be able to take advantage of the positive Jupiter influence that is encouraging you onward and upward, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Does a relationship need to thaw before you get talking again? A brilliant insight into the reason why it’s happening, means you’re halfway to resolving it. Don’t beat about the bush Virgo, just let them know that you understand the issue and are sorry. Within a short time, things could be back to normal. Enjoy computing studies? A course could deepen your knowledge and abilities. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You can be sensitive to chaos and disorder, so with Venus in your lifestyle zone, it’s time to get more organized. Setting some boundaries for yourself and others, will give you a structure that keeps things in balance. Have a list of intentions and prioritize goals that you really enjoy, and soon you will be flying high and feeling more content. Plus, daily exercise will also help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 If something is piquing your curiosity, you’ll be ready to dive in deep and get answers. You may even find yourself on a mission to get to the truth of a matter that is arousing your suspicions. A developing Mercury/Pluto link, means the coming days may be intense for many reasons, and that includes your conversations. Something could be revealed that encourages a change of heart. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The Sun’s ongoing presence in your sector of talk and thought, encourages positivity and confidence. This can be a good time to enhance your social media presence, start a blog, create a website or to market your goods and services online. If your goal is to make new friends, you’ll easily find others on your wavelength, Archer. You’ll be happy to be part of a new crowd. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Mercury’s link with Pluto could find you struggling with your image, a goal or thoughts about your place in the wider world. Things can be intense, but this may be pointing to the fact that you are running on old tracks. New desires and ideas will enliven your thinking, and the enthusiasm you feel could surprise and delight you. You’ll soon be firing on all cylinders. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You may be tempted by a deal that’s too good to miss. But sometimes you have to grab a bargain when you see it, otherwise you could miss out. If you have a desire to redecorate or enhance your place in any way, then there may be something on offer that appeals. A more intense aspect could inspire you to resolve something that you’ve been avoiding. The sooner the better! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 While there seems to be a lot going on, the Sun’s presence in a private zone encourages you not to jump into action too fast. The coming weeks are better for winding down plans and projects that you’ve already started, and getting them out of the way. What you need is a clean slate so that when the Sun enters your sign in a couple of weeks, you’ll be ready for new beginnings. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 5 to February 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : What does the Year of the Rabbit mean? Traits, compatibility, and 2023 horoscope