Sipping on free wine, and not having to swallow your opinions if you don’t like it, doesn’t exactly seem like a hardship. If it sounds like it could be for you, you’re in luck. Aldi is once again opening the doors of its renowned Wine Club and it has initiated a search for thirty lucky wine enthusiasts to trial, test and review its brand new range of delicious wines. And the best part is that it won’t cost you a penny. We’re already obsessed with Aldi’s Specialbuys – but this free wine might just make us love this supermarket even more. Successful applicants will receive three bottles from the supermarket’s award-winning range, which will need to be consumed over a six-week period. So if you enjoy settling in on a Friday night with a bottle of wine, it’s not exactly a tall order. The chosen wine lovers will simply be asked to share their honest reviews of the wines across their Instagram or Twitter pages, using the dedicated #AldiWineClub hashtag. This means you can also flex your free wine samples to all your friends while doing Aldi a favour – what’s not to love? Aldi will also supply the handpicked Wine Club members with a selection of tasting notes from Sam Caporn, Mistress of Wine and face of the Aldi Wine School, as well as tips on how to taste wine. These include keeping ‘the wine you plan to taste somewhere that has a fairly constant, cool temperature (big temperature fluctuations are bad for wine so above the oven for example is a big no-no)’. Testers must smell the wine before drinking it – even if it feels a little ‘pretentious’. Sam said: ‘It’s a really important step of the wine tasting process as aroma and taste equal flavour. ‘Smelling wine releases the aromas and helps you to identify different flavours that your tongue might not pick up. ‘Gently swirl the glass just before to make it easier to pick up on your favourite wine flavours that your taste buds alone won’t be able to pick up.’ Finally, and this was news to us, experts say: ‘Don’t serve your whites or pinks too cold as that makes them harder to smell. ‘As the wine warms up in the glass you will find the wine changes slightly and the aromas become more distinct.’ So now we’re at the important part. How can you apply to be in with a chance of landing the role of Aldi taste-tester? All you need to do is send an email (to Aldiwineclub@clarioncomms.co.uk) with your full name, age, your social media handles and your follower count for each one. Then you need to write 150 words explaining why you should be selected as part of Aldi’s Wine Club, as well as which of the supermarket’s wines is your favourite and why. It’s not a big ask for free booze, so get applying while you can before you miss the wine boat. Entries are open until Monday March 13. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : What’s in the Middle of Lidl this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : London couple ditch the rat race to open canal boat café and travel the country