Middle-earth looks like it’ll be coming back to the big screen, with Warner Bros. confirming more Lord of the Rings movies are coming. The popular fantasy story, created by JRR Tolkien, has spawned several adaptations, the most recent being Amazon TV series The Rings of Power. In the early 2000s, after numerous unfinished film adaptations throughout the 20th century, Peter Jackson’s epic trilogy broke box office and awards records. A decade later, Jackson, 61, returned to direct a three-part adaptation of The Hobbit, acting as a prequel to his Lord of the Rings trilogy. The Rings of Power series is already at work on a second season, with the first season dubbed ‘the most expensive TV show ever made’. Until now, the third film in the Hobbit trilogy was the last time Middle-earth had been seen in cinemas – but it seems we won’t be waiting much longer. The company’s co-chairs, Michael De Luca and Pam Abdy, confirmed the news in a statement published this week, saying: ‘We are excited.’ They continued: ‘The universe dreamed up by Tolkien remains largely unexplored on film. Inviting fans deeper into the cinematic world of Middle-earth is an honour.’ Though there’s no word yet on the development of the upcoming films, Jackson and his collaborators, Fran Walsh and Philippa Boyens, have been ‘kept in the loop’. The trio told Variety: ‘We look forward to speaking with them further tohear their vision for the franchise moving forward.’ Jackson’s trilogy, which began in 2001 with The Fellowship of the Ring, is regarded as a landmark moment in cinema history – the films are still beloved by millions of viewers today. The Return of the King, the third and final film in the trilogy, famously won every single one of the 11 Academy Awards it was nominated for at the 2004 ceremony. The series, which starred Elijah Wood, Sir Ian McKellen, and Cate Blanchett, also grossed a total of $2.9 billion (£2.41 billion) at the box office worldwide. Last week, it was revealed that Embracer, a Swedish video game company, are planning a whopping five new titles in the Lord of the Rings game franchise. Watch The Rings of Power on Amazon Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Embracer planning 31 new AAA games and five Lord Of The Rings titles MORE : Brighton bin firm facing Lord of the Rings battle reveals potential pun-filled name changes 