John Cena turned heads after he debuted a surprising ensemble on the set of his new comedy film. The WWE superstar was spotted in a pair of thigh-high stockings and an extremely short plaid mini skirt as he worked on the upcoming R-rated flick directed by the filmmaker that brought There’s Something About Mary to life. Showing off a set of muscular legs, the 45-year-old wrestler was snapped on Thursday in Melbourne, Australia where he is filming the project named Ricky Stanicky. John has reportedly been snapped up to play the titular role in the movie whose director Peter Farrelly has credits that include Dumb and Dumber and Me, Myself & Irene. Stepping into his on-set trailer, the famous face finished off the startling look with a pair of lace-up heeled boots and a plain black t-shirt. The quirky new film revolves around John’s character Ricky Stanicky, an imaginary friend invented and perpetuated by three friends over several years. Made up so they have someone to blame for their misbehaviour, the star’s role will see him get up to plenty of mischief. However, their partners begin to become suspicious of the friends and they’re forced to hire a washed-up actor to bring the once imaginary character to life – supposedly in the form of John Cena’s persona in drag. Spotted earlier in the week, the TV personality was pictured with white make-up smeared across his chiselled face and dark black highly-arched eyebrows that had been painted on. He also wore bright red lipstick, a baggy vest over a button-down-striped shirt and shorts that did their best to hide his toned and muscular figure. The star strolled alongside his gorgeous engineer wife Shay Shariatzadeh, 33, on the outing. She donned a casual cool look and sported a clinging auburn long-sleeved top with a pair pf simple blue jeans. The brunette beauty also showed off her massive engagement ring while clutching at a cup of coffee. Initially meeting in 2019, the couple were first spotted enjoying a romantic dinner date in her native Vancouver and tied the knot a year later in a private ceremony in 2020 in Tampa, Florida. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE 2K23 hands-on preview: WarGames and John Cena Showcase is the cherry on top of revamped experience MORE : John Cena and Logan Paul tease huge WWE WrestleMania match with cryptic Instagram posts  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 