Gabriel Martinelli has put to bed any questions over his long-term future at Arsenal by signing a new contract with the club that will be announced imminently, according to reports. The Brazilian’s previous contract expired at the end of next season, though the north London club had the option to trigger at extension until 2026. That would have kept Martinelli on the same terms but Arsenal wanted to reward the youngster for his stellar performances with a bumper new deal, as well as securing his future for even longer. Now The Athletic report that the 21-year-old has signed his new contract after agreeing a four-and-a-half year deal last week. Martinelli’s new contract will keep him at the club until the summer of 2027 and Arsenal are expected to officially announce the news in the coming days. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Arsenal are not done there and will now push ahead with contract talks with two more of their young stars: Bukayo Saka and William Saliba. The French centre-back only has 18 months left on his current contract and the Gunners have already triggered their extension option, doing so in December. That had prompted fears that Saliba was not entirely convinced about continuing at the Emirates, given that Arsenal had been unable to tie him down to a long-term deal, but talks are continuing and the player himself insists he is enjoying life at the club. Speaking last month, the defender said: ‘I am so happy here. ‘The club is speaking with my agent and me, the only thing I can do is (focus on my football). I am so happy here.’ Saka, likewise, saw his contract extended by 12 months until the summer of 2024 and would have his pick of clubs if he decided to leave, with Manchester City previously linked. But Arsenal’s brilliant form this season and unexpected title charge means the club are increasingly confident of securing a long-term contract for their dazzling right winger. Speaking in August, manager Mikel Arteta had said he was ‘very confident’ Saka would sign a new deal, to which the England international replied: ‘I share his confidence. ‘I really feel the love from my team-mates, my coaches and the fans as well. So yeah, I really feel loved here.’ MORE : Jakub Kiwior’s agent names three clubs that wanted to beat Arsenal to January transfer MORE : Thiago Silva tried to bring ‘special’ Willian back to Chelsea during Arsenal spell For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 