After being relentlessly trolled and being told she ‘looked like a boy’, this breast cancer survivor is challenging traditional beauty standards by modelling her scars. Dani Moore, 32, who lives in Bristol with her partner and two kids, underwent brutal treatment – including an elected double mastectomy – after the Covid-19 pandemic caused her breast cancer to remain undiagnosed for a year. While celebrating her new body and scars with her 21,000 Instagram followers and 35,000 Facebook followers, she’s also had to face the brunt of hurtful comments and bullies. For instance, she’s been called a boy and told to keep herself away from social media. ‘I’ve had hurtful comments online about the way I look,’ said Danni. ‘On a bad day, these are quite hurtful. Especially when social media is full of airbrushed perfect-looking models – but generally I’m positive: this is me, and I’m just glad to be alive.’ She’s modelled for various brands to celebrate different bodies, and for raising awareness for breast cancer. This includes body-positive underwear brand Lounge, Oner-active, and Dorothy Perkins. ‘It’s hard because I was the only one on all the shoots with a flat chest – you look and feel different, but I felt it was so important to show this side of what cancer can leave behind,’ she said. ‘My body is different. I’ve lost a part of me that many would say makes us feminine. It’s hard.’ By showing her scars and skin, she hopes to help others feel more body confident while also reminding everyone to check themselves regularly. Danni has now finished all active treatment and hormone therapy, but her journey to remission has been extremely difficult. She noticed the lump in her chest in summer 2020, when she was breastfeeding her child. ‘I thought it was blocked milk or a cyst – it grew bigger and looked like a bruise which made me book a GP appointment,’ said Danni. ‘They reassured me it was likely nothing, but referred me anyway.’ After her initial referral was missed due to Covid-19, she felt like her lump had grown bigger so called the GP, who referred her again. ‘They referred me, I got an appointment a few weeks later and then was diagnosed with stage 3 HER2+ breast cancer at the start of July,’ she said. Thankfully, Danni had an excellent support system. ‘I’ve had an incredible family and friend network,’ she said. ‘I couldn’t have managed without them all – they cooked, cleaned, wiped me up after a sickness episode, sent texts of support, and offered childcare. They are an unbelievable army.’ She’s also leaving a decade-long relationship as cancer taught her that ‘life is too short to be unhappy.’ Danni is determined to continue to fight for body positivity and would like to try and publish her blog into a book and have it in hospitals and schools. ‘Mentally it’s been tough to deal with my physical appearance changing,’ she said. ‘Cancer isn’t nice, it drags you through the worst darkest days but I hope people can see that I am living proof that there is life after the bad times.’ ‘I’ve never been happier and I’m literally living my fairy tale now and I don’t need long hair or boobs to do that.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Jonnie Irwin begins new treatment therapy for terminal lung cancer MORE : I had my healthy ovaries and breasts removed to reduce my risk of cancer MORE : Linda Evangelista returns to modelling in Fendi shoot six years after being left ‘brutally disfigured’ by cosmetic surgery