Love Island has blessed us with some eye-opening conversations over the years. Remember the Brexit chat in season four? ‘So does that mean we won’t have any trees?’ asked a distressed Hayley in the hit reality TV show. Thankfully, the latest winter edition of the show is showing no signs of slowing down when it comes to highlighting important issues. During the recent dramatic ‘movie night’ episode, the contestants were faced with some general knowledge questions. One such question asked how many erections men get per day – and the answers were, erm, interesting. ‘I’m sure there’s like 40,’ Ron Hall answered with complete conviction. ‘Forty?!’ Shaq Muhammad replied in shock, while Will Young added: ‘A day?’ While everyone is different, we can only assume that 40 erections a day would be quite uncomfortable. Thankfully, there are experts out there who know the truth, and can put some minds at ease. So, how many erections does a man get? According to Dr Hana Patel and Superdrug Online Doctor, the average is anywhere from six to 10 per day. ‘On average, men will experience full erections between three to five times during a full night’s sleep,’ Dr Patel says. ‘This is doubled during the day.’ However, Dr Patel is quick to note that the number is wholly dependent on the individual. ‘The number varies from man to man,’ she adds. ‘Like will all bodily functions, there is no one size fits all, so there is no ‘normal’ amount of erections men should be experiencing in a day. ‘This will differ on a daily basis, and from man to man depending on age, hormone levels and lifestyle. ‘Smoking, alcohol and lack of quality sleep can reduce the number of erections you experience over a 24-hour period.’ So basically, don’t worry about being ‘normal’. ‘Do not compare yourself to others or rely heavily on social media for information on what is deemed normal as there is a lot of sexual health misinformation online,’ says Dr Patel. You really only need to be worried about erections if there has been significant changes. ‘If you feel your erections are not as hard, do not last as long, or that you have problems ejaculating, do consider seeking medical advice from a professional,’ Dr Patel advises. ‘These changes could potentially be due to sexually transmitted diseases, so it is important to be knowledgeable about the symptoms of different STIs and how this can affect your erection cycles.’ ‘It could also mean there is an underlying health condition such as diabetes present.’ Meanwhile, if you are worried about your libido in general, Dr Patel says seeking medical advice can put your mind at ease. ‘It is natural for us to lose some interest in sex as we get older, which is mostly due to a reduction in hormones such as testosterone, age-related problems and disease,’ she explains. ‘Older men especially can develop low testosterone levels, which can cause fatigue, depression and a reduced sex drive. ‘Remember to speak to your GP if you have any concerns or questions.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Do you see yourself as the ‘anti-hero’ in your dating life? The majority of young singles do, says study MORE : The ‘Ben stage’ is the TikTok dating trend that’s all about learning lessons MORE : ‘The Lasagne’ sex position explained – don’t worry, it’s not as messy as it sounds