One Britain’s Got Talent contestant reportedly brought the heat in their audition and judge Simon Cowell felt the burn. The latest season of the ITV talent show has begun filming in London, with performers lining up for the chance to perform at the Royal Variety Show. After months of speculation over who will replace David Walliams, it was confirmed that former Strictly Come Dancing star Bruno Tonioli has joined the BGT family. And it seems like this year’s hopefuls are pushing the boundaries for a chance to make it on the live shows. According to reports, a masked magician took the music mogul Simon to the stage and instructed him to sit down. The auditionee later put a hood on Simon’s head, poured a light fluid on it and had his head locked in a box which was then opened at the front for the audience to see inside. The Mirror also claims the magician dropped a flame into the box and his entire head went up in flames. Co-judge Alesha Dixon reportedly exclaimed: ‘Simon, he set your entire head on fire!’ While the Syco boss claimed he had no idea lighter fluid was poured on him. Long-time judge and Little Britain star David has left the series after 10 years, following an apology after ‘disrespectful comments’ about contestants were caught on a microphone. The news was finally confirmed after much speculation by presenters Ant & Dec at the first auditions in London, where Bruno’s name appeared under the big ‘X’ above the stage. Bruno is best known in the UK as a Strictly Come Dancing judge, but in the US is better known as a judge on the American version of the show: Dancing With The Stars. Talking about his BGT gig, he told The Sun: ‘This is the biggest show on British TV, now that I’m here. I mean it. Simon is going to hate that I’ve said that but oh well.’ ‘I have nothing bad to say about Strictly, it changed my life.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to ITV for comment. Britain’s Got Talent returns later this year on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bruno Tonioli admits he’s never seen Britain’s Got Talent as he makes ‘big mistake in auditions’ MORE : Simon Cowell gives the thumbs up as Britain’s Got Talent auditions kick off with ’emotional’ new judge Bruno Tonioli 