Paedophile Gary Glitter is planning to flee the UK and move abroad after his release from jail, it has been claimed. The former popstar’s son Gary Pantoja Sosa has allegedly told close friends that his dad, 78, wants to move away once he is allowed to leave his bail hostel, The Sun has reported. Just a few days ago an angry crowd sparked a disturbance at the entrance to Glitter’s halfway house after he was released from prison. At least five men turned up at the bail hostel where Glitter is staying following his release from prison. One was heard shouting ‘watch out, Glitter’s in there’ at passers-by, while another tried to scale a fence at the entrance and rattled it while hurling abuse. Police were called to the scene by on-site security and dispersed the crowd, drawing loud protests from the group. Glitter was freed from low-security HMP Verne, in Portland, last week after serving half of his 16-year sentence for sexually abusing three schoolgirls. Authorities say he is living under ‘some of the strictest licence conditions’ including a GPS tag and close monitoring by police and probation officers. A resident of the hostel who saw him arrive on Friday told The Sunday Mirror they had ‘seen him a few times but he’s having his meals brought to his room and has stayed there all day’. Glitter’s son, Gary Jnr, is a musician and tattoo artist who lives in Spain. He is yet to meet his father, but the pair are in regular contact. A source told The Sun: ‘Glitter is looking to move as soon as he can. He knows Britain is dangerous. ‘He has a son in Spain and he’s in touch with him and he could go there. ‘He’s told him that’s the plan. He will need to keep a low profile and stay out of the way.’ Glitter, 78, was freed from low-security HMP Verne, in Portland, on Friday after serving half of his 16-year sentence for sexually abusing three schoolgirls. Authorities say he is living under ‘some of the strictest licence conditions’ including a GPS tag and close monitoring by police and probation officers. A resident of the hostel who saw him arrive on Friday told The Sunday Mirror they had ‘seen him a few times but he’s having his meals brought to his room and has stayed there all day’. Glitter fathered Gary Jnr with Yudenia Sosa Martinez while hiding in Cuba in 2001. Soon after the birth Glitter moved to Cambodia. He was deported for suspected child abuse in 2002 and next settled in Vietnam. In 2006 he was jailed there for molesting two girls aged 11 and 12. He was later deported to the UK where in 2015 he was jailed for abusing three girls between 1975-80. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.