A spurned lover stalked a woman he met on Bumble for months before moving into an apartment next door to her. Daniel McNab boasted about owning expensive cars and a portfolio of expensive properties while attempting to woo his victim on the dating app. He struck up a relationship with one woman who later decided to end the relationship. McNab went on to become controlling and obsessive, as he bombarded her with unwanted gifts and watched her as she worked out at a gym. The couple had been in a relationship for around nine months after meeting on the dating app in May 2020, Liverpool Crown Court heard on Friday. But girlfriend Elizabeth Pope soon became ‘suspicious about things she was told’ by McNab, which included claims that he ‘drove expensive cars and had an expensive apartment’. She ended the relationship after Valentine’s Day in 2021, but soon found herself subject to an obsessive stalking campaign. This included ‘non-stop’ emails, phone calls and text messages including requests to ‘meet up and watch football together’ or go for a walk. Ms Pope was eventually forced to block McNab’s number and email address, but he continued to contact her from seven other phone numbers and three email accounts, sending messages ‘asking if she was in a relationship and if she was dating’. One particularly disturbing text from the businessman spoke of ‘how good she looked in the gym today’. In November 2021, McNab – who is listed on Companies House as being the director of a Liverpool city centre-based property consultancy – ‘said he was sorry and wanted to meet for a drink’, prosecutors told the court. Ms Pope then began to receive a slew of calls from withheld numbers ‘at all times of the day and night’, with the line going dead when she picked up. McNab, of Marsh Wall in Canary Wharf, admitted stalking during an earlier hearing. He was handed an 18-month community order and told to complete 100 hours of unpaid work, a rehabilitation activity requirement of up to 20 days and a relationships programme. Sentencing, Recorder Ciaran Rankin said: ‘She became suspicious of you effectively bigging yourself up. She ended the relationship, but you repeatedly contacted her. ‘This was a concerted attempt by you. You followed her to the gym, sent unwanted gifts and secured the tenancy next door to her. ‘That must have been terrifying for her. She felt intimidated by you and scared of your behaviour – she felt unsafe in her own home. ‘You are deeply ashamed, but all the indications are you have moved on into a good job in a distant city. You understand just how serious it is.’ McNab must also pay £1,500 in court costs, compensation of £250 and a victim surcharge within three months. He was handed a restraining order banning him from contacting Ms Pope indefinitely. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.