Jurgen Klopp has launched a staunch defence of Virgil van Dijk after he was singled out for criticism following Tuesday’s humiliating Champions League defeat against Real Madrid. The totemic Dutchman has only just returned from a hamstring injury and suffered a difficult night as the defending European champions ran riot at Anfield and left Merseyside with a scarcely believable 5-2 victory. Van Dijk has been far from his imperious best in recent weeks and former Liverpool defender Carragher went as far to suggest that the side’s lynchpin is now one of the root causes of their defensive frailty. He said: ‘What makes me laugh – I’m not that bothered by it – but Virgil van Dijk said I wouldn’t get in that back four about two months ago. I think I’d take his place at the moment! ‘Some of the players there, Joe Gomez… I mean, look, we’ve all had bad nights as players – and maybe I shouldn’t kick someone when they’re down because I’m sure he feels terrible right now – but I think Liverpool, we keep talking about midfield players they need and that’s right, but I think Liverpool need defenders as well because when they get exposed they can’t defend.’ Van Dijk responded to that criticism by admitting his side’s performances in recent weeks haven’t been up to scratch but reminded his critics that players shouldn’t be treated as robots. He said: ‘Losing is never good and the way we lost today to almost not giving ourselves a chance in Madrid is tough.  ‘We played against Real Madrid, holders of the Champions League, quality players all over the team they can punish you and mistakes you make. ‘Mistakes happen we are not robots and unfortunately it is the case. The only thing we can do is learn from it and focus on the next one to make sure it doesn’t happen.’ Klopp is excepted to make changes for this weekend’s vital Premier League clash against Crystal Palace but handed something of a vote of confidence to Van Dijk. He said: ‘We can see that the boys aren’t at their best. We are not sure all the boys can play yet after Madrid because of knocks. ‘We want to make changes and we will make changes, but when players come back from long injuries, it takes time. That’s the situation with Bobby [Firmino] and Diogo [Jota] and Virg [van Dijk]. ‘Everyone thinks he is a robot, he played the most games last year, every game at a World Cup, gets injured, comes back, plays, plays, plays.’ MORE : Dortmund set asking price for Manchester United, Liverpool or Manchester City to sign Jude Bellingham MORE : Virgil van Dijk’s return can fire Liverpool back to the top four, claims Roy Hodgson For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 