Sharon Stone’s brother has died at the age of 57, causing more heartbreak for the actress. It’s believed that Patrick died suddenly over the weekend, early on Sunday morning in Pennsylvania. A rep for the coroner’s office told TMZ that his death is being ruled as sudden cardiac death due to heart disease. It’s not known whether he was in hospital when he died. The sad news was shared by Patrick’s wife Tasha, who wrote: ‘My heart feels like it’s been ripped out of my chest. Patrick went to be with our sweet River … I don’t know what else to say, he was my world. ‘I’m not sure what life is supposed to look like without my husband by my side and quite honestly I don’t want to, but I will of course. I just hope that you always stay by my side watching over Hunter, Kaylee and I. ‘Until we meet again I will forever hold you and our wonderful (and some not so wonderful but just as important) memories close to my heart and will visit those memories always. I love you honey babe. My wish through  all of this is that now at least River has his daddy with him and I hope the two of you are having the best time.’ River was the couple’s son, who died in 2021 at the age of just 11 months. Announcing the news at the time, Sharon, 64, said her nephew’s organs had failed. After she previously urged fans to pray for a miracle, she shared an Instagram post of the little one. ‘River William Stone – Sept. 8, 2020 – Aug. 30, 2021,’ Sharon captioned it. The Basic Instinct star later revealed that her nephew helped save three lives through organ donations after his death. Sharon revealed her godson’s family were struggling with the ‘tragic loss’ as she highlighted the importance of organ donations. Speaking to People magazine, she said: ‘The fact that my godson was able to save three lives, two infants and a 45-year-old man was sanctuary for our family. ‘I can only say that you never, never know when a tragedy will happen in your life or in your family, but this opportunity be an organ donor, it saved us, saved our family.’ She continued: ‘Many people have many different thoughts about this, but in the end, it gave us some peace.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Machine Gun Kelly dedicated song ‘to the ladies’ hours before Megan Fox sparked split rumours MORE : The Flash trailer drums up anger and boycott threats as people slam Ezra Miller’s role in wake of multiple arrests  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 