A ‘selfish’ drunk driver killed his 21-year-old passenger after he refused to stop for the police, sped off and crashed. Charlie Hilton has been jailed for 10 years and six months following the collision on Christmas Day in 2021. The 25-year-old was part of a group of friends that had enjoyed a visit to Winter Wonderland in the west end of London. After the Christmas event, they went to a pub in Morden before accepting a lift home from Hilton in his mother’s car. The Old Bailey heard how Hilton was over the drink drive limit and overloaded the Mercedes with five passengers, which included 21-year-old Lillie Clack. A police car then came up behind them with blue lights on, the Old Baily heard. Hilton was ordered to stop but refused to do so, and instead sped up to more than 70mph on residential roads and, at one point, reached 100mph in a 40mph zone. ‘The defendant’s response to being told to pull over was silence and he continued driving at high speed,’ the prosecution said. The police car lost sight of the Mercedes about a mile from where Hilton had lost control, crashed into a tree, flipped over and burst into flames in Carshalton, south London. Locals on the street grabbed fire extinguishers and rushed to help but Lillie was fatally injured and died days later. Three other passengers were badly hurt, including her boyfriend Jack Watson and best friend Delia Casey. Lillie’s mum, Debbie, said: ‘The beautiful person who grew inside me has been taken away too soon. My heart has been shattered into a million pieces.’ She also told the court that Hilton’s behaviour after the crash had impacted the family. She explained: ‘Throughout the year he has been free to live his life as if nothing has happened. ‘He was plastered all over social media enjoying life as he did not give a fig about Lillie or her family. His actions make it seems like he just did not care.’ Lillie’s aunt Donna Barnham added: ‘Lillie just went out one day to have fun. She did not come home. She was killed, her life taken away because of another person and that person, Charlie Hilton, made a choice. ‘He did not listen to our Lillie and his passengers pleading with him to stop. He continued to drive at speed and killed our princess. The selfish choices he made killed our little baby.’ Hilton’s defence lawyer said her client took full responsibility for his ‘thoughtless’ behaviour. ‘He wished he could turn the clock back. He will never forgive himself,’ she added. Hilton, from Tadworth, Surrey, pleaded guilty to causing Ms Clack’s death by dangerous driving, three counts of causing serious injury, failing to stop when directed and driving above the alcohol limit On top of his jail sentence, he was banned from driving for five years. Judge Sarah Munro KC branded Hilton’s actions ‘stupid and selfish’. She said: ‘Lillie Clack was the only daughter to her mother Debbie. She was her mother’s pride and joy and constant companion. ‘She lit up the lives of all she came into contact with and was extremely hard-working. She lived her life to the full at work and at play.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.