Jason Manford revealed his grandmother Leah was rushed to hospital hours before he was due to board a plane ahead of his holiday. The 41-year-old comedian posted an update on social media, explaining to fans why he wouldn’t be donning a pair of shorts any time soon. Alongside a snap of Leah’s hospital admission wristband, he commended the 99-year-old for being such a ‘trooper’ on Instagram last Tuesday night. He added that he would be cancelling plans to jet off abroad to keep his grandmother company while she spent the night being cared for in A&E. As a caption for his post, the funnyman penned: ‘Was packing for a holiday 3 hours ago and now in Wythenshawe A&E with Nana Manford! Staff have been incredible & at 99 she is being an absolute trooper! Come on Nana, we gotta get to 100! [sic]’. Plenty of well-wishes poured in underneath the Starstruck judges post including a note from Carol Vorderman who said: ‘Come on Nana Manford’. Harry Hill also commented: ‘Wishing Nana Manford a speedy recovery’, while a fan offered words of encouragement: ‘These older people are as strong as an ox! My MIL is 90 next week and four weeks ago she was given two days to live! She’s still going strong [sic]’. Nana Manford had featured on the star’s social media before when he uploaded a heartfelt video of the elderly lady in 2017. In the sweet video, Jason played Leah his album A Different Stage, following which she was seen wiping away tears. He captioned the adorable moment: ‘Finally to my grandad and nana Manford – Charlie and Leah – who every Sunday at their house would play so many old songs and tunes from musicals that they became ingrained in my own musical taste to this day.’ The footage captured the pair as they sang along to Jason’s cover of Leah’s favourite song – Perry Como’s 1970 hit It’s Impossible. ‘That’s why I make music, to make older ladies cry,’ the comedian was heard joking in the background on the short video. Amid the health scare, Jason is set to reprise his role as a judge on ITV1’s Starstruck, returning with its latest addition Shania Twain on Saturday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jason Manford hopes to hit the right notes with his own potential musical MORE : Jason Manford says politicians should be ‘mortified’ at rise in use of food banks in UK: ‘It’s a mess’ 