Jeremy Clarkson was absolutely fuming after his Diddly Squat restaurant opening did not go to plan. The former Top Gear host, 62, has been plagued by problems with the eaterie, which has been the subject of an ongoing council row. Having been issued with enforcement notices, The Grand Tour star found his way around planning regulations, by instead opening the restaurant in a barn, as revealed in the latest season of Clarkson’s Farm. In episode 8, titled Climaxing, of the latest instalment of the Amazon Prime series, Clarkson is seen finally opening Diddly Squat to the public but it turns out to be a bit of a nightmare. The broadcaster is seen in good spirits discussing the menu which is based on, yep, you guessed it, beef, including bone marrow and beef pasties, before things turn sour. As issues start to mount up, Clarkson said he was preying Clarkson’s Farm wouldn’t turn into ‘one of those reality shows where everything goes wrong against the clock.’ But it appears he tempted fate, with Clarkson soon after breaking out into several foul-mouthed rants, including when he found paint discarded in the restaurant just 30 minutes before opening. ‘What the f***ing hell is paint doing here?’ he said, as guests began arriving while they were still cleaning the ‘chaos’ in the eaterie. Stressed, Clarkson continued that he ‘didn’t have time’ to finish all the preparation, noting they had two sittings to accommodate. ‘It’s just beyond a tip. Nothing’s been cooked,’ he raged. ‘I’ll have to put on the menu: Warning some of these dishes may contain Jeremy Clarkson’s forehead sweat.’ Things go from bad to worse when an electrical fault means the cooking equipment isn’t working, with Kaleb Cooper forced to warn customers of a delay. As technicians get to work, a panicking Clarkson approached a worker who has rocked up in a car.’ He fumed: ‘Here’s a tip if you have got a job to do, get out of the car and f****** run because we need to move this car. ‘Oh f***ing hell there’s another coming, who’s this?’ he raged to another driver. Speaking in a voiceover, Clarkson said: ‘At this point, I realised that my inner Gordon Ramsey was doing more harm than good. So I made a decision.’ Clarkson then told his team that he was ‘going to remove myself now’ before jumping into his range rover and driving off. ‘I just love how our host is leaving about five minutes after our restaurant was supposed to open,’ a team member sighed. The kitchen nightmare comes after Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso) launched an investigation into the vile column written by Clarkson for The Sun newspaper about Meghan Markle. In the article, Clarkson said he hated the Duchess and dreamed of her being paraded through British towns and publicly shamed. It became Ipso’s most complained-about article after its publication, receiving more than 25,100 complaints, and was widely condemned by the public, including from Clarkson’s own daughter Emily. Clarkson later apologised for the piece, describing his language as ‘disgraceful’ and said he was ‘profoundly sorry’. The Sun also apologised and said it regretted the publication of the column, which was removed online. Prince Harry branded the article about his wife ‘horrific, hurtful and cruel’ during an interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby to discuss his autobiography Spare, adding that what Clarkson had written would encourage people around the world to believe it is an acceptable way to treat women Clarkson’s Farm is available to stream on Amazon Prime. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grinning Jeremy Clarkson returns to Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? after investigation into vile Meghan Markle remarks MORE : Jeremy Clarkson takes swipe at James May for supporting ‘leftie’ speed limits 