Food waste not only makes a dent in our bank balances, but it’s terrible for the environment, too. So in a bid to help customers with the cost of living crisis – and with the planet in mind – Sainsbury’s has unveiled a new scheme to reduce wastage. The supermarket is rolling out new £2 fruit and vegetable boxes in more than 200 stores across the country from this week. These ‘Taste Me, Don’t Waste Me’ boxes will include surplus fresh fruit and veg at a lower price – to make nutritious foods more affordable, as costs continue to soar. The move has come about to coincide with Sainsbury’s pledge to halve food waste by 2023. It also echoes the supermarket’s decision last year to remove ‘best before’ dates on more than 100 product lines, including pears, onions, tomatoes and citrus fruits – with more to follow. Richard Crampton, the director of fresh food at the supermarket, said: ‘At Sainsbury’s we’re committed to helping our customers access tasty, nutritious food that’s better for them and the planet too. ‘It’s great to see that shoppers have been enjoying the “Taste Me, Don’t Waste Me” boxes, which is why we’re really pleased to roll out the trial to over 200 supermarkets, helping even more people across the country. ‘We believe that everyone deserves to eat well at an affordable price, and we hope this additional support will ensure that good quality food doesn’t go to waste.’ The new initiative follows in the footsteps of other supermarkets that have rolled out similar schemes – such as Morrison’s, which debuted its own boxes back in 2019, while Aldi announced it would launch £3.30 ‘Magic Bags’ earlier this month. To help those struggling with food bills at the moment, Sainsbury’s is also offering £2 top-up coupons – as part of the Government-funded NHS Healthy Start scheme – to help low-income families purchase fresh, frozen and tinned fruit and vegetables. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your air fryer could be the key to perfect pancakes this Shrove Tuesday MORE : Chef shares hacks for the perfect pancake toss (and where you’re going wrong) MORE : The nation’s favourite supermarket has been revealed