Moises Caicedo was denied ‘the dream of his whole life’ when Brighton rejected a bid for him from Arsenal, says his agent, who worries the opportunity may never arise again. The Gunners offered around £70m for the midfielder shortly before the transfer window closed, but the Seagulls were unmoved and kept hold of the Ecuador international. Having already lost Leandro Trossard to Arsenal earlier in January, Brighton were not willing to let another of their first team players go against their will, and even with the huge offer for the 21-year-old, they stood firm. Caicedo’s agent Manuel Sierra says that he and his client were left frustrated by the situation as a switch to the Emirates is a dream for the young star. ‘The offers were received, you see what is on the table and Moises says that he wants to go forward, that it is the dream of his whole life. That it is an opportunity that may not be repeated in life,’ Sierra told Marca90Ec, via Olé and Sport Witness. Between Sierra and Caicedo, they tried to force through the move before the transfer deadline by posting a message on social media making it clear the player wanted to leave Brighton. The post on Instagram and Twitter from Caicedo’s accounts read: ‘I am grateful to Mr. Bloom [owner and chairman] and Brighton for giving me the chance to come to the Premier League and I feel I have always done my best for them. I always play football with a smile and with heart. ‘I am the youngest of 10 siblings from a poor upbringing in Santa Domingo in Ecuador. My dream always to be the most decorated player in the history of Ecuador. ‘I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful. ‘The fans have taken me into their hearts and they will always be in my heart so I hope they can understand why I want to take up this magnificent opportunity.’ Of that attempt to engineer a move, Sierra said: ‘We helped draft the statement. In that statement he expresses his wish and his gratitude to the club because they gave him the chance to fulfil his dream of playing in the Premier League. ‘We don’t know what can happen tomorrow, maybe he trains and gets injured. We can’t know what’s going to happen.’ MORE : Arsenal discussed signing two different midfielders as Moises Caicedo alternative before buying Jorginho from Chelsea MORE : Arsenal attempts to sign Moises Caicedo have soured relationship with Brighton with summer move now ‘less likely’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 