Harry Styles brought a whole lotta sparkle to Sunday night’s Grammys and it doesn’t sound as though we’re going to see Ben Shephard presenting Good Morning Britain in something similar anytime soon. Harry, 29, slipped into three different looks throughout the evening – but it was the tinsel-inspired jumpsuit he donned to perform As It Was that was his most eye-catching. And the outfit certainly caught 48-year-old Ben’s eye, with the presenter poking fun at the all-in-one while presenting GMB alongside Susanna Reid on Monday. As photos of the former One Directioner’s outfits flashed up on screen, Susanna, 52, said: ‘My goodness. [Harry’s] outfit changes.’ Ben then noted: ‘Typically it was the female performers that would change and have lots of different outfits. I think he changed three or four times over the course of the evening.’ Poking fun at Harry’s jumpsuit, the TV star added: ‘Look at that. It’s like he’s been sucked into a box of Christmas decorations.’ ‘Isn’t it just?’ Susanna chimed in. ‘It’s something off the Christmas tree. Looking fabulous.’ It was one hell of a night for Harry, who beat Beyonce and Adele to win the coveted album of the year gong. As Grammys host Trevor Noah announced his name, Harry clutched his face and hugged Lizzo before giving a warm embrace to a very special superfan from Ontario, Canada 78-year-old grandmother Reina who got the chance to present him with the award on-stage. Pretty much summing up everyone’s reaction, the As It Was hitmaker’s first word when taking the stage was: ‘S**t.’ He then said in his acceptance speech: ‘Man, I’ve been so, so inspired by every artist in this category with me. A lot of different times in my life, I listened to everyone in this category when I’m alone. ‘I feel like on nights like tonight, there is no such thing as “best in music”. I don’t think any of us sit in the studio making decisions based on what’s gonna get us one of these.’ He added: ‘This is really really kind … this doesn’t happen to people like me very often, and this is so nice, thank you very much.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Smith and Kim Petras make LGBTQ+ history with Grammy win and stunning speech has people in tears MORE : Grammy Awards 2023: Here’s what everyone was wearing on the red carpet 