Rebel Wilson shared rare moments with her daughter Royce Lillian on social media and debuted the infant’s face for the first time on Friday. The 42-year-old actress welcomed the tot via surrogate just over three months ago and proved she was fully embracing motherhood in the sweet footage. Lounging in a comfy chair at her Los Angeles home, the star cradled her tiny baby girl as she positioned her phone above the pair to capture the moment on film. Rebel shares Royce with her entrepreneurial partner Ramona Agruma, 38, and dressed the newborn in a pale pink onesie for the occasion. The Pitch Perfect actress scraped her blonde tresses into a ponytail and donned a cosy ensemble of a beige fleece zip-up over a plain white tee while she held her child. Royce was introduced to the world in November, after the famous face announced on her social media she had given birth via surrogate. During the video, fans were offered a never-seen-before glimpse of the little girl’s face and watched on as she playfully stuck her tongue out at her dotting mum – who mimicked the expression back to her camera. In her announcement post, the star revealed how starting a family of her own had been something she had dreamed of for years. Alongside a picture of the tiny infant in a pale pink baby grow and unicorn socks, Rebel penned her thanks to Royce’s surrogate and introduced the latest member of her family to her social media network. She said: ‘Beyond proud to announce the birth of my first child, Royce Lillian, born this past week via surrogate I can’t even describe the love I have for her, she’s a beautiful miracle! ‘I can’t even describe the love I have for her, she’s a beautiful miracle! I am forever grateful to everyone who has been involved, (you know who you are), this has been years in the making…but particularly wanted to thank my gorgeous surrogate who carried her and birthed her with such grace and care.’ The actress then gushed over her ‘amazing gift’ and highlighted how she was coping so far as a new mum, saying: ‘Thank you for helping me start my own family, it’s an amazing gift. The BEST gift!! ‘I am ready to give little Roycie all the love imaginable. I am learning quickly…much respect to all the Mums out there! Proud to be in your club.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rebel Wilson takes brutal swipe at gossip columnist who ‘threatened to out her as gay’ MORE : Rebel Wilson and Ramona Agruma unfazed by mum-shaming as they take newborn daughter Royce Lillian on first outing  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 