A gunman opened fire on two television journalists reporting on a murder near Orlando, Florida, on Wednesday, killing one and wounding the other. The suspect then fatally shot a nine-year-old girl and wounded her mother in a nearby home, authorities said. The reporter, an Orlando TV news employee, and the child were killed in the Pine Hills area. Orange County Sheriff John Mina said the journalists had been filming the scene of a homicide investigation. It was not immediately known why the news crew was targeted. Keith Melvin Moses, 19, has been arrested and charged with murder in connection with the incident, Mina said. He is expected to face charges for four shootings, including the one that killed the journalist. Deputies received reports of two shootings shortly after 4pm. In one of the incidents, on Hialeah Street, deputies had been investigating another shooting in which a woman in her 20s was killed around 11am. Deputies also found a Spectrum News 13 journalist and a photographer shot. The photographer was last listed in critical condition. After shooting the news crew, the suspect is believed to have gone to a home on Harrington Street and shot the nine-year-old girl. The girl died, and her mother was also shot and is in critical condition. ‘It is with deep sadness that @RTDNA learns of the death of a @MyNews13 journalist in Orlando,’ tweeted Radio Television Digital News Association CEO Dan Shelley. ‘He was 1 of 2 of the station’s journalists shot covering a previous crime in a residential area. Sending thoughts of peace and comfort to their families, friends & the other victims.’ Moses has a ‘lengthy’ criminal history, according to Mina. The sheriff listed out the charges against Mr Moses, including gun charges, aggravated battery, assault with a deadly weapon, burglary and grand theft charges last night. He told a press conference: ‘It is unclear if [the suspect] knew if they were news media or not,” Mr Mina said. ‘We’re still trying to work all of that out. That vehicle was almost exactly in the same spot as the vehicle from the homicide this morning. So it’s unclear why exactly they were targeted. ‘I want to acknowledge what a horrible day this has been for our community and our media partners,” Mr Mina said. ‘I work closely with all of you… no one in our community — not a mother, not a 9-year-old, certainly not news professionals — should become the victim of gun violence.’ White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre posted a message of condolence on Twitter. ‘Our hearts go out to the family of the journalist killed today and the crew member injured in Orange County, Florida, as well as the whole Spectrum News team,’ she said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.