Piers Morgan has been heavily criticised after posting a photo of Madonna at Sunday night’s Grammys. The TV host was branded ‘spiteful’ for sharing an image of the hitmaker at the star-studded bash and mocking her appearance. Alongside a photo of 64-year-old Madonna, Piers, 57, wrote: ‘I thought Halloween was in October?’ The backlash was swift and many of the controversial pundit’s two million followers rushed to the comment section of his post to make their thoughts known. ‘So awful comments about someone’s appearance are apparently OK if they are started by a “celebrity”? What a spiteful world we live in,’ penned one social media user. Another echoed: ‘Ah mate I [am] usually am on board with a lot of stuff you say but this is uncalled for,’ while someone else said: ‘Ah, the old bullying technique. No matter what Madonna looks like, that’s her decision, no need to name call.’ Other comments included: ‘Why are you shaming her? Shame on you!’, ‘Stop. So uncalled for, have you looked in the mirror recently’ and ‘Unnecessary and bloody rude. Leave the icon alone.’ The Queen of Pop rocked up to the 65th Annual Grammy Awards in LA on Sunday wearing a stylish black tuxedo and even hopped on stage to introduce Sam Smith and Kim Petras, who belted out their banger Unholy. Sam and Kim won a Grammy for best pop duo at the bash, making the latter the first trans woman to scoop one of the coveted music awards and Sam the first non-binary artist to do so. People were moved to tears by hitmaker Kim’s speech, with the star paying tribute to fellow trans musician Sophie, who tragically died in 2021. Kim said: ‘I just want to thank all the incredible transgender legends before me who take these doors open for me so I couldn’t be here tonight.’ She went on: ‘Sophie especially, my friend who passed away two years ago, told me this would happen and always believed in me. ‘Thank you so much for your inspiration, Sophie. I adore you and your inspiration will forever be in my music.’ Elsewhere, Kim thanked Madonna for ‘fighting for LGBTQ rights’ and also gave her mum an emotional shout out, noting: ‘I grew up next to a highway in Germany. ‘And my mother believed me that I was a girl and I wouldn’t be here without her and her support and everyone who believed in me to this point.’ Beyonce also made history on Sunday, becoming the most decorated artist at the Grammys. The trophy, the latest in her cabinet, took her total Grammy wins up to 32 – leapfrogging the previous holder of the record, conductor Georg Solti. Elsewhere, Adele took home the award for best pop solo performance, thanks to her iconic track Easy On Me and Harry Styles won the coveted album of the year award. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Piers’ reps for comment. MORE : Jonah Hill and Lauren London’s kiss in Netflix’s You People was bizarrely CGI, claims co-star Andrew Schulz amid criticism of ‘uncomfortable chemistry’ MORE : Janet Street-Porter jokes about her infamous infidelity and reveals ex-husband found her in boot of car with boyfriend  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 