A new biopic is coming that focuses on Kate Moss, one of the biggest names in fashion and modelling history. Portrayed by Ellie Bamber, the film will be called Moss & Freud, and will hone in on the moment the supermodel sat for painter Lucian Freud in 2002. He painted her while she was pregnant, and the portrait sold for nearly $8,000,000 [£6,636,500]. No matter your thoughts on the model, her impact on the fashion world has been phenomenal. When you think of the word ‘models’, you naturally think of Kate Moss. From her copious runway looks and causing a frenzy by designing for Topshop, to fronting iconic Rimmel makeup campaigns and even being tied to the controversial ‘heroin chic’ pop culture faze, there’s no part of the industry left untouched by her influence. In light of the upcoming film, we’re looking back at some of her looks over the last few decades – from chic to sheer. There are some of the standouts through the years. Kate began modelling two years before this aged 14 – here, at 16, you can see her early success working in Milan on runway shows. A teenage Kate with darker hair that quickly became blonde – and the colour she’d go on to be known for having. In a structured timeless style for a New York runway show. An outfit that feels ahead of its time, as sheer dresses with visible underwear are all the rage now among celebrities like Kylie Jenner. As always, Kate was pushing boundaries. Here she was eight years into her modelling career here and continuously working with the biggest names in fashion. Thickly lined eyes and messy blonde hair – this was the ‘London look’ Brits saw for years alongside Rimmel launches. Portrayed as the girl next door with a rock’n’roll vibe, Kate was the natural go-to. Taken the same year, this shows the Kate we’re used to seeing off the runway – in casual jeans and black clothing, she’s always been minimalist in her style. This was taken back in the Topshop heyday, when everyone wanted a piece of what Kate Moss touched. Here she is again in a laid-back ‘jeans and a top’ outfit – it’s the epitome of her understated fashion sense. Kate in a party outfit, which is the phase some people know her best for. Often in all black with a punky twist – like this studding and corset detail – she keeps it classic. Here again ready for a party, Kate’s short statement snake dress is in keeping with her usual going-out attire. In the 2010s, Kate’s style gets a bit louder. She’s often seen in animal print jackets, bright florals, and colourful knits – which is very different to her taste now. Kate’s style has matured into a structured affair, often with cool blouses and trousers – just like here. Synonymous with British style and fashion, this isn’t the first time Kate has been paired with a Union Jack-inspired item. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Ellie Bamber to play Kate Moss in biopic about her unlikely relationship with Lucian Freud