Rishi Sunak might not be the best person to call on during the music segment of the pub quiz, as he appears to be a little confused about his favourite artist Bob Marley. In an interview airing tonight on TalkTV’s Uncensored, the Prime Minister sat down for a grilling by Piers Morgan at Downing Street to discuss his first 100 days in office. Likely trying to break the ice, Piers, 57, asked the PM if he had a similar mantra to his predecessor Tony Blair, who apparently had a fish at Downing Street that sang the classic song Don’t Worry Be Happy. Mr Sunak, 42, replied: ‘I have my wife but she doesn’t sing Don’t Worry Be Happy, but we do love Bob Marley.’ Piers quickly moved onto the next topic without noticing that Mr Sunak perhaps made a blunder about the late reggae legend. Music fans will be aware that Marley and the Wailers sang Three Little Birds which includes the lyrics ‘don’t worry about a thing, because every little thing is gonna be alright’, released in 1977. This is not to be confused by the song Don’t Worry Be Happy which was sung by Bobby McFerrin in 1988. As further evidence that he did indeed mix up the singers, Mr Sunak made reference to Mr Blair’s singing fish in relation to Marley later in the interview. Mr Sunak’s blunder didn’t go unnoticed by viewers, with one tweeting: ‘The only thing of interest so far is that Rishi Sunak thinks Bob Marley sang Dont worry be happy. It was Bobby Mcferrin.’ Another said: ‘”Don’t Worry Be Happy” is definitely a Bob Marley song @RishiSunak,’ with a sarcastic thumbs up. Schooling the PM on his dodgy music knowledge, one other viewer weighed in: ‘But…but…Bobby McFerrin sang that. Bob Marley sang Three Little Birds.’ When they weren’t riffing about music taste, Piers challenged the Conservative Party leader on the ongoing industrial strikes and his Government’s policy to send asylum seekers to Rwanda. It’s certainly been an eventful 100 days for the new PM, who has faced sleaze claims against his party, the NHS falling into crisis and the worst strike action in a decade. Last month, he set out five pledges for 2023 – to halve inflation, grow the economy, make sure national debt falls, reduce NHS waiting times and pass new laws to stop small boats crossing the Channel. On the economic crisis, Mr Sunak insisted he can get the economy growing again ‘this year’ as he urged people to ‘have hope’ that things will get better. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan stands outside Number 10 after grilling Rishi Sunak in PM’s ‘longest interview ever’ MORE : Piers Morgan brands Alan Cumming ‘comically disingenuous’ after Scottish actor labels TalkTV host ‘lump of ignorance’ 