A quick guide to – or reminder of – the bonkersness of You comes within the first few minutes of its fourth season. There’s a recap detailing that Joe (Penn Badgley, perfectly balancing reserved charm with creepily obsessive serial-killer tendencies) killed his wife in suburban America before she killed him, at which point he cut off his own toes and burned their house down so it looked like a murder-suicide. He then dropped his son off with a mate and went to Paris to try and find his mistress. So how is Joe, now he’s restarted his life under a new identity (and beard) as a raffish uni lecturer in the rarefied circles of upper class London? Basically, faintly exasperated, darkly amused and never short of a snide quip. And when another dead body turns up in his flat after a private members’ club booze-up, he’s not traumatised as much as faintly irritated by the fact he’s going to have to chop the body up at a sawmill. That is – and always has been – the love-it-or-hate-it charm of You. It takes on dark material with a shrug of the shoulders. Any deranged set piece is an opportunity for Badgley’s gravelly internal monologue to come to the fore. Smashing through the fourth wall like this makes You deliriously unrealistic, exceptionally annoying – and brilliantly self-aware. As suspicion begins to zero in on the characters at the private members club and another one of the group violently meets their end, it’s impossible not to make enjoyable comparisons with classic English murder mysteries. In literally the next scene, Joe is sitting with a pile of Christie novels. When he tries to work out what is going on, art gallery owner Kate (Charlotte Ritchie) tells him to ‘Stop playing s****y Sherlock.’ That’s how playful You is amid the sex, drugs and murder. That’s why the social set Joe is embroiled in, full of toffs fiddling on their Insta and crying fake tears, feels like it’s lifted straight from the worst excesses of The Royals – and yet it doesn’t matter. The writing is so true to its world, so energetic, that You becomes escapist, binge-watching nonsense. Whether you make it through the first ten minutes though, is, well, up to You. Streaming on Netflix from today. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cheat on Netflix… Do we really need to pay to watch another gameshow?