Airbnb offers some of the most popular, historical, and top of the world stays for folks all around the globe. Two homes on the accommodation site are rarely alike. In fact, some are so unique, they might warrant the wildest stay you’ve ever had. To pay homage to these, Airbnb has compiled a list of 300 of its most remarkable properties – including a Cold war-era missile tower, a serpent-inspired home, and a vertebrae-resonant property. The unique places are located all over the world including Mexico, the U.S and even the UK. Intrigued? Here are a few to save for later… Nestled in Somerset, South West England, you’ll find the Tree Tent – a spherical structure suspended between two trees. It includes a double bed, solar-powered LED lights and a wood-burning stove. While it has plenty of modern amenities, one thing you won’t find is Wi-Fi, being on a tree and all, so perhaps it’s best for a detox weekend. One of the most unique-looking properties you may lay eyes on is the Kellogg Doolittle house in California, named after its architect Kendrick Bangs Kellogg and artist Bev Doolittle who commissioned it. The cast-concrete vertebrae structure home spans 4,643 square feet and took 20 years to build. You’ll find this place in a quiet area of the Joshua Tree national park which is an hour away from Palm Springs. The property has three bedrooms, a hot tub, an outdoor bar, a wood firepit and parking for six cars. If you’re more of a history buff and would prefer something from the Cold War, then this missile silo is also listed on Airbnb. You’ll be able to stay in the living quarters in this property – which are located in the launch control centre that leads to a 186-foot missile silo in Roswell in New Mexico. Around 1961, 12 intercontinental ballistic missile silos, such as this, were built – but the program was shut down just a few years later, as liquid-fuelled rockets became more uncommon. The upper level of this control centre was converted into a home and office and it features books and displays on US missile history. It’s no surprise that Bali also makes the list, given all the stunning stays on offer. This particular accommodation, the Aura House, is a bamboo structure in the Indonesian tourist hub. The house sits on top of the Ayung River, which is the longest river on the island of Bali. The three-story villa is made entirely of locally grown Asper bamboo. One of the more peculiar stays is this snake-shaped apartment building, 10 miles north-west of Mexico city. Quetzalcoatl’s Nest, which has the outline of a snake, consists of ten separate apartments spanning 16,500 square feet. It was designed by Mexican architect Javier Senosiai – who was inspired by nature. Quetzalcoatl is a feathered-serpent deity, responsible for life and death, that comes from Aztec culture and literature. One of the most striking parts is a 165-foot tall serpent’s head whose mouth opens to a cave. But why bother with all that space when you could just live in a cube? Designed to be environmentally-friendly hotel-like stays, these pods are in remote places around Norway. This particular one is located in Gaular on the west coast of Norway, close to the Norwegian sea. Here, you’ll find a queen-sized bed and windows on three of the cubes faces with a direct view of two peaks, Storehesten and Lillehesten, around 1,000 meters above sea level. But the bad news is that the toilet is not inside the premises, it’s contained in a separate unit. Plus, the closest supermarket is a nearby town – a 15-minute trek away. Do you have a story you want to share? Email MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk to tell us more. MORE : You can meet Seth Rogen if you stay at his Airbnb – and it’s an absolute bargain MORE : Fancy a ‘soliday’? EasyJet is launching packages with discounts for solo travellers MORE : ‘Slow travel’ is surging – here’s everything to know and what it looks like in 2023 