A vigil held in memory of Brianna Ghey was interrupted by a group of young men who gatecrashed the event to hurl homophobic abuse at attendees. The fatal stabbing of 16-year-old Brianna has sparked an outpouring of grief throughout the country, which has seen thousands take to the streets to hold candlelit vigils in her memory. But one such vigil held in Birmingham on Friday night (February 17) was temporarily disrupted after a group of men yelled anti-LGBTQ abuse at the gathered mourners. People could be heard shouting ‘f*** LGBT rights’ and other homophobic slurs at the event. Mourners in the crowd were heard responding: ‘No one’s telling you to be here,’ while another implores the group to ‘calm down now please’. A further video shared by ‘I am Birmingham’ on Twitter shared a separate moment during the event where an interview with Birmingham trans activist Eva Echo was interrupted by another group shouting ‘f*** LGBT f*** you all.’ ‘And that’s exactly why we need to come together,’ Eva told the interviewer in response to the abuse. ‘That hate, that ignorance, comes from an area of lack of understanding and people aren’t born full of hate,’ they noted. ‘That hate is learnt and picked up, so the more that we can be visible, the more that we can educate, the more we can stamp out hate completely.’ ‘We stand with Brianna and send our condolences to Brianna’s family in this difficult time,’ said Adam Khan, co-facilitator of TranSpectrum. ‘[It] will leave a lasting impact on Brianna’s loved ones – this is a great loss to our community.’ A sprawling crowd of mourners, which included members of the LGBTQ+ community, had poured into Birmingham’s Gay Village to pay their respects to the 16-year-old girl from Warrington. Those in attendance brandished signs which read ‘Brum Against Hate’ and ‘Say Her Name’. Meanwhile donations on a GoFundMe crowdfunding page set up for Brianna’s family have passed £100,000. A statement from Brianna’s family reads: ‘Brianna was a much-loved daughter, granddaughter, and baby sister. ‘She was a larger-than-life character who would leave a lasting impression on all that met her. Brianna was beautiful, witty and hilarious. Brianna was strong, fearless and one of a kind.” A number of local politicians were present at the gathering. Kings Norton councillor Alex Aitkenm said: ‘So proud of our city for coming out in force to stand against hate, and to mourn for the life that Brianna Ghey deserved but that was cruelly taken away from her. ‘We must do better. We need to challenge transphobia and stand up for trans rights. Rest in pride, Brianna. Brianna was found with stab wounds in a village park in Cheshire on Saturday, February 11, where she was pronounced dead at the scene. Cheshire Police initially said they did not believe the attack was a hate crime. However, they later said all lines of inquiry were being explored, including hate crime. A boy and a girl, both 15, have been charged with her murder and appeared in court earlier this week. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.