Lizzo and Adele proved once again why they are the reigning Queens of our hearts after confessing to getting bladdered at the Grammy awards. The Good As Hell singer, 34, and the Hello hitmaker, 34, were sat next to each other at the glitzy bash and it sounds like chaos ensued. In what reminds us of our student days sneaking in booze into a sweaty Oceania, the true legends smuggled in multiple flasks brimming with tequila and white wine. Apparently turning their nose up at the champagne, the ultimate huns instead swigged on some good ol’ sauvignon blanc but may have struggled to remember the rest of the night. Hey, we’ve all been there. Lizzo explained: ‘I legitimately was so drunk. Me and Adele were drinking so much that we didn’t even really know what the categories were at this point.’ She continued to Elvis Duran and the Morning Show: ‘We were like, “Wait. Did they do best new artist?” ‘We didn’t even know when it was time and they would just call out names so we were like, “Smile, smile.” The Truth Hurts performer admitted she’d brought in flasks of tequila as well as white wine for Adele. ‘But then I drank hers,’ Lizzo confessed laughing before adding: ‘I had so many flasks. I had like three flasks at the table. Always be prepared.’ Amen. The About Damn Time singer, who won record of the year at the bash, also revealed she was completely shocked when she was announced winner of the award. She added: ‘When they called my name I was in total shock because I didn’t expect to win at all, let alone a big one.’ As well as boozing with her pal Lizzo, Adele achieved one of her dreams by meeting Dwayne Johnson, aka The Rock, for the first time at the Grammys. To kick off the ceremony, host Trevor Noah informed the audience that the two had never met before The Rock snuck up on Adele and gave her a bear hug. The Rolling in the Deep hitmaker looked visibly shocked before bursting into laughter. It was just two years ago that Adele revealed she would ‘actually cry’ if she ever got the chance to meet Dwayne. ‘I was the biggest wrestling fan when I was younger,’ she told Nikkie de Jager in December 2021. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lizzo reveals Adele’s real reaction to Harry Styles’ Grammy win – and she looks pretty shocked MORE : Lizzo ‘hard launches’ boyfriend Myke Wright and they look smitten  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 