Emmerdale stars have been flocking to the home of Vanessa Woodfield actress Michelle Hardwick for the chance to meet her adorable baby, Betty. Michelle gave birth to Betty, the second child she shares with producer wife Kate Brooks, back in November, just before character Vanessa departed the Emmerdale village for a new job in Canada. However, she still has plenty of contacts back in the village, many of which have already paid the family a visit. In recent days co-stars including Natalie Ann Jamieson, Olivia Bromley, Karen Blick and Fiona Wade have all popped round for a cuddle or two with the new baby. Michelle posted photos of each visit to Instagram alongside sweet captions. ‘Gorgeous evening last night when these two beauties came round. Teddy and Betty are big fans,’ she added to a photo of Olivia and Natalie, who play Dawn Taylor and Amy Wyatt respectively, holding baby Betty. ‘And they have two big fans too,’ Natalie responded, adding: ‘Beautiful babas, beautiful mamas, beautiful night’ followed by some kisses. Fiona, who also recently departed the village when character Priya left for a new job in London, called her time with the family ‘gorgeous’, saying: ‘Gorgeous afternoon with you guys. ‘Betty is such a beautiful little doll, I love her!! Love you all so much!’ While Betty was centre stage for the photos, Michelle and Kate’s first son Teddy was also involved in the gatherings, with Michelle sharing an adorable picture of Lydia Dingle star Karen showing him something on her phone. Michelle was eager to show of the ‘beautiful morning’ they had had together, and that she always had ‘the best time’ with her ‘beautiful friend’. It seems there is never a dull moment in the Brooks household, with Paddy Kirk actor Dominic Brunt also having paid a visit previously. And it is not just Emmerdale stars that have been popping round for a brew, as Coronation Street star Amy Robbins also dropped by. Amy and Michelle met on the set of The Royal, exactly 20 years prior to her visit to see baby Betty. The pair have been firm friends ever since, with Michelle asking Amy to be Betty’s godmother. Amy made her Coronation Street debut earlier this year, playing Daisy Midgeley’s (Charlotte Jordan) mum, Christina. However, it was only a short stint, with filming having wrapped for her already. While many of us are eager to see Vanessa back in the Emmerdale village, it is lovely to see Michelle enjoying her maternity leave, surrounded by friends and family. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : Emmerdale spoilers: Disaster hits the village again as a panicked horse is on the loose MORE : Emmerdale spoilers: Missing Paddy in hiding as his family are left in agony