Everybody, stay calm… ok, actually, this is nothing to be calm about – because S Club 7 are BACK! Yes, after months of speculation, one of the most successful British pop groups of all time have announced they are returning for a reunion tour in celebration of their 25-year legacy. No, this is not a drill and you are not dreaming, all seven members are actually doing this. Bradley McIntosh, Hannah Spearritt, Jo O’Meara, Jon Lee, Paul Cattermole, Rachel Stevens, and Tina Barrett will come together for an 11-date arena tour across the UK and Ireland later this year, ready to delight fans will all of their hits. Speaking on coming back together, the band – who last performed as a full ensemble on their 2015 reunion tour – said: ‘After eight years, it feels amazing to announce that we’re reuniting and performing together again. ‘We’re so excited to bring the S Club Party back to our fans across the country to celebrate 25 years of S Club 7. We can’t even believe it’s been so long! ‘Music and friendship have always been at the core of everything that we’ve ever done. We hope everyone can join us for one big party!’ Oh, don’t you worry, S Club, we will be there! The 25th anniversary tour is an opportunity for S Club 7 fans of every generation to come together and re-experience the timeless pop hits that soundtracked the British charts for five years. Whether your favourite tune is Bring It All Back, Never Had a Dream Come True, or Don’t Stop Movin’, there’ll be a banger for everyone to groove to. Collectively, S Club 7 amassed four UK number one singles, as well as the UK number one album 7. They recorded four studio albums, released 11 singles that all entered the top five in the UK charts, and went on to sell over 10million albums worldwide – so it’s no surprise that their return has been highly-anticipated. The band’s celebrity status was also cemented with their TV shows; Miami 7 and L.A. What’s more, they became record-breaking favourites on children’s TV and were watched by more than 90million people in over 100 countries – L.A. 7 remains the highest rating programme of all time on CBBC. So, with four multi-platinum selling albums, two Brit Awards, and nine number-one international hit singles to their name, S Club 7 are a household name that are once again ready to rise. Tickets for the S Club 7 Reunited go on sale at 10:00am GMT on Friday, February 17. You can get your hands on them via gigsandtours.com and ticketmaster.co.uk. Tickets for Ireland will be available via ticketmaster.ie. MORE : Lewis Capaldi ‘in love’ as he goes public with new girlfriend at Brits afterparty MORE : Cher, 76, and boyfriend Alexander ‘AE’ Edwards, 36, all flirty and loved up at Super Bowl 