On February 20, Venus moves into passion-fest Aries (until March 16), which is going to make for an intense, hot, red-blooded and fiery time in our love lives. This transit stimulates heart over head decisions and actions. It provokes a time for people to follow their passions, even lusts. There’s likely to be big declarations, unbridled energies, romance, PDAs, and lustful encounters. Wow, hang on to your pants. Let the tarot guide you as to what might unfold in your love life this Venus in Aries season. Are you ready? March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for Venus in Aries: Eight of Coins Meaning: You are already an Aries, so living with passion and physical abandon is not new news to you. As such, this alignment of Venus in your own sign actually feels quite chill. It strengthens your resolve to fix the things in your love life that bother you, or you feel could be improved. The Eight of Coins sees you working on it and enjoying a major breakthrough, which is pleasing and rewarding. Don’t give up on people. Repair the damage. Build bridges. Earth signs are a good shout for single Aries people. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for Venus in Aries: Temperance Meaning: Something has been taking a bit of getting used to in your love life and, this Venus in Aries, you will finally feel you get it and you’re comfortable with it and, now, you can start to be more yourself and enjoy yourself again. Maybe it’s a new partner, a new circumstance, a changing dynamic, an outside influence. Temperance shows this has become the new normal and you feel comfy, which probably means you feel sexy again, and that is your fave state of being. If you’re single, look for a sexy Sagittarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for Venus in Aries: Ace of Swords Meaning: You’re ready to unleash your fantasies, your innermost secrets, and your true desires and they better be ready to deliver the goods. You have a very active sexual imagination, you veer towards fantasy and role play and scenarios. You love to have a playful and imaginative time in your love life and you want to vamp that up a bit. Tell them the truth, Gem, and the Ace of Swords promises this will activate a whole new ball game. Air signs are where it’s at for single Geminis. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for Venus in Aries: Four of Coins Meaning: You are ready to shake everything up on the love life front. New news, new game, new action, new mood, new energy. Four of Coins shows you’re tired of routine, familiarity, and predictability. You want to be surprised, thrilled, even a little unsettled. Okay, Cancer, you get out there and be different. Do it all differently and stimulate a tidal wave of change and fresh energy. Whatever you’ve been doing, do it differently. You are ready for this. Earth signs are where it’s at for single Cancerians. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for Venus in Aries: The World Meaning: An era is ending. A phase is drawing to a close. And in its place, a new one is emerging. This might be a relationship, it might be the dynamic or chapter in an existing relationship. What you once wanted isn’t working any more and you need to brave enough to express that and to share a vision of what you want instead. If you’re single, book a trip, holiday or outing. Travel is the key to a passionate affair! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for Venus in Aries: Two of Wands Meaning: You are always open to others’ ideas and desires and sometimes you end up committing to a load of things, too often, which aren’t actually what you’d choose for yourself. Sweep the board clear this Venus in Aries season. Be demanding. Stop doing stuff that doesn’t suit or serve you well. Make sure you’re getting what you want and need before compromising and shapeshifting for others agendas! The Two of Wands asks you to refocus your love life action on what you like doing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for Venus in Aries: Three of Cups Meaning: Oh my! The Three of Cups is a YOLO vibe, urging you to kick up your heels and do what the heck you like. Pursue your object of affection. Express your fantasies and play them out. Enjoy dating. Enjoy romancing. Be adored, be worshipped, be chased. Whatever you like best about the whole romance area (and being ruled by Venus you’ll no doubt have a long list), make it a reality this Venus in Aries season. Passion rules. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for Venus in Aries: Nine of Coins Meaning: You want long term growth, change, improvement, building a lifestyle with someone special and making things better together day by day. You are ready for a major commitment and long term relationship. The Nine of Coins sees you laying out a vision for the future and finding out if it aligns with them. If so, all good. If not, well, you’re ready to move on because it’s important you’re building your future with the right person. Earth signs are all good for single Scorpios. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for Venus in Aries: Ace of Cups Meaning: A pregnancy/birth, a new romance, or a massive rekindling of the flames of passion in an existing union are all on the cards this Venus in Aries season. So if you’re hoping to start or grow your family, then now is a great time. Ace of Cups is all about new love. For single Sags, it points to creative, loving Water signs. This will start with immediate attraction and chemistry and simply get better and better from there. This Venus in Aries season is going to be amazing for Sagittarians everywhere. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for Venus in Aries: King of Coins Meaning: You want control, you want respect, and you want to be treated (and to be allowed to treat them) like a ‘power partner’, doing high-octane, high-ticket, unique and expensive stuff together. Basically, you want to act like a celebrity couple, living the high life. Why not? You work hard and romance is a kind of fantasy anyway, so why not tailor it to your own life fantasies too. You need a fellow Earth sign to play this out with. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for Venus in Aries: The Hierophant Meaning: The Hierophant, in love readings, often points to commitment and taking things, wherever they’re at, to the next level. So this could mean asking someone out, going official, getting engaged, moving in, a wedding, or a baby! You are ready to take that next step because you are feeling the feels. You aren’t the most traditional or conventional personality and so, no doubt, you’re going to do this your own unique way… and that’s why they love you. Taureans are perfect for single Aquarians. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for Venus in Aries: Eight of Cups Meaning: Let go of your disappointments, let downs, setbacks, or heartbreaks in love. A clean slate please. Don’t dwell on what went wrong or who did what. Look ahead. Draw a line in the sand and go from here with a new outlook and a fresh chance to be happy. If someone has crossed too many lines to do that, let them go too. Do it now, don’t drag this out or on any longer. Making peace with the past and embracing release is your homework this Venus in Aries season. Better times lie ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The worst matched star signs in love – and how to overcome the cosmic obstacles MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care