Sir Lenny Henry, Britain’s Got Talent judge Amanda Holden, Jay Blades and AJ Odudu are amongst the stars launching Red Nose Day 2023. Joined by Richard Curtis, Greg James and Vicky Pattinson, the celebrities are introducing a brand new Red Nose this year, designed by Sir Jony Ive. AJ will be joining Doctor Who’s David Tennant, Joel Dommett, Paddy McGuinness and Zoe Ball as presenters of the BBC One night of entertainment for Red Nose Day on Friday, March 17. Meanwhile, Miranda Hart and Frankie Bridge are some of the first trying on the new noses, in a series of images launching the charity event. Sir Jony, the creative genius behind Apple products, has given the iconic red nose its most dramatic makeover since its debut in 1988. Made almost entirely from plant-based materials, the Red Nose starts as a tiny, flat crescent and springs into a beautiful honeycomb-paper sphere, now available to buy on Amazon. Sir Jony said: ‘We’ve grown up with Comic Relief and are proud to support their remarkable work. ‘This new and seemingly simple Red Nose has been a fabulously complex little object to design and make and has involved our entire team. ‘We hope it brings a little moment of joy to everyone who wears one.’ Richard said: ‘The Red Nose has always been a tiny thing that makes a huge difference. It’s been on quite a journey over the past three decades and has transformed in the most wonderful ways – from a slightly painful piece of plastic to a tomato to a sponge to woodland themed creatures. ‘Now we enter a new era and are delighted to bring you a completely new Red Nose to enjoy, thanks to our friend the design genius, Jony Ive.’ The screenwriter added: ‘One thing that will never change though, is that when you buy a Nose you help to change lives. We know times are tough for many people right now, and I’d like to say a huge thank you to everyone who supports us this year. ‘We really hope you enjoy our new Nose and wear it with pride this Red Nose Day, knowing the difference you are making.’ Talking about the nose and previous hilarious sketches for the charity event, the Repair Shop star Jay shared: ‘What I love about the new Red Nose is it can double up as a Christmas decoration, imagine that! It’s all about sustainability. Don’t just throw it away after the one day, you can keep it until Christmas and remember what you’ve done. ‘Red Nose Day is just one big community. Everybody working together, helping those less fortunate than ourselves. It’s just something I had to be a part of.’ He continued: ‘Working with Dawn [French] and Jennifer [Saunders], and of course Dame Judi Dench on a Red Nose Day sketch is a special memory for me. ‘When Dawn and Jennifer both came in, they were basically straight into character. One second, they’re talking to me like normal, the next they’ve switched into character! ‘Then Dame Judi came in and was in full character too. It was the weirdest thing to see someone just change and do what they naturally do – but also proper special. I know it’s raising money for a good cause, but I’ve also got some really special memories and some really great friends from it too. ‘This year we all really need to come together, because it is going to be such a tough time. It was a tough time last year, and I think it’s going to be even tougher this year. So, we need to show our support for everybody – and that is just basically working together.’ Elsewhere, entertainment in the lead-up to the big night will see Kylie Minogue featuring in a Ghosts sketch while one unexpected celebrity will also be looking for love in a Love Island parody. Red Nose Day returns on Friday, March 17. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Comic Susan Calman on catching the cruising bug and the most out of this world place she’s sailed to MORE : Trans comic Jordan Gray speaks out after hilarious naked Friday Night Live performance predictably hit with more than 1,400 vile Ofcom complaints 