Jennifer Lopez has put her incredible mansion in Bel-Air on the market, as she continues her search for a new home with Ben Affleck. The On The Floor singer, 53, married the Batman star, 50, last year in a low-key Las Vegas wedding, one year after their shock reunion. The lovebirds, dubbed Bennifer, then threw a fairytale ceremony for their loved ones in the summer, held in Georgia. They were due to renovate the plush LA property but are thought to have changed their minds, with the mansion now up for sale with a whopping $42.5 million price tag. Anyone want to go halves? To be fair, you get a huge amount for the money, as the estate spans almost eight acres – the main house alone boasts nine bedrooms and 13 bathrooms. As well as having a different bedroom for every night of the week, you could also enjoy your own private gym, an infinity pool, a guest house, a huge home cinema and an amphitheater. If lazing sunny days away in the pool gets to be too much, there is also a private lake and beach on the grounds, and plush gardens to explore. Think of all the room you’ll have for activities… Jennifer and Ben famously called off their engagement in 2004 after a two-year romance, and moved on separately, with the Hustlers actress welcoming twins Max and Emme with Marc Anthony, while the Oscar-winner introduced children Violet, Seraphina and Samuel with Jennifer Garner. In 2021, the pair sent the world into overdrive when they reunited, and later announced that they had got engaged for a second time. Last July, they legally tied the knot in Vegas, and celebrated their nuptials once again the following month. During an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live, she confessed their decision to elope was a totally spur-of-the-moment idea, as she had become overwhelmed with organizing everything. ‘A month before, and I don’t know if you guys noticed, but 20 years ago, we were supposed to get married. And it all fell apart back then. ‘And this time, I absolutely had a little PTSD and I was like, ”Is this happening? I this really happening?” ‘We were so happy, and of course it was happening, but I just felt the wedding was so stressful.’ She revealed that Ben suggested they travel to Vegas that day, and the rest is history. Lifting the lid on their whirlwind year, she added on the Today Show: ‘We moved in together, the kids moved in together, so it’s been like a really emotional transition. ‘But at the same time… all your dreams coming true, it’s just been a phenomenal year. ‘Best year, I think, since my kids were born.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Proud mum Molly-Mae Hague shares adorable footage with new baby girl Bambi and their ‘family’ MORE : Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Kyle Richards blasts ‘frustrating’ Ozempic rumours amid weight loss: ‘I work really hard and it bothers me’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 