Customers have been queuing up following the reopening of Jeremy Clarkson’s Diddly Squat farm shop after its winter closure. The weekend reopening of the store near Chadlington, Oxfordshire, follows the release of the latest series of the 62-year-old TV presenter’s hit Amazon Prime TV show Clarkson’s Farm on Friday. On Sunday, cars could be seen parked on the grass verges into the farm despite the public being warned by Oxfordshire County Council earlier this week to park ‘safely and considerately’ near the farm. The council said on Facebook: ‘Don’t park on the A361. It’s just too dangerous. And please avoid parking on the verges of the narrow Chipping Norton Road as it causes damage. ‘The farm will be doing what it can to deal with the influx of visitors, so please follow signage on the day. But bear in mind the car park is small. ‘If you are directed by staff, whether you are through traffic or visiting the farm shop, please be patient with them – they are trying to keep you safe and allow traffic to flow.’ The second series of Clarkson’s Amazon series shows another year in the farm with new animals and crops as well as Clarkson’s dealings with the local council. Clarkson, who purchased the farm in 2008 and started running it himself in 2019, received a poor reaction from some villagers when he expanded the business to include a farm shop and restaurant. He previously said there were ‘plenty’ of other locals who appeared to be more receptive, and even encouraging of his work. An order for the closing of the restaurant was appealed by Clarkson last year following two planning applications being rejected by West Oxfordshire District Council. He subsequently said he ‘no longer wished’ for a restaurant and wanted to develop on-site parking in a letter to the council in January. Clarkson also co-hosts Amazon Prime TV series The Grand Tour with his former Top Gear co-presenters’ Richard Hammond and James May. Last week, the Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso) said it is launching an investigation into the vile column written by Clarkson for The Sun newspaper about the Duchess of Sussex after it received more than 25,100 complaints. The article, in which he said he hated Meghan and dreamed of her being paraded through British towns and publicly shamed, became Ipso’s most complained-about article after its publication, and was widely condemned by the public – including Clarkson’s own daughter Emily. Clarkson and The Sun both apologised for the piece, and it was later removed from online. He also said his language was ‘disgraceful’ and he was ‘profoundly sorry’. Prince Harry also branded the article about his wife ‘horrific, hurtful and cruel’ during an interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby to discuss his autobiography Spare, adding that what Clarkson had written would encourage people around the world to believe it is an acceptable way to treat women. Ipso confirmed the conclusion of the investigation will be made public. Clarkson has been the presenter of long-running ITV gameshow Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? since 2018, which was previously presented by Chris Tarrant. While Clarkson’s Farm has already been confirmed for a third season, Amazon has reportedly parted ways with the presenter following his hateful comments about Meghan Markle. However, other sources claim the cancellation is to do with high running costs and low viewing figures. According to Variety, the streaming service won’t be working with the TV personality beyond seasons of The Grand Tour and Clarkson’s Farm that have already been commissioned. Clarkson’s Farm seasons one and two available to stream on Amazon Prime. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richie Sambora ‘couldn’t really see’ his guitar but still pulled off a stunning performance as Jacket Potato on The Masked Singer MORE : Idris Elba doubles down on why he doesn’t call himself a ‘Black actor’ as John Boyega weighs in 