A greengrocer who said he’s snapping up fruit and veg supermarkets won’t pay for now has ‘queues out of the door’. Thomas Hagon, who runs Reg The Veg greengrocers in Clifton, Bristol, said customers are scrambling for tomatoes and peppers as they can’t get them in larger stores. He claims the produce is ‘there for supermarkets to purchase’ but the price is too high for them – but smaller shops like him are willing to take the hit. ‘We had shortages due to availability and low numbers about three weeks ago and supermarkets were still pumping out vegetables at low prices,’ the 39-year-old said. ‘It’s got to the point where now supermarkets can’t buy it at the right price as it’s increased so much. ‘It is available they just won’t pay the money for it. ‘Whereas we can, and we can then supply our customers and pass on the slight increase in price.’ Bad weather in Spain and Africa was blamed for the shortages, which UK growers fear could last until May. Thomas said the wholesale price has nearly doubled in price – averaging at £15 before and now as much as £30. ‘We’ve still had to increase our own prices in some areas – cherry vine tomatoes are now £9.99 a kilo which is around double the normal price,’ he added. ‘We do say to customers that these peppers or tomatoes for example can be quite expensive but they’re happy to pay that. ‘Of course, nationally it’s very difficult because of the volumes that supermarkets get in, but if they’re quoted £25 or £30 pounds for a wholesale shipment, and they wont pay for it.’ He warned in order to resolve the issue, supermarkets may end up having to charge customers more. Thomas added: ‘When there’s more competition from other European countries that supply produce it’ll bring prices down – It’s always high at this time of the year, it’s just exceptionally high at the moment. ‘We’ve seen the cold weather in Morocco. They’ve got snow – it’s crazy. ‘We’ve got used to eating what we want to eat all year round so when things go a bit short it can be a bit of a shock.’ Other greengrocers said they have also had no choice but to double their prices. The government said yesterday the supply issues should be resolved within one month. Environment secretary Thérèse Coffey told the Commons: ‘I am led to believe by my officials, after discussion with industry and retailers, we anticipate the situation will last about another two to four weeks. ‘It is important that we try and make sure that we get alternative sourcing options. That is why the department has already been in discussion with the retailers. ‘It is why there will be further discussions led by ministers as well, so that we can try and get over this and try and avoid similar situations in the future. ‘Even if we cannot control the weather it is important that we try and make sure the supply continues to not be frustrated in quite the way it has been due to these unusual weather incidents.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.