The Office star Mackenzie Crook has appealed to the public for help after his sister-in-law went missing in West Sussex. Playing jobsworth Gareth Keenan in the two seasons of mockumentary sitcom, the British actor has also appeared in Pirates of the Caribbean and Game of Thrones. Earlier this week his sister-in-law Laurel Aldrige went missing from the Walberton area near Arundel  and he’s now asked anyone with any information to come forward. Three days since she was last seen or heard from, Crook has said her disappearance is ‘very out of character’. He said extensive searches were taking place and urged people to look in their back gardens and other places where she may have sought refuge. ‘She left her house early Tuesday morning and she’s not been seen since,’ he said. ‘That’s in the Walberton area where a lot of people are looking in the local woodlands along the roads and stuff like that. ‘I’d really like to appeal to people to go out into their back gardens and have a look in places where she she might have taken rest,’ he added when speaking to ITV. After three nights of no contact, he said the family was ‘obviously very worried’, and revealed that she is also currently undergoing chemotherapy. ‘If I could appeal to everyone, even if they checked before, check again in likely places where she might have crept in to lay down for the night,’ he said. Sussex Police have said it was growing ‘increasingly concerned’ about her whereabouts. It said Ms Aldridge, 62, may have travelled as far north as Bignor Hill. Meanwhile Crook said she was last seen wearing a bright blue fleece but with a grey coat over the top, a brown woolly hat, a turtle scarf and black trousers. Sussex Police had previously tweeted: ‘We’re growing increasingly concerned for Laurel Aldridge, who has been missing from Walberton, near Arundel, since yesterday.’ ‘She may have travelled as far north as Bignor Hill, and we’re urging anyone who sees her to please call 999 quoting 347 of 14/02.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ground search for missing actor Julian Sands being planned ‘imminently’ in southern Californian mountains MORE : Missing aristocrat’s dad wants police to investigate ‘Nigerian cult she joined’ 