Rishi Sunak insisted he can get the economy growing again ‘his year’ and ‘ratchet up’ the removal of illegal migrants from Albania in a wide-ranging interview with Piers Morgan marking 100 days as PM. During that time he has faced pressure over new Tory sleaze claims, crisis in the NHS, the worst strike action in a decade, war in Ukraine and the economy lingering in the doldrums. He has made five pledges for 2023 – to halve inflation, grow the economy, make sure national debt falls, reduce NHS waiting times and pass new laws to stop small boats crossing the Channel. Talk TV host Morgan challenged Mr Sunak over new polling which shows ‘three quarters of the public’ do not believe he is delivering on any of those. He pressed: ‘You haven’t got that much time to turn this around, you’ve got about 500 days or so maximum (before the next General Election) – can you do it? ‘Have you got enough time to implement these changes and actually see change be effected?’ The PM replied: ‘Yes, I wholeheartedly believe that, and I’m giving it nearly everything I’ve got and, of course, people might not feel that today and for all the reasons that you set out earlier, the situation is tough but I want people to have confidence that it will get better. ‘So, if you go through those things I said: halve inflation, yes, I believe by the end of the year we can halve inflation. ‘Grow the economy, yes, I do believe over the course of this year we’ll get the economy growing again. We’ve already made some difficult decisions to ensure that that happens. ‘We’ve got to stick to the path. ‘And then cutting waiting lists. I was just in a hospital earlier this week talking about our plan to bring down waiting times in the NHS which I know we can deliver and we’re working with the NHS to do that. ‘And stopping the boats and tackling illegal immigration. That’s probably the trickiest of all of them but, again, it’s something that I care very deeply about.’ Elsewhere, Mr Sunak insisted he ‘would love to give nurses a massive pay rise’ and that they ‘should be an exception’, but said there simply isn’t the money for it. The PM also said he is ‘happy to look at’ car parking charges for nurses at hospitals. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak wades into trans row declaring ‘biological sex really matters’ Morgan also quizzed him on whether Harry and Meghan should be invited to the King’s coronation. Reports have suggested Charles could pass the issue over whether to invite the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on to Mr Sunak under the so-called ‘Churchill precedent’. He said: ‘You know I can’t talk about the royal family, but what I can say is one of the great privileges of this job is spending time with the monarch and also championing what is an amazing British institution all around the world. ‘It’s one of the proudest parts of my job is to go around the world and champion and celebrate British institutions like the Royal Family. ‘There’s an enormous amount of affection for the Royal Family everywhere I go around the world and they do an incredible job. King Charles does an incredible job. We’re lucky to have him – the coronation is going to be superb and we’re going to have a great time.’ Morgan joked: ‘You don’t mind if you’re next to Meghan and Harry?’ Mr Sunak replied: ‘What I’m focused on is making sure we have a great time as a country and that what I’m confident is going to happen.’ The PM was also grilled on integrity and accountability having appointed Suella Braverman six days after she quit over security breaches and Gavin Williamson despite him being sacked twice, as well as the scandals engulfing Nadhim Zahawi and Dominic Raab. He explained: ‘Well actually people can judge me on how I’ve dealt with these situations as they’ve arisen right? ‘In most cases that you mentioned you’re talking about things that happened, before I was Prime Minister, but as they’ve arisen on my watch I’ve actually worked in a way that I believe to be professional, in a way that I believe does restore integrity back into the process.’ Mr Sunak said he will release his tax returns ‘shortly’ as he battles to recover from having to sack Mr Zahawi as Tory party chairman over his financial affairs. He added: ‘They will be published shortly. As you know the tax filing deadline was just a few days ago. So that’s why. ‘So we do the tax-filing deadlines just passed, so they’re just being prepared and they will be released shortly.’ The PM insisted he has ‘no problem’ with predecessor Boris Johnson being ‘on manoeuvres’ around the world meeting Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and Senate leaders. He told Morgan: ‘No look, it’s great that we’ve got former Prime Minister’s and I speak to you know all former leaders actually. ‘I think all of our leaders have a way of continuing to contribute to public life and that’s a good thing.  That’s not a bad thing actually, they’ve got experience that they want to share.’ READ MORE: Rishi admits he’s a Coca-Cola addict and a ‘nerd’ with Star Wars lightsabers in Downing Street Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.