Jeremy Clarkson enjoyed a cuddle with his newborn granddaughter on Sunday, just hours after his daughter Emily announced the birth of her first child. The Top Gear host beamed with pride as he looked down at little Arlo, who was seen hours earlier in her mum’s arms. The star captioned his Instagram post: ‘The happiest a man can be.’ Alongside a black-and-white snap of her hugging Arlo in her hospital bed, Emily – who announced she was expecting her first child with husband Alex Andrew in September – shared the happy news that her daughter had arrived in a post uploaded earlier on Sunday. She wrote: ‘Arlo Rose Andrew. We’re all doing really well at home and just loving this time hanging out as a family.’ Emily, 27, added: ‘Will be back online in a little bit.’ The new parents were inundated with congratulatory messages, with the likes of Holly Hagan, Zoe Sugg and Kaleb Cooper all sending their well wishes. ‘Congratulations!’ wrote Geordie Shore star Holly, with Zoe and Kaleb leaving identical messages beneath Emily’s post. Announcing the news last year, Emily, who is the eldest daughter of former Top Gear host Jeremy and his ex-wife Frances Cain, took to Instagram to said: ‘We’re so delighted to share that we’re expecting a baby girl in early 2023.’ In a sweet accompanying video, Emily was grinning as she and her publicist husband, 29, cradled held her bump. The couple tied the knot last year, with Jeremy congratulating his daughter and son-in-law with an emotional message. He wrote: ‘Fathers. I cannot even begin to describe how wonderful it is when your daughter gets married to someone you like. ‘I am being very unmanly about this weekend. It was just sublime. I have never been happier.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price’s son Junior Andre reveals the worst thing about growing up in the spotlight MORE : Freddie Flintoff’s horror crash laid bare as it’s revealed star was airlifted to hospital with ‘broken ribs and facial injuries’ 