The government’s Energy Bills Support Scheme (EBSS) has been a lifeline for many this winter as the cost of living crisis continues. Since October 2022, millions of eligible English, Scottish and Welsh households have received £400 off their energy bills in six monthly instalments of £66 or £67. However, as the saying goes, all good things must come to an end – including this helping hand. But when does it expire, and will it be replaced by anything? The Energy Bills Support Scheme comes to an end on Friday, March 31 2023. Recipients can expect one more discount for the month of March. After that, the monthly chunk taken off energy bills will cease. Many households will have been receiving the discount automatically, with the money coming directly off their energy bills. While people who use traditional prepayment meters and top up their credit before using energy should have been provided with discount vouchers in the first week of each month. You can find out more about how the scheme has been delivered to households here. While EBSS is coming to an end, the Energy Bills Support Scheme Alternative Fund (EBSS AF) has been announced. This scheme targets around 900,000 households in England, Scotland and Wales who didn’t receive EBSS discounts automatically this winter, and offers them a one-off £400 payment. Only people in certain types of housing situations are eligible, with more details on who can get it available at gov.uk. You do also need to apply for this one, whereas the EBSS scheme didn’t require an application. Another scheme has also been introduced, but designed to help UK businesses, charities and the public sector. The new Energy Bills Discount Scheme begins on April 1 2023 – allowing all eligible UK businesses and other non-domestic energy users to receive a discount on high energy bills until March 31 2024. Discounts will vary dependent on the type of business, and this balance will not need to be paid back. There is also no need to apply for the scheme as suppliers will automatically apply reductions to the bills of all eligible non-domestic customers. Further details on the scheme are available on gov.uk. Finally, it’s worth noting that energy regulator Ofgem has lowered its price cap. From April 1 until June 30 2023, the energy price cap is set at ‘£3,280 for a dual fuel household paying by direct debit based on typical consumption’, Ofgem has announced, down from £4,279. However the Energy Price Guarantee, set by the government, is due to rise from the current £2,500 up to £3,000 from April 2023 for 12 months (until March 2024). Broadly speaking, this means bills are set to go up by several hundred pounds per year for the average household, without even factoring in the loss of EBSS discounts. As Ofgem CEO Jonathan Brearley explained in a statement: ‘Although wholesale prices have fallen, the price cap has not yet fallen below the planned level of the Energy Price Guarantee. ‘This means, that on current policy, bills will rise again in April. I know that, for many households this news will be deeply concerning.’ He added: ‘However, [the latest price cap] reflects the fundamental shift in the cost of wholesale energy for the first time since the gas crisis began, and while it won’t make an immediate difference to consumers, it’s a sign that some of the immense pressure we’ve seen in the energy markets over the last 18 months may be starting to ease. ‘If the reduction in wholesale prices we’re currently seeing continues, the signs are positive that the price cap will fall again in the summer, potentially bringing bills significantly lower.’ MORE : What is the Money Saving Boiler Challenge and could it help your energy bills? MORE : I needed to find an extra £500 a month to cover bills – this is how I did it MORE : Who is eligible for £400 energy payment and how to apply? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below