After recently confirming she was married to Taika Waititi following months of speculation that they had tied the knot, Rita Ora has now shown off her stunning ring. The Masked Singer UK panellist and musician began dating the Thor and JoJo Rabbit director after moving to Australia in 2021 to work as a coach on the local version of The Voice. Rumours had been swirling for months that Rita, 32, and Taika, 47, had wed after they were both seen wearing rings on their left hands. Last Friday, Rita said that she was ‘officially off the market’ when being interviewed on Heart Breakfast. Later while appearing on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon on Wednesday night, Rita decided to show off her ring, while explaining that she decided to take Taika shopping so that she could point out exactly which ring she wanted. Welcoming her on the show, Jimmy congratulated her on the recent nuptials. Rita thanked him and then added that she wanted to show off her ring. ‘Because I love you so much, I actually have never shown anyone my ring,’ she said. ‘You know, it’s my first time showing my ring, but because I love you and I feel like you’re part of our relationship weirdly because we watch you every night… is that creepy?’ Jimmy then joked that he felt like he was ‘part of the relationship as well’. Rita outlined that she wanted to show a close-up as she put her hand out for Jimmy to examine the emerald and diamond ring with its thin gold band. Turning to the audience, the I Will Never Let You Down singer added: ‘I’ll show you guys too.’ She held up her hand and flashed the ring to the studio and the cameras as Jimmy remarked: ‘Oh, la la, that’s gorgeous.’ ‘He did good,’ Rita responded, referring to Taika. However, Rita did clarify that she had given her new husband some guidance. ‘Well, I may have stroked him, in the right direction,’ she said. ‘Because I think, like, when you know what you want. I felt like I really knew I wanted to be with this person, and I just wanted it to feel really right. ‘So, I may have taken him to the shop, and I may have pointed out exactly what ring I wanted.’ The pair went on to chat about Rita’s new single You Only Love Me, which she later performed while wearing a neon pink wedding gown and veil. The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon airs on NBC in the US. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Keke Palmer reveals baby’s gender during hilarious Jimmy Fallon interview after confirming pregnancy in SNL monologue MORE : Mo Gilligan opens up on meeting Jimmy Fallon for the first time after becoming host of UK version of That’s My Jam  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 