Rihanna offered fans a glimpse of her baby bump as she donned a white mini-dress in celebration of her 35th birthday on Monday. The singer and mum-to-be looked stunning in her birthday suit as she held hands with her partner A$AP Rocky. Paying a visit to Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica, Rihanna slid into a short white mini-dress that she paired with a long black trench coat. Matching her ensemble with some sparkling stiletto heels, the Diamonds megastar also clutched a fluffy white purse that she carried in her hand. Her boyfriend was a perfect gentleman on the evening as he was spotted helping the pregnant singer through the door of the Californian establishment. The star’s outing came after she wowed crowds with a big announcement and stellar performance at the Super Bowl’s halftime show. News that was confirmed after the event by her reps, during Rihanna’s return to the stage eagle-eyed fans speculated she could be pregnant. After spotting her frequently rubbing her belly that was suspiciously poking out of her jumpsuit, viewers were convinced the hitmaker was gearing up to welcome her second baby. The Umbrella star began her 13-minute show floating on a platform in the sky and descended onto the pitch to the soundtrack of her greatest pitch. Donning a red jumpsuit, she zipped it down to below her navel so that her blossoming baby bump was well and truly on show. Rihanna debuted her son’s face during a Vogue magazine cover shoot for their March edition after her news was shared at the Super Bowl performance. ‘It’s everything, you really don’t remember life before, that’s the craziest thing ever,’ she told the publication of what it was like becoming a mother. She continued on: ‘Everything changes when you have a baby but I wouldn’t say it’s done anything but made us closer.’ The singer shared details about her son’s relationship with his rapper father and admitted their baby boy needed validation from his dad with whom he has a close bond. Shooting the cover spread on a beach in mid-December, the award-winning artist said she had no idea she was pregnant again at the time the pictures were taken. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele reveals what she really said about Rihanna during Super Bowl after clip goes viral MORE : Rihanna hits out at trolls who were grossed out by her calling baby son ‘so fine’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 