Jack Lisowski has clarified his calls for bringing in a shot clock to snooker tournaments, saying he is trying to expand the appeal of the game and appeal to younger sports fans. Jackpot spoke at the recent Shoot Out about potentially bringing in a shot clock in more tournaments to battle gamesmanship, which he suggested has been employed to slow him down and knock him out of his rhythm. Speaking at this week’s German Masters, the 31-year-old admits he might have been in an off mood when giving those comments, but does want to see the game livened up in order to attract new fans. He acknowledges that players are allowed to play at whatever pace they want, but for snooker to appeal to a younger generation, he reckons things like shot clocks need to be taken into consideration. ‘I think I was more on about promoting snooker,’ he said. ‘We’ve got to find a way of doing it differently, maybe it is a shot clock. I think I just had the hump that day, I’d experienced a few slow players the last few tournaments when I did that interview, so maybe I just had the hump. ‘It’s more about appealing to everyone and getting the game more in the 21st century. We need to try and make it more appealing to everyone because at the moment it’s a bit of a niche. ‘When I did that interview, some people were saying they love watching hour-long, tactical frames, but I’d say 90 per cent of the population wouldn’t want to watch a frame of snooker that goes on for an hour, with people taking 30 seconds a shot and playing negatively. ‘I don’t run the game, but I just feel the game could be way bigger because it’s a beautiful game.’ Snooker is doing well in some regards, with Lisowski playing this week live on television in front of big crowds in Berlin, but there have been criticisms from some players on tour recently, and certainly everyone involved in the sport would like to take steps forward. Jackpot points out that plenty of snooker clubs have closed in recent years and there is not exactly a barrage of young players coming through to compete on the professional tour, so something needs to change. Whether something like a shot clock is the answer, we don’t know, but Lisowski points to cricket’s Twenty20 as an example of a faster-paced form of a traditionally slower game having great success. ‘There’s so many players that are amazing to watch. Ronnie is one of the best British sportsmen ever, if he’s playing and it’s not bigger than it is now then there’s something wrong,’ he said. ‘People like Judd [Trump], Neil Robertson, these people are so good at what they do, so good to watch so let’s just try and figure out a way to make it more appealing to the public and get more kids playing because snooker clubs are struggling, there’s not as many good juniors coming through as there used to be. ‘We need to appeal more to the younger generation and for me it’s going to be making the sport better to watch. ‘It seems to be about faster sport these days, like Twenty20 cricket. I don’t know about the Shoot Out, that’s a bit extreme, but let’s just find a way to make the sport a bit bigger. ‘It’s such a beautiful sport. We can make it bigger, let’s all figure out a way to do it.’ MORE : Jimmy White comparisons ‘an honour’ for Jack Lisowski ahead of German Masters meeting MORE : Jack Lisowski wants shot clock brought in to combat ‘gamesmanship’ he faces For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 