Sebastian Stan has revealed the unintended Tommy Lee crossover with new film Sharper. The Apple TV Plus thriller follows a group of people – from con artists to billionaires – all entangled in a high-stakes game of risk and reward in New York City society. As Max, Stan is part of a swindling duo with co-star and producer Julianne Moore, who plays Madeline. However, fans may notice something quite familiar about the dark curtains the 40-year-old is rocking for the movie, with the star confirming he kept the hairstyle he originally had for Hulu mini-series Pam & Tommy, in which he played the Mötley Crüe drummer. Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk, he explained: ‘This was directly after [Pam & Tommy] and we just ended up keeping it. Ben [Caron, director] and I discussed what kind of a look we could have for him where he could maybe blend into different worlds and stuff and – it just ended up becoming part of the look.’ In both projects, Stan plays a man who is not always fully in control of his emotions and quite an intense character – although he’s not so sure of a direct link between the two. ‘It’s interesting that you say that; I don’t know if I would agree but one of the fun things about this movie is that I think every audience member will have a different take on the movie, and the characters and the intentions. And I think a lot of that comes from the fact that there’s not a lot of background for them in the movie, so you’re trying to kind of see what their true intentions are.’ Discussing the glossy and ‘grown-up’ thriller, the Captain America: The Winter Soldier star praised Sharper for neither spoon-feeding its audience nor directing them to feel a certain way about a character. ‘I think that’s what sets the movie apart, you know. So often now I feel like we get a lot of movies where there’s the need to over-explain things to an audience. ‘I think the audience is really smart, I feel like people go and they want to do the work and kind of see [sic], “Okay, what is that person really about?” And it’s more fun when you’re involved in the movie like that, I think – it keeps you off your phone!’ Controversial show Pam & Tommy grabbed headlines last year for documenting the fallout of Lee and his then-wife’s, Baywatch actress Pamela Anderson, sex tape scandal, after the video was stolen and distributed around the world. Stan was nominated for an Emmy and a Golden Globe for his performance in the series, alongside his co-star Lily James, but Pamela herself had no involvement in the show, and has since made it clear that it wouldn’t get her approval, despite its success. Speaking to Variety, the star described the creators of Pam & Tommy as ‘a**holes.’, saying hearing about the show ‘didn’t make her happy’ and was ‘salt on the wound.’ However, the star has since made it clear that she holds no anger towards the cast of the show, despite her frustrations over the fact that it was made. Elsewhere, Stan’s Sharper co-stars joined him in gushing over Julianne Moore, as he said it was ‘the icing on the cake’ to discover the talented performer was ‘just as welcoming and just as nice and generous off-screen, and connecting with each person’. ‘Watching her and getting to work with her was a masterclass,’ added Briana Middleton, who plays Sandy. For Moore’s part, who picked the script from off Hollywood’s ‘Black List’ of popular but as-yet-unmade films, she explained that she was reeled in by the ‘surprising twists’. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘I really didn’t see any of it coming, the script and the movie stay one step ahead of the audience at all times and it’s about people and their relationships to one another and how they kind of pursue their ambitions and desires through one another and ultimately too it’s about the pursuit of money.’ ‘I was the producer on this and I was the one that found the script so that was one thing that was really important to all of us – this was really about letting the script set the tone,’ the Oscar-winner added. Sharper is in select cinemas and streaming on Apple TV Plus now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Justice Smith says Dungeons & Dragons film will make fans ‘happy’ as it takes the lore seriously MORE : Andrea Riseborough agrees debate about her Oscar nomination was ‘necessary’ as she addresses controversy for first time 