Congratulations are in order for Made In Chelsea stars Ollie and Gareth Locke, as they have announced they are expecting twins. The pair took to social media with the happy news and a video of the scans along with their delighted reaction. Ollie, 35, wrote: ‘We are beyond delighted to finally be able to share the news that we are expecting twin baby Locke-Locke’s into the world this summer! ‘You have all been so wonderful throughout the last 3 years of us trying to have a family and we promise to share every step of this adventure with you all. ‘For all those on their own journey to become parents we are with you and sending all the baby dust your way! ‘Thank you to our sensational surrogate @bex7ward for being the most incredible human, the love we have for you and your family is just another level! Xx’. This comes after the pair endured a ‘wild’ surrogacy journey as they’ve been trying for a child for years now. Reality stars Ollie and Gareth – who got married in the Natural History Museum in 2020 – have been open about their journey. The couple’s first round of IVF in 2021 with their surrogate did not work, and in December that year she suffered a miscarriage at six weeks. At the time, Ollie wrote: ‘This is the last thing I want to be writing, but this is sadly a part of our journey. He continued: ‘In early November our life changed in the most extraordinary and wonderful way, those two perfect lines shone through a pregnancy test telling us we were pregnant and Gareth, myself, our surrogate and our families were all ecstatic. ‘After a difficult year, a little bean growing inside the best person you could ever imagine was the most wonderful early Christmas present we could ever have imagined. Through the course of nature, at 6 weeks and 2 days it stopped growing and had gone.’ Then, a year later in December 2022, Gareth and Ollie opened up about their journey on an episode of Made In Chelsea: Bali and Bonjour Baby, revealing their surrogate had again miscarried. ‘We just can’t believe it’s happened again,’ Ollie said to his co-stars, as Gareth added: ‘This is our third time. Every time it’s like … “Oh well, next time surely it’s going to happen.” It feels like every time you’re going to have to redo it, it just feels like it’s a bit, a step further away.’ But now it’s happened, and the pair are over the moon. Stars flocked to the post to express their congratulations, as Made In Chelsea’s Rosie Fortescue wrote: ‘Words can’t describe how happy I am for you both’. Close friend Olivia Bentley commented with hearts, while an ecstatic Binky Felstead said: ‘ITS HAPPENING BABBBBBAYYYYY’s !!!!!!’ We couldn’t be happier for the delighted pair. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Watching TikTok videos has made me a better parent MORE : Back to Reality: Made In Chelsea’s Sam Prince on being a rebel and falling in love at first sight with Inga Valentiner 