Influencing has a far longer history than we might think; from Josiah Wedgwood leveraging a royal seal of approval in advertising to Michael Jordan’s legendary endorsement of Nike sneakers. In the modern age, however, influencers don’t need to be famous to have an impact. Social media allows content creators to find an audience and speak to them like friends, recommending everything from video games to vaginal steaming. And the format clearly works, with the industry estimated to be worth over $15 billion. But, 13 years since Zoella first joined YouTube, it seems the public are getting tired of being sold to. De-influencing is the new trend aiming to curb the consumption caused by social media, racking up over 100million views on TikTok. Both environmentalists and consumers jaded by constant hauls and ‘must-buys’ have had their say, talking about products that aren’t worth the money and suggesting ways we can cut down on mindless shopping. Multi-step skincare routines came under fire, along with viral products that didn’t match up to glowing reviews from big names. The aim is to get users to think before they buy, given 44% of Gen Z and 26% of the overall population have been persuaded to buy something due to an influencer recommendation. ‘The overconsumption on this app is absolutely wild,’ explained TikToker Paige in one video. ‘I want you to know that if your life doesn’t look like the lives of the influencers on this app, it’s okay. There is absolutely nothing wrong with you.’ It’s a noble cause, particularly during the current cost of living crisis when budgets are tight. In terms of sustainability, it’s also far better for the environment to buy less and use up what you do buy. Not all de-influencing is created equal, though. Some creators have been criticised for using the term to monetise their channels, in what Refinery29’s Alexandra Koster called ‘toxic authenticity.’ It doesn’t take long to find self-titled de-influencers trashing trending items yet recommending various alternatives (and making a cut through affiliate links) in the same video. Arguably, this defeats the object, and is essentially influencing repackaged. Regardless of the covert motivations behind de-influencing, it does represent a shift in societal perception. People are waking up to how much we spend and waste unconsciously, and how micro-trends fuel the cycle of overconsumption. That said, it’ll take more than a few Insta reels to break the habit of a lifetime. Consumerism is so ingrained in our culture that people need to actively make efforts to avoid being sucked in. If you’re looking to de-influence your life, these tips can help. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman transforms cottage into pastel palace – saving £10,000 by doing it herself MORE : Gen Z’s flip phone hack could finally break your drunk texting habit