Tommy Fury may have beaten Jake Paul on Sunday night in Saudi Arabia, but brother Tyson still managed to lose a mammoth bet he placed on the fight. The attention-grabbing contest ended in a split decision win for the Englishman, who survived a knockdown in the eighth and final round to pick up a win on points. He certainly out-boxed the American, but few would have been confident of the result when it went to the judges’ cards as both men were deducted a point during the bout, and the knockdown could have cost Fury the win. However, it was TNT’s camp that were celebrating after the referee raised Tommy’s hand, but Tyson may have had a tinge of regret after betting big on his brother winning by stoppage. The Gypsy King was convinced that Paul would not make it to the final bell and claims he bet a whopping £100,000 on a knockout victory for his younger brother. ‘Tommy knocks out 90 percent of people that he spars with or drops them at least, so he’s a very hard puncher and Jake Paul will find that out tomorrow,’ Tyson told IFL TV ahead of the bout. ‘I’ve got 100 racks on it for an inside the distance stoppage, so if he loses, then I’ll lose 100 bags as well. I’ve got him at 3-1. I know Tommy is going to knock him out. ‘What is a little bit stupid is I see all these experts and professional boxers picking Jake Paul over Tommy. I’m like, “What the hell are these guys watching?”. Because Tommy will absolutely deck him. ‘I think Tommy can get him out of there whenever really. It’ll definitely be inside the distance and it won’t be a points job for sure. Tommy wins by knockout. I can smell the fear and he [Jake] is rattling. He is rattling like a little b**** and he is going to get knocked out.’ Tyson wasn’t as big a lose as Drake, though, who had stuck $400,000 (£334,826) on Paul to win by knockout. MORE : Jake Paul and Tommy Fury already targeting rematch after Saudi Arabia fight ended in split decision MORE : Deontay Wilder blames referee for Jake Paul’s defeat to Tommy Fury For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 