I spend half of my life talking about EastEnders and the other soaps, so it unnerves me when I have sudden realisations that some don’t enjoy such a fragrant life. Logging into work on Tuesday morning, I was hit with a wave of notifications which meant one of two things – either I had caused a colossal controversy or people had tuned in and watched THAT episode of EastEnders. Thankfully, on this occasion, it was the latter, and the buzz of excitement to see those with only a half-interest suddenly engaged and hyped, was almost as fun as watching the six camp ‘killers’ of Christmas 2023 in action. To re-cap for anyone who remains on the fence on whether we are in brand new EastEnders era territory – a well promoted episode saw six of the show’s most iconic current female characters enjoy a lock-in, before we then saw them standing over a dead man at Christmas 2023. Through wonderfully character driven scenes of reflection between characters from the pen of writer Daran Little, the moments before the spectacle were treat enough. For a number of years, it would be lenient to say that EastEnders has had a rough ride – from fans, the press and indeed, in the viewing figures. At best, many of the storylines trudged along and were an effort to engage with, at worst, they were on the wrong side of divisive. Through it, some great characters and stars were introduced – Heather Peace as Eve Unwin is a revelation and Lillia Turner is nailing her role as vulnerable and pregnant 12-year-old Lily Slater, triggering discussion across generations and social media platforms on all sides of the argument. Bringing back characters like Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) was a much needed boost and, say what you want, I will die on the hill that it was delicious having Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) back – even if the full potential wasn’t utilised. However, amid the successes, we had Sharon poisoning Ian Beale with Christmas puddings and carbonara (not on the same plate, the one saving grace), and, even worse, an endless serial killer saga so far away from the beginnings of a topical domestic abuse story, that robbed us of great characters in violent fashion. Plot dictated the show for a very long time, with events happening one after the other without a great deal of heart. There were always exceptions; but on the whole, the EastEnders feel of community and character was missing. Now, storylines are only half of the success – it’s the blending of the many characters and families interweaving with the plotlines that is engaging. Characters who should be having more to do with each other suddenly are – putting Sharon in the mix with Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth), Denise Fox (Diane Parish), Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) and Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) is a recipe that can’t fail. I could sit through an episode of them watching paint dry and feel satisfied by the  time of the end credits. After some bonding and insight between the women on what was going on in their seemingly separate lives, the episode then ended with what will surely be one of those iconic moments we remember for years to come. The six women, surrounded by a myriad of clues and hints, standing over a dead body, has got the nation talking. Like, really talking. Shows like Happy Valley and Line Of Duty are some of the rare gems that occasionally make live TV event viewing. It has been a long time since soap has managed to achieve that. In an era when online boxset streaming is becoming the norm, incidentally led by EastEnders itself alongside Hollyoaks, it seemed it would not happen again. However, everywhere you look this week, there are theories. People who had given up on the show are being drawn back. And those who haven’t ever given it a try are suddenly intrigued. I’ve been taken back to the wistful days on the playground where the conversation was always: ‘Did you see EastEnders last night?’ Judging from the response to the genius intrigue laid out, that could well be the question for the next ten months until that victim on the pub floor is confirmed. And then hopefully beyond. Done right, there could be vibe levels of Who Killed Lucy Beale, incidentally, the first EastEnders story I ever wrote about professionally. However, let’s give the team at the show its dues. The hype deserved to be high before now; and it has been steadily growing. New show boss Chris Clenshaw has injected a massive energy into proceedings and restored the most important things about the show – a feel of community, believable characters, immersive dialogue and relationships and a mix of topical and blockbuster storylines. Lola Pearce’s (Danielle Harold) terminal cancer storyline is absolutely award-worthy, with exceptional writing and performances from Danielle herself, along with the previously underused Jamie Borthwick and Perry Fenwick. James Farrar and Shona McGarty are playing absolute blinders as Zack and Whitney endure the most impossible to face tragedy. A flashback episode for the Mitchells was, along with the recent flashforward, a masterclass in how subverting the norms of the genre can work successfully, rather than just for the sake of an ‘oooh, fancy!’ And the funeral of Dot Cotton was a poignant and perfect tribute to June Brown, told with absolute love, heart and respect. Truth is, the show has been on the rise for some time; but this bold new story – which won’t be easy to plan out and execute – is propelling it back to where it belongs; on the radar of everyone in the UK. Finally, EastEnders is being talked about for the right reasons again – and all the signs point to that continuing for a long time to come. MORE : EastEnders filmed two flash-forward murder outcomes as Kellie Bright made discovery MORE : 10 clues you may have missed from EastEnders’ flashforward death episode