Two men were arrested weeks after six members of a family, including a teenage mother and her infant son, were found executed in rural California. The Tulare County Sheriff’s Office identified the suspects as Noah David Beard, 25, and Angel ‘Nanu’ Uriarte, 35. Authorities said both men were known gang members. Both men are facing murder charges for all six deaths, Tulare County District Attorney Tim Ward announced. Around 3.30am on January 16, deputies rushed to a home in the small rural community of Goshen after getting reports of an active shooter. They arrived to find a murder scene, with six members of a family killed by gunshot wounds to their heads. The family members were later identified as Rosa Parraz, 72; Eladio Parraz Jr, 52; Jennifer Analla, 49; Marco Parraz, 19; Alissa Parraz, 16; and Nycholas Parraz, 10 months. Tulare County Sheriff Mike Boudreaux announced that the arrests were the result of a plan he called ‘Operation Nightmare.’ ‘Around 0400 hours, we executed three search warrants,’ the sheriff said. ‘At the same time, we’ve been working with the California Department of Corrections. Prison cells associated with the Nuestra Familia gang were searched,’ Boudreaux said. The sheriff said authorities searched eight cells and 16 inmates across five different prisons. Meanwhile, deputies conducted physical surveillance of two suspects beginning on January 23. ‘We knew every move they were making. The public was not at risk,’ the sheriff said. Deputies were able to identify Beard and Uriarte as their suspects thanks to DNA evidence collected at the scene of the crime, which they then turned over for processing to their federal partners at the ATF. ‘Once we did have the DNA, we jumped into Operation Nightmare,’ the sheriff said. ‘Beard was taken into custody without incident. Uriarte on the other hand, engaged in a gun battle with ATF agents,’ Boudreaux said. The suspect was injured by agents, and is currently undergoing surgery at a nearby hospital. Additionally, Boudreaux offered more details about the night of the massacre. ‘We believe that Eladio Parraz was killed first. He was shot in the torso and in the leg. Marco Parraz, we believe, was shot second. He was shot in the head.’ He continued: ‘Third was Jennifer Analla. She was asleep and shot in the head as well. Fourth was Rosa Parraz. She was found kneeling, and was shot in the head. We believe that she was getting out of her bed to check on what was happening, as the gunman came in.’ The sheriff also shared surveillance footage and audio recordings from a 911 call placed the night of the massacre. In one harrowing clip, Alissa Parraz can be seen placing her hiding her baby on the other side of fence before trying to climb over and join him. Seconds later, a man follows her, while drawing what appears to be a handgun. ‘As you can see, she jumped over the fence in an effort to save her life and her baby’s life,’ Boudreaux said. ‘Alissa and Nycholas were both found dead on the street. Both shot in the back of the head.’ The sheriff said the massacre was a result of a rivalry between two cartel-connected gangs: the Norteños and the Sureños. ‘In the beginning, I had mentioned this was a cartel-like shooting. And as all of you can imagine, this is exactly what it appears to be,’ Boudreaux said. ‘Two members of the Parraz members were well-known validated Sureños,’ Boudreaux said. The town of Goshen, however, is dominated by the Norteños. Both of the suspects are members of the Norteños, the sheriff confirmed. However, investigators are still searching to determine a motive for the gunman to target this particular family. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.