The Church of England’s General Synod has voted in favour of a motion to offer blessings to same-sex couples in civil partnerships and marriages. Under the new changes, same-sex couples will be allowed to come to church for services including prayers of dedication, thanksgiving and God’s blessing following a legal marriage ceremony. The bishops’ decision on same-sex marriage, which does not represent a formal change in doctrine, comes after an extended consultation period called ‘Living in Love and Faith’. Just yesterday comedian and campaigner Sandi Toksvig said she couldn’t sit silently while LGBTQ+ are suffering because of the Church of England’s stance on same-sex relations. After a marathon near-eight-hour debate across two days the result of the motion was announced on Thursday at a meeting of what is known as the church’s parliament. A packed room at Church House in Westminster remained silent and calm when the result of the vote was announced. The motion did not seek to change the position on gay marriage, meaning same-sex couples are still unable to marry in church. Immediately before the vote a minute of silence was observed followed by a prayer said by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Approval of the motion allows same-sex couples to go to Anglican churches after a legal marriage ceremony for services including prayers of dedication, thanksgiving and God’s blessing. The motion had been brought by the Bishop of London, Dame Sarah Mullally, and was the result of six years of work on questions of identity, sexuality, relationships and marriage known as Living In Love And Faith. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, and the Archbishop of York, Stephen Cottrell, said: ‘It has been a long road to get us to this point. ‘For the first time, the Church of England will publicly, unreservedly and joyfully welcome same-sex couples in church. ‘The Church continues to have deep differences on these questions which go to the heart of our human identity. ‘As Archbishops, we are committed to respecting the conscience of those for whom this goes too far and to ensure that they have all the reassurances they need in order to maintain the unity of the Church as this conversation continues. ‘We hope that today’s thoughtful, prayerful debate marks a new beginning for the Church as we seek a way forward, listening to each other and most of all to God. ‘Above all we continue to pray, as Jesus himself prayed, for the unity of his church and that we would love one another.’ The Bishop of London, Sarah Mullally, who led the debate and chairs the group which oversaw the development of the proposals, said: ‘This is a moment of hope for the Church. ‘I know that what we have proposed as a way forward does not go nearly far enough for many but too far for others. ‘It is my prayer that what has been agreed today will represent a step forward for all of us within the Church – including LGBTQI+ people – as we remain committed to walking together. ‘We have always said we will listen carefully to Synod, so over the next few months so we will reflect on everything which has been said and prepare new pastoral guidance for the Church on matters of sexuality and marriage. We will also refine the texts of Prayers  of Love and Faith.’ Amy Ashenden, CEO of Just Like Us, the LGBT+ young people’s charity, said: ‘It’s really great news that the Church of England’s general synod has voted to allow same-sex blessings. ‘We hope for a future where all LGBT+ people enjoy full marriage equality, this is a huge step in the right direction. ‘It sends a message to LGBT+ young people in the church that who they are is valued and respected, and that their relationships deserve to be acknowledged. ‘This decision will make the Church of England a safer and more welcoming place for them, and show all young LGBT+ people of faith that they do not have to choose between their faith and being their authentic selves.’ The Anglican Church in Wales has allowed its clergy to bless same-sex marriages and civil partnerships since September 2021. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.