Months of fly-tipping has piled up as far as the eye can see on this street in Birmingham. The mountain of rubbish – containing old car parts, mattresses, fridges, beds and sofas (among other things) – has steadily formed over two years in the Aston alleyway. Residents have spoken about their revulsion at living in one of ‘Britain’s grottiest streets’ where the waste can be seen from space by a satellite. However, it’s in close competition with Tolladine in Worcester, dubbed the UK’s ‘grimmest suburb’. The rat-infested heap in Birmingham has blighted locals’ lives since 2021, with fly-tippers continuing to discard their junk in the 100-metre stretch. John Scott, 83, has lived with his wife Wendy, 79, and their daughter and granddaughter in a house backing onto the alleyway since 1996. They have ‘given up’ clearing the rubbish as it comes back almost overnight, while Birmingham City Council has done nothing to solve the issue. ‘It’s a disgrace and something needs to be done,’ he said. ‘The council are not bothered about the issue and hasn’t done anything.’ Blaming ‘irresponsible people’ for the mess, the Birmingham City Council say they share ‘the concerns of residents and businesses’. Many locals fear the pile could catch fire and explode, and see it as a ‘massive health hazard’. ‘It’s not safe,’ said another resident, who wished to remain anonymous. ‘There are gas canisters in there and if they went up then it could be really bad as the houses are so close… there’s lots of families along this street and we’ve got rats running around. It’s just grim.’ The stinking pile of rubbish is not the only eye-sore in Birmingham. Britain’s second-largest city is also home to the country’s ‘most neglected road’. The bumpy and uneven Crawford Street in Saltley is littered with giant potholes, rubbish and burned-out cars, which locals say reminds them of a ‘scene from The Last of Us’. One pothole is reportedly 10ft wide. Despite repeated calls for the council to take action and repair the street, it appears to only be getting worse. Commenting on the rubbish mound, Councillor Majid Mahmood said: ‘We clear waste when on public land, investigate incidents and where we have evidence that meets the legal threshold, we do not hesitate to prosecute, as demonstrated in the past by many court cases. ‘To prosecute we need reports and evidence and the most effective way to do this is to contact our Waste Enforcement Team directly.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.