Aldi and Tesco have become the latest supermarkets to impose customer purchase limits on certain salad vegetables. The two supermarket giants confirmed the move in statements this afternoon. Yesterday both Asda and Morrison’s announced they would also be limiting the amount customers could buy. A limit of three has been put on tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers, lettuce, salad bags, broccoli, cauliflower and raspberries, Asda announced. Meanwhile, Morrisons said it would be introducing limits of two items per customer across tomatoes, cucumbers, lettuce, peppers from today. An Aldi spokesperson said: ‘We are limiting purchases of peppers, cucumbers and tomatoes to three units per person to ensure that as many customers as possible can buy what they need.’ And Tesco said it would also be putting limits of three per customer on sales of tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers. Retailers are said to believe the problem is down to a mixture of bad weather, transport problems and poor yields in Europe and Africa. It’s hoped that supplies will improve in the next few weeks and customers have been asked not to panic buy. People across the country have been sharing their frustration on social media about the lack of certain products in shops. Posting pictures of empty shelves, one customer said it ‘was not good enough’, while another asked ‘what’s going on?’ An Asda spokesman said: ‘Like other supermarkets, we are experiencing sourcing challenges on some products that are grown in southern Spain and north Africa. ‘We have introduced a temporary limit of three of each product on a very small number of fruit and vegetable lines, so customers can pick up the products they are looking for.’ Morrisons has pointed to a statement from the British Retail Consortium, which represents UK supermarkets, that blames ‘difficult weather conditions’ for ‘disrupting harvests’. ‘While disruption is expected to last a few weeks, supermarkets are adept at managing supply chain issues and are working with farmers to ensure that customers are able to access a wide range of fresh produce’, Andrew Opie, director of food and sustainability, said. Growers and suppliers in Morocco have had to contend with cold temperatures, heavy rain, flooding and cancelled ferries over the past three to four weeks – all of which have affected the volume of fruit reaching Britain. Production problems in Morocco began in January with unusually cold night-time temperatures that affected tomato ripening. These were compounded by ferry cancellations due to bad weather, hitting lorry deliveries. Supplies from Britain’s other major winter source, Spain, have also been badly affected by weather. Some producers have also reported having to cut back on their use of greenhouses due to higher electricity prices. UK producers are beginning to move into their growing season, which is expected to ease the longer term situation. Supermarket bosses are looking at what alternatives are available to produce from Spain and northern Africa. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.