Adele couldn’t contain her emotion as she cried floods of tears after seeing a man in the crowd hold up a picture of his late wife on his phone at her concert. The Easy On Me hitmaker grew more and more emotional as she walked through the audience at her Las Vegas residency show at The Colosseum At Caesars Palace on January 27. After seeing the picture close-up, Adele attempted to continue with her performance of Someone Like You but struggled to hold back her emotions as she dedicated the tear-jerking ballad to the man. She began explaining what she had witnessed to her audience: ‘When I walk through the crowd, I wish you could see what I can see. ‘Because I know I talk to a few people every night, but then I just see little stories of people happening.’ The overwhelmed singer continued: ‘There was a man, he’s just there, holding his phone up. I think that’s his wife on the phone and I don’t think she’s here and it just really moved me. ‘I’m so sorry for your loss and I didn’t realise what you were showing me until I was over here.’ She added: ‘I see these little pockets of people’s lives as I walk through and it’s so beautiful.’ In December, Adele told the crowd she had therapy ‘five times a day’ when she split from her husband. The Hello chart-topper – whose marriage to Simon Konecki ended in 2019 – told fans she is seeing a counsellor again because she stopped ‘holding [herself] accountable’ and wanted to be on top form for her residency. Adele also admitted she had previously found having an outlet to work through her feelings during her relationship difficulties extremely beneficial. Speaking on stage at her Weekends with Adele show, she said: ‘I started having therapy again because I went a few years without. I needed to start. ‘Before, obviously, when I was going through my divorce, I was basically having five therapy sessions a day. ‘But I stopped holding myself accountable for my own behaviour and the things I would say. ‘But now I am doing it because I just want to make sure I’m topping myself up every week to make sure I can give you everything.’ The 34-year-old star revealed performing live ‘fills [her] with dread’ and while she wasn’t keen on touring much, she was delighted with the residency setup. She grew tearful as she highlighted: ‘And my whole therapy session this week was really interesting. It was about these shows. ‘I always get so emotional. I love making music, but there is something about performing live that actually terrifies me and fills me with dread. ‘That is why I am not a big touring artist. I did it last time to prove I could do it. ‘But this experience of being in a room this size, I think I might be a live artist for the rest of my life.’ The popular singer – who has 10-year-old son Angelo with Simon and is now in a relationship with sports agent Rich Paul – cancelled her residency in January just days before opening night, informing fans her decision was due to her being a perfectionist. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Smith confronts crazy rumour they are Adele in drag: ‘People think we’re the same person’ MORE : Adele ‘waddles’ around stage in Las Vegas as she battles ‘really bad sciatica’ 