Ben Affleck made headlines following his appearance at the Grammys on Sunday after his bored expression made him trend on social media once again. The 50-year-old actor was accompanying his popstar wife Jennifer Lopez, 53, who donned a sheer blue dress adorned with plenty of sparkles ahead of her presenting gig for the best pop vocal album. Despite an upbeat atmosphere at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, the actor sat glum-faced next to A-list stars as they partied and bopped along to the musical performances. There was one moment in particular that spurred on the countless mentions and memes appearing of the Gone Girl star on Twitter. Standing stock still beside his glowing wife, the Hollywood A-lister didn’t move a muscle as he watched Stevie Wonder perform Higher Ground on stage. Belting out one of his greatest hits, the legendary artist had most on their feet swaying and dancing to the music – however Ben wasn’t having any of it and it didn’t go unnoticed. ‘Ben Affleck looks like he’d rather be at Dunkin’,’ one viewer tweeted in reference to the star’s famous passion for the food chain Dunkin’ Donuts. The Oscar winner’s stony-faced behaviour was met with an outpouring of hilarious jibes online that kept flooding timelines as the show went on. One penned: ‘Ben Affleck, blink if you’re okay,’ while another noted: ‘Ben Affleck looks like he’d rather be at the dentist.’ ‘Why does Ben Affleck always look like he’s 10 minutes away from crying during a much needed smoke break,’ was a fan’s response to watching the actor stand still beside his wife who appeared to be having a blast at the star-studded event. It wasn’t the first time to Good Will Hunting actor was placed at the centre of a meme tornado on social media. He caught the attention of eager Twitter users in 2016 during an interview he did with Henry Cavill to promote Batman V Superman. The term ‘Sad Affleck’ spread like wildfire after fans mocked up a collection of memes to depict Ben’s sombre fans after being asked about the lacklustre reviews on his new film. Adding to the list of times the star went viral, Ben also boasts a host of memes to his name that comment on a time he was spotted struggling to carry his beloved Dunkin’ Donuts iced coffees. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Full Grammys 2023 winners’ list as Beyoncé, Sam Smith and Kim Petras make history and Harry Styles and Adele score big MORE : Trevor Noah can’t resist mocking Prince Harry and his ‘frostbitten penis’ in savage roast at Grammys  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 