Aerial divisions in southern California have continued to patrol the skies ‘intermittently’ in the search for Julian Sands, as efforts to find the British actor reached the third-week mark. Numerous searches for the actor have been undertaken on foot and by air by the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department and other agencies, after he failed to return from a hike three weeks ago. The San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department said such efforts would normally be downgraded to a ‘passive search’ after 10 days, but that plans had been extended, as ongoing bad weather continued to hamper operations. Sands, 65, was reported missing on January 13, after failing to return from a hike in the Mount Baldy region of the San Gabriel mountains. Numerous searches for the actor have since been undertaken on foot and by air by both local and state-level agencies. On Friday, three weeks on from his disappearance, the sheriff’s department said conditions continued to be problematic. ‘Julian Sands has now been missing for three weeks,’ a spokesman told the PA news agency. ‘Our Aviation Division continues to patrol that area, intermittently, in search of Mr Sands. ‘Typically, we search for 10 days before downgrading to a passive search. In this case, with the weather precluding a continuous search, we extended those plans. ‘While weather and mountain conditions continue to be an issue, we will resume ground searches once weather conditions permit and as the snow melts.’ This comes after Sands’ hiking partner Kevin Ryan feared ‘something has gone wrong’, after explaining that Sands is ‘the most advanced hiker I know’ and would not go on a hike unprepared. ‘For me, each day that does go by puts more pressure and I guess brings a lot of doubt in,’ Ryan, 38, explained to PA. He continued: ‘But Julian is such an advanced hiker. It’s what he did. His whole life he was climbing mountains. It was a true passion of his. ‘He is beyond experienced and I’m hoping that he’s tucked away somewhere and can pull through.’ He added: ‘Obviously something has gone wrong. Hopefully with time we’ll find out and hopefully it’ll be the best result.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Julian Sands’ hiking partner fears ‘something has gone wrong’ as actor remains missing MORE : Julian Sands’ hiking partner ‘remaining hopeful’ of actor’s safe return as rescue mission passes two-week mark 