One of my favourite ways to make some extra money is via bank switching. It’s all quite simple. In order to tempt you to change from one bank to another, many will offer cash as an incentive. They’ll hope you’ll then stick around, and give them opportunities to make cash off you through things like mortgages and credit cards. For many, if they do switch bank, it’s just the once. And if you’re making money or getting a better banking experience, or hopefully both, then that’s a win. It’s all safe, too, as the process is covered by the Current Account Switch Guarantee, where all your payments in and out (except for those made through the long number on your card) are transferred over. And it can happen as fast as seven working days. You will have to close your old account as part of the switch. But there’s no rule that says you can only switch once. You can do it repeatedly, jumping from one bank to another, gathering the free cash each time. Which is what I do. Since these offers began almost a decade ago I’ve moved for money a total of 17 times, and I’m in the process of my 18th. The total cash made will stand at £2,240. And the trick to this is not to move your main current account. People are still surprised when I tell them you can, and probably should, have more than one of these, but it’s perfectly fine to do so. I’d actually look to open one just for the purpose of switching for welcome bonuses – it’s something I call a ‘dummy’ account. Once you have this, you can move it for money, then move that one for more money, and keep going until you run out of banks (and even then after a few years you can often repeat some banks). The process each time is easy enough. You might have to move some direct debits or commit to depositing a set amount in the new account within a set time. Sometimes there are additional conditions. But most of the time they’re easily achievable. If you want to do this a few times, it’s probably best to space the applications out as most new accounts will be subject to a credit check. And avoid it if you’re due to remortgage in the next six months. But in return, you can be looking at a £200 payment with no long-term commitment. All for perhaps 10 to 15 minutes of admin. Follow Andy on Twitter and Instagram via @andyclevercash. Check out becleverwithyourcash.com MORE : If you don’t bank online you may miss out on the best savings interest rates MORE : Try ditch and switch to bring down rising broadband and mobile phone bills