Dame Judi Dench has revealed she can no longer read her own scripts to learn her lines, due to advanced macular degeneration, and wants to find a machine that can help her. The Skyfall actress revealed last year that she had been finding ways to work around her loss of sight due to the condition, which affects the middle part of the vision and can start affecting people in their 50s and 60s. It doesn’t cause complete blindness but can make activities like reading and recognising faces harder. However, Dame Judi has said that reading has now ‘become impossible’. Speaking on Friday’s The Graham Norton Show, the 88-year-old says: ‘It has become impossible and because I have a photographic memory, I need to find a machine that not only teaches me my lines but also tells me where they appear on the page. ‘I used to find it very easy to learn lines and remember them. I could do the whole of Twelfth Night right now.’ Her comments come ahead of her new heart-warming film Allelujah, which she called a ‘big cheer for the NHS’. Dame Judi continued: ‘We have to be reminded of that, I think. It has come out at a very good time. The cast is wonderful, and it was heaven to do.’ In October, Dame Judi opened up about her AMD, telling Louis Theroux: ‘I don’t want to retire. I’m not doing anything much at the moment because I can’t see. ‘It’s bad, bad enough. Bad enough in that you’re quite fuzzy.’ She went on: ‘I’ve got to teach myself a new way of learning. I have a photographic memory so a person saying to me, “This is your line”- I can do that. And I have many people who can help me. ‘Nevertheless, I realise that I need to know where it is on the page. I’ll teach myself a way, I know I will. So long as I don’t trip over doing it.’ The Graham Norton Show airs tonight, Friday February 17th at 10.40pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Judi Dench gives us the energy we need for 2023 as she performs Abba duet with Sharleen Spiteri in hotel bar on New Year’s Eve MORE : Dame Judi Dench fights back tears as she recalls rushing to be by late husband Michael Williams’ side before death from lung cancer 