Piers Morgan has predictably taken another swipe at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle – and this time, it’s over the savage South Park sketch. The American animated comedy’s latest installment, titled The Worldwide Privacy Tour, aired on February 15, and made several jibes at the former working royals. ‘The prince of Canada and his wife try to find privacy and seclusion in a small mountain town,’ the episode description reads. In the savage sketch, the former royals are branded attention-seeking, as they hold  placards that read: ‘Stop looking at us!’ and ‘We want our privacy!!’ while embarking on a global tour. ‘We just want to be normal people, this attention is so hard,’ the princess comments. Speaking on his TalkTV show on Wednesday, Piers introduced the South Park episode as ‘so funny’, going on to say: ‘There are rumours they [Harry and Meghan] might be suing, because they sue everybody over everything normally and especially if it’s true or if people are being intrusive because they want to save it for themselves so they can intrude on their own lives.’ He went on: ‘The thing about these two they can’t laugh at themselves, they don’t have that valve at all. ‘I think being a global laughing stock as they’ve been made by South Park, they won’t take it the way Rob suggests as a badge of honour, they’ll be absolutely seething.’ Piers added that the South Park sketch addresses the former royals’ ‘hypocrisy about bleating all the time about privacy and then doing Netflix series, books, blah, blah, it’s so ridiculous’. He continued by echoing previous claims of not wanting to see Harry and Meghan at King Charles’ coronation in May, amid speculation of whether the couple will attend. This follows news that a royal source told The Spectator that their portrayal on the series has ‘upset and overwhelmed’ Meghan over the last few days. They also added that she is ‘annoyed by South Park but refuses to watch it all’. Media correspondent Neil Sean told Fox News: ‘According to sources close to the ex-royals, it appears that, like so many things with Meghan and Harry, this may have legal ramifications attached. ‘Their legal team are casting an eye over the episode to see what is wrong, and what could be turned into something more sinister.’ South Park is available to stream on Paramount Plus. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  MORE : Piers Morgan’s ‘skin crawls’ over ‘cultural vandalism’ of Roald Dahl’s books being edited MORE : Piers Morgan called out for claiming Prince Harry ‘invaded privacy’ of woman who took virginity – as she gives tell-all interview 