A dad threatened to crash a car with his twin kids and ex-wife inside because she asked him for child maintenance money. Glyn Jones, 44, exploded into a fit of rage when Grace Jones told him he had not paid a penny in 10 months, a court heard. He shouted: ‘You are a selfish money grabbing b***h,’ before launching into a foul-mouthed rant. Meanwhile, his two children, both aged 12, sobbed and begged their dad to calm down, saying ‘please don’t’ and ‘stop it’. He was questioned by police after one of the kids recorded the incident on a phone. Jones claimed his ex-wife was trying to control him, and accused her of using threatening behaviour, but this was not recorded. In a victim statement, Mrs Jones said the pair married after a ‘whirlwind romance’. She said while her ex can be ‘a lovely fantastic father, gentle and good’, it was ‘totally outshone’ by his ‘temper and narcissistic ways’. ‘I felt that my personality changed,’ she said. ‘I had to put my personality in a box and put it on a shelf. ‘He did not like me going out and having my own life. I found that any good that he does, he throws back in my face. ‘If I asked him to give me a lift he would say “no problem”, and then later that day he would say something had come up. ‘I was so unhappy. When with him I was very alone but I would rather be alone than in bad company. ‘Whatever I did was never good enough for him. All I ever wanted from him was to be polite, to be a good dad and pay maintenance. ‘I do not want to keep the kids from seeing their dad but their mental health comes first and I cannot let him affect them the way he has affected me. ‘I am happy for civil proceedings to decide how and when he sees them. I do not want him in my life at all.’ Defending, Steven Alis, said: ‘He clearly became very stressed during that exchange. He acknowledges that what he did was wrong and acknowledges that it did have an affect on his children.’ Judge Charles Platt told him: ‘The bench finds this incident extremely distressing. The two children in the car with you were not able to remove themselves from the source of what was happening. It was an extremely unpleasant situation.’ Jones, from Neston, Cheshire, admitted threatening behaviour but blamed his outburst on him being ‘hormonal’ due to having Addison’s disease. He avoided jail with a 16-week sentence, suspended for 24 months. The prosecutor also asked for a restraining order to protect his ex-wife from further contact, which was granted for three years. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.