Anya Taylor-Joy arrived on the Bafta’s red carpet on Sunday looking like something straight out of a fairytale. The star donned a magical caped looked by Schiaparelli and those watching red carpet arrivals at home were totally blown away by her ethereal get-up. After the 26-year-old floated down the carpet, one person wrote on Twitter: ‘Anya in Schiaparelli is genuinely changing my life.’ Another social media user penned: ‘anya taylor joy may not serve all the time at red carpets but when she does it’s always a moment!’ Other comments included: ‘anya Taylor joy looks gorggggg’ and ‘one thing about anya taylor joy: she will always serve.’ We second that. Elsewhere, Jamie Lee Curtis and Cate Blanchett were among the stars wearing a blue ribbon at the Bafta film awards to show their support for refugees and displaced people around the world. Colin Farrell, Paul Mescal and Angela Bassett were also brandishing the #WithRefugees ribbon. Speaking to PA about why she wanted to wear the ribbon, supporting actress nominee Jamie said: ‘My friend Cate Blanchett is asking people to remind us all in the midst of all the season of shiny things that of course there are terrible refugee crises going on all over the world everywhere all at once and we need to do our part.’ It comes after earthquakes hit Turkey and Syria, killing an estimated 44,000 and displacing thousands more. On the night, Netflix’s anti-war epic All Quiet On The Western Front leads the pack with 14 nominations. The Banshees Of Inisherin, starring Colin Farrell, and Everything Everywhere All At Once, featuring Michelle Yeoh, follow close behind with 10 nominations each. The bash could see Irish star Farrell take home the first Bafta of his 25-year career. He is nominated in the best actor in a leading role category for the first time but faces tough opposition from Austin Butler for Elvis, Brendan Fraser for The Whale, Paul Mescal for Aftersun, Bill Nighy for Living and Daryl McCormack for Good Luck To You, Leo Grande. All Quiet On The Western Front, directed by German filmmaker Edward Berger and based on the 1929 novel of the same name by Erich Maria Remarque, is nominated for top gongs including best film, best director and best film not in the English language. It has equalled 2000’s Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon as the film not in the English language with the most nominations in Bafta history. The Banshees Of Inisherin and its cast of Irish talent are being touted as potential big winners of the night. The film, set on a remote island off the coast of Ireland, sees Farrell’s character devastated when his friend, played by Brendan Gleeson, puts an end to their lifelong friendship. This year’s Baftas ceremony has moved to the Royal Festival Hall from its previous location of the Royal Albert Hall, which had hosted the show since 2017. The Prince and Princess of Wales will attend for the first time in three years. The Bafta Film Awards are this year hosted by Richard E Grant. MORE : Katie Price confirms she’s single despite being spotted with ex Carl Woods in Thailand MORE : Pink denies throwing shade at Christina Aguilera and has ‘zero’ interest in drama amid decades-long feud  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 