This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. From the boyfriend manicure to sweetheart nails for Valentine’s Day, nail art is everywhere at the moment. But if you don’t have brain-surgeon steady hands, some of the designs seem impossible – until now. Watercolour nails (sometimes known as stained glass nails) are set to be the next big mani trend. And the best thing about them? They’re meant to look imperfect – just like the paint colours blurring together. Nail tech, founder and CEO of Ciaté London, Charlotte Knight says that you don’t need a trip to the salon to get this look. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘Last summer, we saw lots of swirls and shapes on the nail done in a way where you needed a bit of skill and a steady hand. ‘This watercolour technique is an even looser shape, which makes it easier to recreate at home. ‘And the lovely thing about this technique is how the colours blend together softly, reminiscent of a painting, so imperfections are embraced.’ To start off your manicure, you’ll need a ‘blank canvas’ colour, such as a natural pink. ‘To get this watercolour effect started, you want to ensure your polishes are runny to look as close to paint as possible,’ says Charlotte. ‘You can create a runnier finish by pouring some topcoat into your polish or mixing them together on a surface.’ Next, you’ll need to start blending your colour together. Charlotte says: ‘You want to use a small brush to create some loose, wavy shapes on the nail. ‘Once dry, you can repeat this with as many different colours as you’d like until you create your ideal colour palette. This new sheer formula you’ve created shouldn’t be too bulky so should layer well.’ All that’s left to do is make your nail shine. ‘For a glossy finish on top, use your favourite topcoat to seal in your new design.’ These are our favourite polishes for the job. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Here’s how to re-create Nicola Peltz Beckham’s ‘blizzard nails’ MORE : Nude nails are absolutely everywhere – here’s how to get the look at home