Bruce Willis’ family have rallied around the action icon – and each other – amid his diagnosis with frontotemporal dementia. The 67-year-old retired from acting last year after he suffered from aphasia, with his loved ones confirming the news on social media. In an update shared on Thursday, his wife Emma Heming Willis, former partner Demi Moore and the children they both share with the Die Hard actor, explained that his condition had worsened, as he had been diagnosed with the ‘cruel’ brain disorder. An insider has now shed light on how the family are coping, revealing that they are all ‘closer than ever’ as they continue to focus on him. Emma ‘has the biggest support system’ that ‘she couldn’t be more grateful’, a source told People Magazine, emphasizing her bond with Demi – who is mom to Scout, Rumer and Tallulah with Bruce. ‘She is trying to make as many positive memories for them as she can,’ they added of her efforts with daughters Evelyn and Mabel. ‘She wants them to remember Bruce as an amazing, fun dad. She wants them to have the best memories of him.’ Just last year, it was announced that Bruce would be stepping away from the limelight to concentrate on his health after being diagnosed with aphasia – a degenerative condition that affects speech and communication, usually caused by damage to the brain. The family offered an update this week, expressing their ‘deepest gratitude’ for the ‘outpouring of love’ they had received. ‘In the spirit of that, we wanted to give you an update about our beloved husband, father and friend since we now have a deeper understanding of what he is experiencing,’ their statement read. ‘Since we announced Bruce’s diagnosis of aphasia in spring 2022, Bruce’s condition has progressed and we now have a more specific diagnosis: frontotemporal dementia (known as FTD). ‘Unfortunately, challenges with communication are just one symptom of the disease Bruce faces. While this is painful, it is a relief to finally have a clear diagnosis.’ ‘FTD is a cruel disease that many of us have never heard of and can strike anyone,’ it continued. ‘Today there are no treatments for the disease, a reality that we hope can change in the years ahead. ‘As Bruce’s condition advances, we hope that any media attention can be focused on shining a light on this disease that needs far more awareness and research.’ Hollywood stars spoke out in support of the family over the news, showering Bruce in love on social media. Frontotemporal dementia is an umbrella term for brain disorders that mostly affects the frontal and temporal lobes, with portions of the lobes ‘shrinking’. The cause is usually unknown and symptoms can vary between sufferers, with some showing signs of dramatic changes in their personality, while others are unable to communicate properly. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Even The Great British Bake Off boss admits backlash over series 13 was ‘valid’ MORE : Extreme Sisters star Lucy DeCinque wants healthy tooth removed after twin’s painful infection  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 