The concept of working from home being a ‘bonus’, or ‘perk’, is a distant memory. Since the pandemic, it’s become the norm for many. And there’s no denying that most employees enjoy the flexibility, reduced commute time, and travel savings that come with working remotely. So much so, that a third have admitted they would quit if they were forced to return to office full-time. But while there are advantages to working remotely (we’re looking at you hush trips), it’s important to not let visibility slip through your fingertips. As LinkedIn’s career expert Charlotte Davies explains: ‘As more people return to the office, for those working remotely, being visible when you’re not in the same room can feel difficult – especially when trying to demonstrate your commitment to the role and potentially progress in your career.’ After all, you don’t want a remote set-up to stop you advancing your career, building relationships, or even landing your next promotion. So how can you make an impression and be more visible when you’re not seeing colleagues and managers IRL? If you want to continue to work remotely, but don’t want it to affect career progression and opportunities, here’s how to make yourself more visible while WFH. One of the biggest things about working remotely is that we only have our pets, partners and flatmates for company. So, because you won’t bump into senior managers, you need to make more of an effort to be seen. Career coach Laura Cloke says: ‘Speak up in meetings if you have the chance, message senior colleagues with updates on your work and book in catch ups with people who you need to be in front of. ‘A 10-minute video call with a key person will help to keep you in mind if you are not in the office.’ Charlotte also stresses the importance of replying promptly and maintaining face time with your colleagues and managers. She says: ‘Check in with them first thing in the morning and throughout the day. When it comes to tasks, let them know that you’re on the case and provide a timeframe for completion. ‘It’s important to understand what form of communication works best for your manager and their time. Whether that’s sending a quick message on email or jumping on a short call. ‘ It can be easy to fall into bad habits of solely Slacking or emailing. Sometimes we forget that a call or Zoom is a far better way to communicate. Laura adds: ‘It is often a better way to communicate if you have lots of details to sort out and you also get to have the sort of chat you have when bumping into a colleague in the office.’ It might sound obvious, but just being visible to your colleagues will make a difference. So be sure to have your camera turned on in video meetings. Charlotte says: ‘Showing face shows engagement and that you’re focusing on the conversation. While you’re not in the same room, having a form of “physical” presence feels more personal than a blank screen.’ Don’t just view Microsoft Teams or Slack as a way of oraganising meetings and asking for requests, use it to be present with your colleagues – just like you would in an office environment. Laura says: ‘Share interesting articles and provide comment on topics related to your work. ‘You can also use it to celebrate all your wins – don’t wait for the end of a project to share your accomplishments, make a point of talking about what is working well or what challenges you have overcome as you go along.’ There’s no denying that working remotely can sometimes make you feel a little detached and out the loop with your company. But try to keep your career goals in mind to stay present and to ensure you’re given credit where credit is due. It’ll also make you more aware of the additional things you might need to do to get noticed – whether it’s speaking up, or checking in with managers more frequently. Charlotte says: ‘Even though it might not come naturally to all of us, be assertive with your employer, and start making a conscious effort to be your own cheerleader. ‘Regularly highlighting the progress you’ve made, successes you’ve had, and the knowledge you’ve gained will all help to demonstrate why you deserve recognition for your work.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the most common work dreams and what they actually mean MORE : Is your manager a ‘seagull boss’, who flies in, dumps on everyone, then flies off? MORE : ‘Quiet thriving’ is the latest workplace trend all about re-engaging with work – without burning out