BBC News has been forced to issue an apology after accidentally using a photo of Viola Davis alongside a headline about Beyoncé’s historic Grammy Awards success. The singer achieved record-breaking status at Sunday night’s awards ceremony, where she scooped up four gongs – including best R&B song for Cuff It and best dance/electronic music album for Renaissance – taking her to 32 overall. The previous record holder was the late Hungarian-British conductor Georg Solti, who achieved 31 Grammys over the course of his career. However, when the broadcaster reported on Beyoncé’s triumph later that evening, the news channel used a picture of actress Viola Davis at the Golden Globes earlier this month alongside the superimposed caption ‘Beyonce’s big night’. Viewers were quick to spot the error and discuss it on Twitter, with one sharing a screenshot of the blunder, writing: ‘Who’s gonna tell @BBCNews?’ ‘I’m guessing it’s a mistake but with all their resources BBC have zero excuse for this,’ responded another social media user. However, others claimed it was a screengrab from a video showing rolling coverage of various Grammy winners, including Davis and Harry Styles, running with the Beyoncé tagline. ‘Guys it’s a still image of a video,’ wrote one person, while another added: ‘I actually think this is just a case where they ran the major headline across the televised coverage, basically the tagline isn’t changing regardless of who is on the screen throughout the segment.’ Regardless, BBC News took to Twitter on Monday to apologise for the reported error, saying it ‘fell below’ their usual standards. The statement read: ‘We apologise for the mistake last night when our news channels briefly showed a photograph of Viola Davis from January’s Golden Globes alongside a headline about Beyoncé at yesterday’s Grammys. ‘This fell below the BBC’s usual standards.’ Davis also scored big at the Grammys, officially achieving EGOT status by adding a Grammy for the audio recording of her autobiography Finding Me in the best spoken word category to her haul of four Emmys, an Oscar and three Tonys. Dubbed the ‘grand slam’ of showbusiness, the star has now joined a club of only 17 other people in history to have EGOT status, including John Legend, Audrey Hepburn and Jennifer Hudson. Beyoncé’s other wins on the night were best traditional R&B performance for Plastic Off the Sofa and best dance/electronic recording for Break My Soul. However, she missed out on album of the year, alongside Adele, to Harry Styles and his third studio album, Harry’s House. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Aaron Carter’s fiancée outraged at ‘vile’ Grammys for leaving late singer out of In Memoriam segment MORE : Cardi B proves she’s queen of the carpet in electric blue structural Grammys gown  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 