Two police officers will face misconduct cases over the handling of reports of indecent exposure by killer cop Wayne Couzens. A Metropolitan Police constable and a Kent Police sergeant could face disciplinary action over the handling of the reports of indecent exposure, according to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC). It comes after Couzens, who is currently serving a whole life term for the abduction, rape and murder of Sarah Everard, pleaded guilty to three counts of indecent exposure in court yesterday. The Met police constable will face allegations they breached police standards of professional behaviour for ‘duties and responsibilities for alleged failings over the way inquiries were progressed.’ They are also accused of breaching the standards relating to honesty and integrity over parts of an account provided to IOPC investigators in respect of the failings. Former Met officer Couzens, abused his power as an officer to ensnare the 33-year-old marketing officer as she walked home from a friend’s house in south London. Couzens pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey to the incidents between November 2020 and February 2021. He was serving as an armed officer at the time and admitted exposing his genitals in three incidents on November 13, 2020 and February 14 and February 27, 2021. The guilty pleas relate to an incident in woodland in Kent in 2020 and two at a fast-food restaurant. The IOPC carried out an investigation looking at whether inquiries were ‘adequately carried out and supervised’ between the officer’s visit to the restaurant on March 3 and a week later, when a different team took over. The police body said it considered whether all policies were followed when gathering CCTV evidence, checking a vehicle used by Couzens, and if evidence was dealt with correctly. It has also completed a separate investigation into Kent Police’s handling of a report alleging that a man driving a car indecently exposed himself to a pedestrian in Dover in June, 2015. The vehicle was identified as belonging to Couzens. An IOPC spokesperson said: ‘We concluded that the constable has a case to answer for gross misconduct and it will be for the MPS to organise the misconduct hearing, at which a panel led by an independent and legally qualified chair will decide whether the allegations are proven. ‘We also found that another MPS officer had no case to answer, regarding their supervision of the indecent exposure enquiries.’ IOPC Regional Director Sal Naseem said: ‘We have been unable to publish our findings until now due to the risk of prejudicing criminal proceedings against Couzens. ‘Now that those have concluded it will be for the Metropolitan and Kent police forces to organise disciplinary proceedings which will consider the evidence we have gathered and determine whether the allegations against the officers are proven or not.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.