Graham Norton and Nick Grimshaw are two of 10 journalists and hosts nominated for Metro.co.uk’s broadcasting category in this year’s British LGBT Awards. Since 2007, Graham has brought us some of TV’s biggest moments as stars flock year after year to The Graham Norton Show to promote their projects and have a laugh with the 59-year-old household name. Similarly, 39-year-old Nick – or ‘Grimmy’ – entertained BBC Radio 1 listeners for 14 years before he stepped down in August 2021 – a move which he recently revealed felt ‘like dying’. Now, the two are getting a bit of love via Britain’s biggest LGBT+ awards event which will take to the red carpet in London on June 23. Metro.co.uk is sponsoring this particular category, which also includes comedy powerhouse Gina Yashere, fashionista Gok Wan, Paul O’Grady, comedian Rosie Jones, RuPaul Charles, Burnt Roti founder Sharan Dhaliwal, The Transgender Issue writer Shon Faye, and Sue Perkins. Since its conception in 2015, the awards has celebrated prominent LGBT+ stars and allies who inspire the community and are working to improve their rights. England’s Lionesses unsurprisingly lead the sports personality category, with Leah Williamson, Beth Mead and I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here queen Jill Scott all shortlisted to take home the prize. Up for the celebrity ally award, previously won by Prince William, are Harry Potter’s Emma Watson, the icon that is Harry Styles, RuPaul’s Drag Race judge Michelle Visage and legendary actor Sir Patrick Stewart Meanwhile, actors Emma Corrin and Luke Evans will battle it out for the celebrity of the year award, while Lizzo and Anne-Marie go head-to-head for music artist of the year. In other fun news, Joe Lycett is up for media moment of the year for his £10,000 shredding protest against David Beckham for the ex-footballer’s involvement in the Qatar World Cup, which proved a controversial event for its backwards stance on LGBT+ rights and human rights more generally. Metro.co.uk is also shortlisted for the top 10 marketing campaigns category for donning our rainbow Pride banner during the World Cup, which we included to show solidarity with the LGBT+ community at such a time. Speaking about the 2023 nominations, British LGBT Awards founder Sarah Garrett MBE said it was ‘more important than ever that we shine a light on those who have stood shoulder-to-shoulder with the LGBT+ community, during what has been another very challenging 12 months for the community’. She added: ‘The nominees, which include an exciting mix of famous LGBT+ faces, allies and organisations have all demonstrated a commitment to advancing LGBT+ rights. ‘The awards on 23 June will be a huge celebration of our culture and we’re so proud to continue championing the LGBT+ voice.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Graham Norton ‘rejected’ opportunity to join Britain’s Got Talent judging panel following David Walliams controversy MORE : Nick Grimshaw’s departure from BBC Radio 1 ‘felt like dying’ 