Valentine’s Day is on the horizon, which means the coupled-up among us will be celebrating their love. But even those who aren’t attached will be experiencing some cosmic energy around the most romantic day of the year – and if you tap into it, you may end up meeting your match. This tarot reading is angled towards those who are single and looking for love (or, dare I say, those just looking for love). We will draw two cards for each star sign – one to determine who might be on the cards for you and one to determine how and where you can meet them. Because that’s what you truly want to know, right? Let the tarot guide you towards your true love this Valentine’s season. March 21 to April 20 Valentine’s tarot cards for Aries: Eight of Coins, Two of Swords Meaning: An incredibly hardworking, successful, ambitious and determined Earth sign (Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn) is on the cards for you. This person could be in and around your workplace, or someplace you go regularly to work on your finances, career prospects, health and fitness, or even home improvements. The Two of Swords shows you will meet them within the next eight weeks, but February looks likely. This will happen when you’re busy making some kind of important decision! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Valentine’s tarot cards for Taurus: Six of Coins, Four of Wands Meaning: A kind, giving, earnest and loyal, trustworthy Earth sign (Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn) is on the cards for you. This person could be linked to work, but might also be in and around your local community or school, they are known as a great person who always shows up and does good deeds. The Four of Wands shows you will meet them within the next four weeks, and you will both be doing something related to improvement, learning, or even networking. You’re both on the up and up, and this is what you connect over. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Valentine’s tarot cards for Gemini: Ace of Wands, Ace of Coins Meaning: A new-to-the-scene, sparky, up-for-anything, fun loving Fire sign (Aries, Leo, Sagittarius) is on the cards for you. This person is new to the area/workplace/social circle/community. They bring a wave of optimism and enthusiasm to wherever they’re at. Immediately charismatic. The Ace of Coins shows you will meet them within the year, but May looks likely. You are both attending a new venue, class, social event, workplace etc. You are both doing something new for the first time and this is what you bond over. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Valentine’s tarot cards for Cancer: Four of Cups, The Lovers Meaning: A soulful, enigmatic, slightly tragic but dramatic and dangerous Water sign (Pisces, Cancer, Scorpio) is on the cards for you. This person might well be someone you’ve already met or passed by and maybe didn’t fully see or engage with before… but that will change. The Lovers shows you will meet them between now and June, and this will be an immediate ‘thing’, possibly a one-night-stand (that carries on to many more nights). This has major passionate and sexual chemistry all around it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Valentine’s tarot cards for Leo: Strength, Knight of Swords Meaning: A fellow Leo is on the cards for you. This person is challenging and fascinating and triggers some kind of personal enlightenment, epiphany or growth in you that is life-changing! They bring new ideas and energy into your world but, because they ‘get’ you, they make it all so easy. The Knight of Swords shows you will meet them in a somewhat sparky way, which is a nice way of saying you might not like them much initially (although you will be attracted). They are perhaps pushing your buttons, or part of an argument. Stick with it. Don’t judge too quickly. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Valentine’s tarot cards for Virgo: Ten of Wands, King of Cups Meaning: An intense, hardworking, go-getting Fire sign (Leo, Aries, Sagittarius) is on the cards for you. This person could be linked to an activity you do that challenges or tires you (personal trainer?) and they are likely to be quite an upfront, on-the-go character. Perhaps they inspire you? The King of Cups shows you will meet them in March, maybe as late as July, and though you are very different personalities the connection, chemistry and attraction is genuine, mutual and immediate. You feel like you’ve meet a soul mate. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Valentine’s tarot cards for Libra: Seven of Swords, the Wheel of Fortune Meaning: A super sharp, irresistible, enigmatic, slightly dangerous Air sign (Gemini, Libra, Aquarius) is on the cards for you. This person is perhaps someone you should not, for some reason, be dallying with… but the heart wants what the heart wants. The Wheel of Fortune shows this will all come about from an unexpected place/meeting/connection, and has the potential to really rock your world! This is going to be passionate barnstormer of a love affair – buckle up. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Valentine’s tarot cards for Scorpio: Nine of Swords, The Empress Meaning: A shrewd, worldly, slightly damaged (though, aren’t we all) Air sign (Gemini, Libra, Aquarius) is on the cards for you. They are deep, soulful, knowing. They have been through it and you can connect about life’s dark underbelly and the terrible things people do (a fave topic of yours). The Empress shows this love has soul mate and happy-ever-after potential. You could meet by, or around, summertime. May looks good. This is a head-over-heels from day one kind of thing. Intense, just like you like it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Valentine’s tarot cards for Sagittarius: Five of Coins, The Hermit Meaning: A wise, old soul, experienced, compassionate, and understanding Earth sign (Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn) is on the cards for you. This person has recently(ish) endured some kind of trauma or loss or grief. They are through the worst, but still a little weathered. They need your sunshine! The Hermit shows you will meet someplace where it’s just the two of you, perhaps for a prolonged period (a journey?) and you get talking, and get close very fast. You open up to each other and feel you can share your most inner thoughts. They are serious and steadfast. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Valentine’s tarot cards for Capricorn: Two of Wands, Knight of Cups Meaning: A fun, carefree, go-with-the-flow Fire sign (Leo, Aries, Sagittarius) is on the cards for you. This person grows on you. At first impression, you might think they’re not your usual type (you’re right) but they win you over with their easy charm, humour and attentiveness. The Knight of Cups shows this has massive potential longer term. Opposites attract. You might meet come March and things will get off to a shaky start and then suddenly ramp up into something really quite intense. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Valentine’s tarot cards for Aquarius: Death, Ten of Swords Meaning: A totally different kind of character who changes your life is on the cards for you. They could be a Scorpio. They are deep, wise, spiritual, fearless, eccentric, out there, and independent. You are magnetised to them. The Ten of Swords shows you will meet them within the next 10 weeks, but February looks likely. This card is about endings, leaving, departures, so perhaps you have a romance before then which you cut off as soon as you meet this powerful person. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Valentine’s tarot cards for Pisces: Four of Swords, Temperance Meaning: A chilled out, take-it-as-it-comes and spiritually minded Air sign (Gemini, Libra, Aquarius) is on the cards for you. This person is chilling out in some way when you meet – be that at the spa or gym, off sick from work, or recovering from some kind of illness or injury. Temperance shows you’ll meet someplace off the beaten track, outside of your usual haunts, so be sure to visit new places this winter and spring. They appear unexpectedly. And you’re not sure at first, but this connection has long term potential . Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Mercury in Aquarius brings unexpected conversations your way – your star sign’s tarot forecast MORE : Valentine’s Day gift ideas whatever your budget – and relationship status MORE : The astrological traits your star sign should amplify to attract love