Owen Warner has revealed why he doesn’t want to watch his ex-girlfriend Lana Jenkins on Love Island. The I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! finalist dated Lana back in 2020, following his split from fellow Hollyoaks actress Stephanie Davies. At the time, the soon-to-be islander confirmed her romance with Owen on social media with the pair posting a loved up photo of them to Instagram in June 2020. However, their love was not to last and they went their separate ways after a couple of months. Despite not being together, Owen gushed over Lana, saying: ‘She’s a lovely girl and people will love her, but I’m not going to be watching. ‘I feel like watching your ex move on to other people is a bit weird.’ He continued to The Mirror: ‘I wish her luck… no doubt she’s going to smash it’. Early on in this series of Love Island, Lana revealed to Ron Hall (who she’s been getting to know in the villa) that she used to date Owen. He said: ‘So basically I’m competing with someone who’s just come runner-up on a massive show and who’s an actor and I work in finance, yeah, erm, sick. This is great.’ Later, in the Beach Hut he added: ‘That was a shock, I don’t really know what to think about it…’ Ahead of going on the show, Lana spoke about her relationship with Owen, echoing his reasoning that she didn’t watch I’m A Celebrity because she thought it was ‘weird’. ‘We had a bit of a lockdown relationship, so we spent a lot of time together,’ she said. ‘And then when we ended, we ended amicably, so I have nothing bad to say in terms of our relationship and the time that we spent together.’ Lana confessed that she did tune in to watch the final of I’m A Celebrity, having decided to ‘watch it out of support’ as it was ‘amazing’ that he reached that stage of the competition. However, the rest of the series passed her by. ‘I just thought it’s a bit weird to watch your ex for an hour on telly every evening, so I didn’t bother,’ she shared. ‘But I did send him a message when he got out and was like, “Well done. That’s amazing that you came runner-up.” So it was nice.’ Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ulrika Jonsson defends Molly-Mae Hague after Love Island star splashes out on £5,000 cot for baby Bambi MORE : Love Island star Teddy Soares shuts down speculation over Faye Winter ‘split’ 