This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Modibodi is well-known for its comfy period pants and oh-so absorbent leak-proof swimwear and now, the brand has launched an ‘all-gender’ collection that looks pretty revolutionary. The new items include the Pride Longline Short – the first ever period underpant that can hold a packer, designed to empower trans masculine people who have periods.The new design is being introduced alongside a limited Pride edition of the brand’s best-selling X brief. Through the launch of the underwear, Modibodi is hoping to use its platform to break societal taboos and drive awareness about menstrual inclusion for all bodies and all genders. Trans masc model Oscar McGregor is also working with the brand to help describe the breadth of menstrual experiences. Oscar featured in an intimate campaign video designed to educate others and celebrate all people who menstruate. For Oscar, being a part of the campaign is helping him too. ‘To me breaking the taboo that only women menstruate means that all people with periods can feel heard and affirmed in their experience rather than stigmatised by society,’ he said. ‘As a member of the trans masc. community, navigating my experience of period care can be extremely dysmorphic. ‘The whole narrative around menstruation is very feminine and as someone who doesn’t recognise themselves in this gendered language it can be a really challenging experience every month. ‘Working with Modibodi as part of this campaign has enabled me to not only give voice to mine and my community’s experiences, but to also be part of a practical real-world solution in period care.’ The innovative new Pride Longline Short comes in a light-moderate absorbency and is designed with a breathable merino wool gusset. Prices vary depending on size, going from £26 to £29. The short also helps to control odour and the black coloured lining stops unwanted stains. Meanwhile, the ‘packer’ pouch at the front offers the space for a packer or prosthetic penis should you require it. As part of the campaign, Modibodi has partnered with Twenty10, one of Australia’s largest and longest running LGBTQIA+ organisations, to help support the LGBTQIA+ community and elevate their voices. The brand is also donating a portion of their Pride collection period pants sales to Twenty10’s programmes. Charissa Lanham, Modibodi design and innovation director said of the products: ‘Our new collection has been designed with the LGBTQIA+ community at its heart. ‘We have created a product which enables people to experience their period as comfortably as possible. By working with Twenty10 and directly engaging with the LGBTQIA+ community to discuss both the product design and campaign, we have been able to develop period pants that enable people to feel comfortable in their own experience and body with the products they need to support them in any situation.. Jain Moralee, Twenty10 co-executive director, added: ‘It’s fantastic to work with a brand like Modibodi, who so deeply believe in normalising the conversation about the breadth of menstrual experiences and are committed to developing their understanding of the realities of LGBTIQA+ communities.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘It is the time to do this’ – Boxing to introduce new transgender category in 2023 MORE : This underwear is designed to help you feel sexy on your period MORE : Keep your perfume away from our period products