Alejandro Garnacho had his first game to forget for Manchester United as Erik ten Hag’s side were held to a 2-2 draw by Leeds United on Wednesday evening. United went behind in the opening minute as Wilfried Gnonto’s superb strike put Leeds in front and the hosts were unable to make a breakthrough despite dominating the majority of the first half. Garnacho spurned two excellent chances to pull United level before the break and Ten Hag’s side were made to pay as an own goal from Raphael Varane doubled Leeds’ advantage in the 48th minute. The 18-year-old was replaced by Facundo Pellistri just before the hour mark and United went on to salvage a point with goals from Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho. Garnacho received plenty of encouragement from United supporters after the game as the winger was quick to acknowledge that he had an off night. Garnacho wrote on Instagram after United’s draw with Leeds: ‘When you don’t understand what is happening, remember that God is in control. ‘I trust the plan you have for me.’ Meanwhile, Ten Hag highlighted Garnacho’s two missed chances during his post-match debrief and claims United made the game more difficult with their lack of cutting edge in front of goal. ‘It shows once again this is a good team, shows good character, we also played good football, created many chances but what we missed was being clinical in front of goal,’ Ten Hag told MUTV. ‘Garnacho, twice, in the first half, if you equalise before half time the game is much more easier. If you get the equaliser quick after half time then you will fly. ‘Now you bring the opponent in the game twice and that is disappointing but it was 2-2, we fought back and made great goals. ‘It was the first remark at half time, ‘be ready, be on the front foot when the game starts’. If you concede twice then you are not ready for the game, that is when I have to criticise my team. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 