A mum says she is ‘devastated’ after ‘heartless’ thieves stole her eldest son’s car with his younger brother’s ashes inside. Popular Rugby College student Jamie Rees, 18, died four days after suffering a cardiac arrest in the early hours of New Year’s Day 2022. His older brother has since kept a photograph of him along with some of his ashes in his Volkswagen Golf GTD, which was stolen from nearby Wolvey in the early hours of February 16. Jamie’s mum Naomi, from Warwickshire, said of the theft: ‘We’re devastated. ‘My son carried some of Jamie’s ashes in the car with him and a photograph of Jamie is in the dashboard of the car, so they would have literally had to be looking at Jamie as they were stealing the car.’ Her family has put up a £1,000 reward for information leading to the car’s safe return. Chief Inspector Jim Rankin, policing commander for the Rugby area, said: ‘This incident is an example of the heartless nature of these criminals, and we are investigating.’ The OurJay Foundation, set up last year in memory of Jamie, has raised tens of thousands of pounds for more than 35 defibrillators and counting to be fitted in prominent locations across Rugby. The charity, which has picked up from where the JustGiving page left off in the wake of the teenager’s sad passing, also raises awareness about the importance of having automated external defibrillators publicly accessible at all times. A lack of publicly accessible defibs in Rugby, and a long delay in critical care reaching Jamie after he collapsed while watching fireworks with friends, are believed to have given him little chance of survival. He died at University Hospital Coventry on January 5, 2022, with his family by his bedside. Anyone with information about the vehicle theft is asked to contact Warwickshire Police on 101. Information can also be passed to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.