Schools across the country have been rocked by another wave of ‘TikTok protests’ as pupils continue to rebel against their teachers over the introduction of restrictive new rules. Last week saw a wave of demonstrations in schools throughout Yorkshire, Cornwall and Lincolnshire as pupils expressed their displeasure over a raft of changes to uniform and toilet policies. The protests were believed to have been organised on TikTok and Snapchat and have since gone attracted millions of views, prompting further uprisings around the country as the trend quickly gains momentum. Although the specific grievances vary from school-to-school, the unifying theme appears to be the introduction of increasingly strict regulations around toilet access, which have been slammed as ‘prison rules’ by students and parents alike. At Weston Secondary School in Southampton, pupils chanted ‘toilet rights’ over the introduction of unisex bathrooms which female students claim make them feel uncomfortable. The children reported worries about the same-sex toilets at the academy school after their introduction in September, but claim they were ignored by staff. Pupil Cloe, 14, told the Mail Online: ‘We don’t think it’s fair, girls in our school are not comfortable. People think it’s funny to unlock the doors while you’re in there. ‘We’re trying to tell the teachers that it’s just not fair. We’ve tried to talk to them before we did a protest but they’re just ignoring it.’ Another 14-year-old added: ‘We have gone to the headteacher about it before and they just tell you what you want to hear and don’t do anything about it. One female pupil said ‘girl emergencies’ mean they should be allowed to use the toilet without having to wait ‘up to two hours’ for a break or lunchtime. ‘You’re also not allowed to leave lessons to go to the toilet which isn’t fair on girls who are menstruating. ‘If you have a girl emergency you should be allowed to go to the toilet when you need to.’ Meanwhile, a school in Blackpool has denied claims of a ‘mass rebellion’ after pupils staged a protest in defiance of basic school rules. Stephen Cooke, headteacher at Blackpool’s Unity Academy said the uprisings were part of a social media trend which saw pupils ‘protest’ issues  that are of concern to them by not conforming and moving to lessons as they normally would. Mr Cooke said the trend started last week and since then has built momentum over the weekend. He added: ‘Student voice is important to the academy and in order to ensure all students had an opportunity to share concerns, form time was extended this morning by ten minutes in order to offer the opportunity for students to share these concerns, which colleagues committed to responding to later on this week.” ‘Despite providing opportunities for this morning, a very small number of the school population (less than 5 per cent) chose to take part in a protest by not going to class after the lunch break. ‘The number of students reduced quickly and they were supervised by staff at all times. The ‘protest’ lasted for around 15 minutes before being brought to a calm conclusion by staff.’ Elsewhere at Shenfield High School in Essex, footage showed students trampling books and overturning chairs in school hallways, although it remains unclear what exactly the students were protesting. Last week riot police were called into Richmond School in North Yorkshire after students started letting off fire extinguishers and kicking down doors. Local reports suggest a tree was set on fire, teachers were pushed over and windows were smashed during the furore. A parent of a pupil at Haven High in Lincolnshire, which also saw protests last week, said the unrest came after children were told they could not use the toilet during lessons. They said: ‘For some strange reason the headteacher seems to be throwing prison rules into the school where corridors and toilet blocks are locked during school time. ‘If they need the toilet or anything they have to go through this teacher and that teacher, it’s just like a prison in there. They can’t wear any sort of jewellery and no make-up. If mobile phones are switched on then they get confiscated until after school. ‘All the students protested and went onto the school field. Some teachers were trying to get them back in but they were saying “no”.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.