Celebrities love the Super Bowl. Every year, famous faces pile into whatever stadium is hosting the biggest night on the NFL calendar. Last year, the likes of Dwayne Johnson, Jay Z, Ellen DeGeneres and The Weeknd were spotted at California’s SoFi Stadium watching the Los Angeles Rams take on the Cincinnati Bengals. It won’t come as a surprise to hear that not many of them were sitting in the stands with us regular folk. Oh no. A-listers tend to take in the game from luxury suites tucked away from the masses. The Philadelphia Eagles and the Kansas City Chiefs will face off at this year’s Super Bowl, which is held on Sunday February 12 at Arizona’s State Farm stadium. Ahead of the event, which will see Rihanna take to the stage for the infamous Halftime Show, we peeked inside some of the stadium’s suite offerings, and to say they’re impressive would be an understatement. From private kitchens to an enormous pizzeria and 360° views of the field that Rihanna will belt out bangers on, those with enough cash to splash are spoilt for choice. State Farm lists three options under its premium seating section: Party Lofts, Private Lofts and Club Cabanas. All look as fancy as they sound, but amenities in each vary. Party Lofts are billed as being the best option for large groups and feature a bar area and ‘upgraded stadium seating’. The loft boasts a large lounge area that looks like a wonderful place to chug wine while busting moves to Umbrella with your nearest and dearest, and the stadium also pointed out that ‘loft attendants are on hand to personally assist throughout the event’. As for the Private Lofts, not only do those come with their own menu and viewing window, but also boast private bathrooms and kitchens. Then there are the Club Cabanas, which State Farm says are best for ‘pre-event gatherings’ and are semi-private. A tour of the cabanas reveals the space opens out onto the Club Level Concourse where there’s a pizzeria and other bar area. From there, guests have easy access to the Bubble Lounge, which looks a lot like a fancy hotel but doesn’t offer any pitch views. Right next to that is the Birds Nest buffet, where we’d spend most of our time when Rihanna wasn’t performing. The Grammy winner, 34, announced in September that she’d be headlining the Halftime Show after weeks of speculation. Rihanna’s Super Bowl gig will be her first live performance in five years, as she last took to the stage with DJ Khaled and Bryson Tiller at the Grammy Awards in 2018. The blockbuster sporting event regularly attracts over 150 million viewers in the USA alone – with millions more tuning in worldwide to catch a glimpse of the extravaganza. Of course, for many, the Halftime Show and star-studded commercials are a way bigger deal than the action taking place on the pitch. For those wanting to watch the game this weekend: it kicks off on Sunday at 11.30pm UK time and will be shown live on ITV 1 and Sky Sports Main Event. Enjoy. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Idris Elba is on the run as rogue detective returns in official Luther: The Fallen Sun trailer MORE : Hollywood legend Sir Michael Caine and glam wife Shakira spotted leaving restaurant with, er, Liz Truss  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 