Five Russian soldiers were sent flying after their blundering commander knocked them with his tank turret. Footage tweeted by Ukraine’s Ministry of Defence shows a tank swerving past another armoured vehicle which appears to be on fire. To the jaunty jingle from the late 1990s Ukrainian TV show The Village of Fools, the tank can be seen passing another tank with soldiers lined on top. But the turret turns and accidentally sweeps at least five of the troops off the tank, with one struggling to stand back up. The others appear to be unharmed and flee the clumsy chaos. The ministry tweeted: ‘The biggest threat to mobilised Russian infantry are mobilised Russian tankmen.’ The 52-second-long video was posted on January 27 and has clocked more than 1.5 million views – the ministry did not say when or where the footage was filmed. In December, the ministry shared a video of a Russian tank landing upside down after flopping off a train – all to Yakety Sax, the theme song to The Benny Hill Show. ‘Not that we are complaining. But in the future, we ask that the Russians be more careful when unloading military equipment,’ the ministry wrote. ‘And to remember that every armoured vehicle is potential lend-lease equipment for (the Ukrainian Army).’ Russia has lost at least 1,600 tanks through the course of the war, according to Dutch research group Oryx. But the lives lost on both sides are in the thousands, according to some estimates. Andrei Medvedev, a former commander of the Wagner Group, has opened up about some of the atrocities he witnessed fighting for Moscow. The group is a private Russian military force that enjoys close ties to Russian president Vladimir Putin – rights groups say members of the loose-knit entity have carried out mass civilian executions and looted conflict-struck properties. Medvedev, 26, told Reuters how he fled over the Artic border, braving barbed wire and ducking from border patrol and gunshots to cross across the Russian-Norwegian border. He is now seeking asylum in Norway. ‘Many consider me to be a scoundrel, a criminal, a murderer,’ Medvedev said. ‘First of all, repeatedly, and again, I would like to apologise, and although I don’t know how it would be received, I want to say I’m sorry. ‘I want to explain that I am not that person. Yes, I served in Wagner. There are some moments (in my story) that people don’t like, that I joined them at all, but nobody is born smart.’ The 26-year-old Siberian now hopes to see ‘the perpetrators are punished’, recalling the ‘f***ed up’ scenes of roads ‘ littered with the corpses of our soldiers’ in Artemovsk. ‘The scariest thing? To realise that there are people who consider themselves to be your compatriots, and who could come and kill you in an instant, or on someone’s orders,’ he said. ‘Your own people. That probably was the scariest thing.’ Now fears of a counteroffensive that could match the start of the war have been raised as Moscow has massed hundreds of thousands of troops in Ukraine. Kyiv intelligence estimates Russia has more than 320,000 soldiers in the country – about twice as many as it had at the beginning of the bloody war. Russia is targeting dozens of places a day in a marked increase in artillery attacks, leaving some areas of eastern Ukraine rarely silent. President Volodymyr Zelensky of Ukraine said on Monday: ‘I think that Russia really wants some kind of big revenge. ‘I think it has started it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.