On The Apprentice, Lord Alan Sugar’s aides Karren Brady and Tim Campbell usually remain neutral as they watch and assess the teams embarking on the challenges. However, Karren couldn’t hide her cynicism during tonight’s episode when one of the teams revealed the results from a market research investigation, when they found out that only a small percentage of consumers would be interested in using their product. In week seven of the 2023 series, the candidates are tasked with designing a new lunchbox aimed at six-to-eight-year-olds, alongside an app that’s supposed to encourage healthy eating among the young demographic. In an exclusive clip shared by Metro.co.uk, teammates Avi Sharma, Bradley Johnson, Marnie Swindells, Sohail Chowdhary and Rochelle Raye Anthony discuss their findings from a focus group, when they asked some children what they thought of their creation. In what is undeniably a huge blow, Avi informs them all: ‘Only one out of nine, so about 11% of the kids group said that they would use the app.’ Karren, who’s sitting against a wall behind them, grimaces at this statement, as it clearly indicates just how much more work they need to do to try and wrangle a win. That isn’t the last of the team’s kerfuffles, as a debate ensues over which of the entrepreneurs will pitch their product. While Sohail says that he wants Marnie on the pitching team, Avi pipes up to explain why he thinks he deserves the spot. ‘I would say Sohail, I’m the one person on this team who’s got the stats back to front, and so I personally believe it’s a bit of a mistake not including me in the pitch,’ he remarks. Marnie retorts: ‘I will say though, we all made notes on the stats.’ But Avi is adamant, adding: ‘Yeah, Marnie, we do all have stats. But I’ve thought very much about not just the stats, but what the stats mean.’ Nonetheless, Sohail overrules him to go with his gut by selecting Marnie, telling her: ‘I know that you can articulate things well, take the consumer side of things.’ Avi nods with a disappointed look on his face, having been unable to use his powers of persuasion to get his way. Will the team be able to back their product enough to secure a win in the boardroom, or could one of them be in the chopping block tonight? The Apprentice returns tonight at 9pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice star Reece Donnelly ‘axed from show after boozing on flight’ leaving Lord Sugar ‘furious’ MORE : The Apprentice’s Joe Phillips teases future Love Island appearance after savage exit 