EastEnders fans have been racking their brains since the debut of the show’s mysterious and exciting new trailer, which is promoting what is expected to be a huge week for the popular soap. The trailer in question, which dropped on screens last week, teases a monumental set of episodes with life-shattering events involving a number of the serial drama’s greatest female characters. ‘There is a moment just before you do something’, narrates Queen Vic landlady Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), who is seen doing her daily duties behind the bar before we move to Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner), who is working away in her food van, saying: ‘When time freezes.’ Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth), pictured in her signature cafe, adds: ‘And you think, is this really happening?’, while Minute Mart manager Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) contemplates: ‘Am I really going to do this?’ ‘And then suddenly, it’s done,’  exclaims Denise Fox (Diane Parish) from her salon, with Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) then adding outside the Queen Vic: ‘And your whole world shatters.’ Whatever this explosive event is that the women are referring to remains to be seen, but it’s safe to say that viewers are desperately trying to work out what is going on. The events of the BBC One soap’s big week, which is lined up for w/c Monday February 20, remain shrouded in mystery, but we’re taking a closer look at the trailer in a bid try and solve the conundrum and work out what may be in store for fans. The biggest question in regards to the teaser trailer is, of course, just what is it hinting at? But then, that’s the point, isn’t it? It’s TEASING with specially filmed and rather obscure scenes, rather than revealing or confirming anything via clips. Therefore, we’re not meant to know just yet. But what we do know is that something seemingly happens to draw all of Walford’s finest matriarchs together, with at least one event seemingly having an impact on them all. Or could it perhaps be a series of events, impacting each respective character in a different way? While there is nothing known about the storyline just yet, it’s worth pointing out that every character who appears in the trailer changes attire mid-way through their respective segment. Linda is pictured wearing her typical landlady clothing while working the bar, in scenes captured using a regular camera angle, before we witness her become uncomfortable -clearly disturbed by something that has transpired – wearing a different outfit, one more akin to a night out, which could suggest that something dastardly and sinister occurs while she’s away from her usual environment. What’s more, the latter angle uses a more intrusive shot, further reinforcing the upsetting situation which she finds herself in. The same series of events unfold for all of the characters in the trailer, with Stacey, Suki, Kathy and Sharon all becoming noticeably puzzled, confused and upset when in their secondary, more ‘glam’ looks. The events of the trailer are accompanied by iconic Lesley Gore track You Don’t own Me, which is largely considered a feminist anthem. Released in 1963, the song, which more recently featured in The Handmaid’s Tale, was nothing short of revolutionary, with the lyrics telling the story of a woman who refuses to do as a man tells her. The use of such a song in the EastEnders trailer, which showcases only female characters, was no doubt deliberate. Could it be indicative of one – if not more – of these Walford women fighting back against patriarchy and reclaiming their control from abusive and nasty men? Nish Panesar springs to mind, given that he’s been undermining and demeaning wife Suki since his debut in the BBC One soap last year, taking credit for her accomplishments and trying to oust her from her own business. Will Suki fight back and reclaim her power during the big week? Linda is the first character we see in the trailer, with the landlady opening the discussion about how one’s life can change in an instant following a ‘moment’, confirming that she will be pivotal to the big week. At this stage, not much is known about how she will factor in to the events of these episodes, but EastEnders boss Chris Clenshaw did previously tease that the landlady is at the centre of a storyline that’s not been done before, which will transmit in February. ‘Kellie [Bright] is going to start shooting something in January that goes out in February and it’s something that we as a show haven’t done before,’ he said back in December. ‘Linda’s at the centre of that.’ Given that this exciting batch of episodes airs in late February, around the time of EastEnders’ 38th anniversary, it’s likely that the storyline Chris is referring to will take place during this very week. But just what is the never-before-been-done storyline? Sharon’s scenes in the trailer see her staring up at the Queen Vic, as she discusses how everything ‘shatters’. The long-serving mainstay, however, doesn’t currently own or work in the pub, and instead manages the local gym. So why is it the Vic that she’s looking at? Is this an omen of things to come? It’s a possibility for sure, given that the week prior to this one, she offers to buy Mick’s half of the boozer following Janine Butcher’s decision to sell. But is it something that she’ll come to regret? Could that perhaps be what the trailer is hinting at? Denise has been growing increasingly closer to Ravi Gulati, with husband Jack Branning repeatedly taking her for granted, in addition to taking his frustrations out on her. Will the week in question see the Salon manager finally give into temptation and commence a full-blown affair with charming Ravi? Or is her involvement in relation to something else entirely? One particularly theory doing the rounds with fans is that EastEnders could be lining up a flash-forward episode – or series of episodes. The BBC One soap, while occasionally dabbling in the business of flashback episodes, has yet to tackle a proper flash-forward episode, one where the characters are seen doing something out of their comfort zone in a scene set in the future, with each episode then dropping little hints as we move closer and closer to the event itself, before all is revealed in a big unmissable outing. Emmerdale has utilised this formula on a number of occasions over the past few years, with it’s Big Night Out storyline, which aired in 2019, being the primary example. EastEnders, however, has never really gone down this path, and given that boss Chris has confirmed that Linda’s story will coincide with something they’ve not done before, a flash-forward episode is very much a possibility. The fact that the trailer highlights each character in a different get-up could be indicative of the fact that it’s a future event that turns their worlds upside down – as in, not something that occurs in the here and now. ‘it might be a reach but I feel like this might be hinting at a timejump,’ opined one viewer. ‘maybe some flashback/flashforward episodes?’ ‘Its likely to be a flashforward episode, or scenes,’ added another. An interesting theory indeed. EastEnders airs Mondays to Thursdays at 7:30pm on BBC One. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Harrowing truth reveals why Emma Harding actually abandoned daughter Lola Pearce MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Keanu and Sam reunited in new venture