Steven Spielberg was full of praise for Tom Cruise when he bumped into him at an Oscars luncheon. The ET director, 76, is up for seven Academy Awards for his biopic The Fabelmans, while Top Gun: Maverick, starring Tom, 60, is up for seven gongs. The pair were both rubbing shoulders with fellow A-listers at the Oscar nominees luncheon, which was held at the glitzy Beverly Hilton in LA on Monday. In a clip originally shared by director Kartiki Gonsalves, who has been nominated for best documentary short film, the Jurassic Park filmmaker and Mission Impossible star look delighted to see each other. Steven and the Minority Report actor hug it out before the Indian Jones director begins complimenting Tom for keeping the film industry alive. The Schindler’s List filmmaker can be heard saying: ‘You saved Hollywood’s ass. ‘And you might have saved theatrical distribution. Seriously. Maverick might have saved the entire theatrical industry.’ A clearly embarrassed Tom, who shook his head in apparent disagreement with Steven’s high praise, was left blushing. The Hollywood icons have previously worked together twice before on Minority Report (2002) and War of the Worlds (2005). Tom also hit it off with women’s rights activist Malala, who famously survived a Taliban assassination attempt on her when she was 15 as she spoke out on the importance of education for girls and women, at the glitzy bash. The pair even appeared to draw a small crowd as they got to know each other, with people in the background seen stopping to take a photograph of their meeting. Following the success of Maverick, Tom is gearing up for the next instalment of the Top Gear franchise – however he is reportedly pushing back filming in order to attend King Charles’ coronation. Apparently ‘a real royalist’, the action hero broke away from his strict work schedule to make time for the highly-anticipated day after receiving the prestigious. ‘He will not miss out on’ watching the new king receive his crown, The Sun reported and ‘would never turn it down’. An insider continued spilling to the news outlet: ‘Tom has been invited to King Charles’ Coronation and there is no way he would have ever turned it down.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Cruise meets women’s rights activist Malala and they hit it off with deep discussion at star-studded Oscars event MORE : Tom Cruise ‘delaying Mission: Impossible filming’ to attend King Charles’ coronation  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 