*Warning: Major spoilers for Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania ahead.* Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is finally upon us, heralding the launch of Phase Five of the MCU and plenty more Multiverse madness to come. In the movie, we see Scott Lang, a.k.a. Ant-Man (Paul Rudd), stuck in the Quantum Realm alongside his family, including daughter Cassie (Kathryn Newton), partner Hope Van Dyne/Wasp (Evangeline Lilly), and her parents, Dr Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) and Janet (Michelle Pfeiffer). Janet was rescued in the previous movie after being trapped there for 30 years, and Quantumania sheds light on what she was up to during that time – and who she met, which we now know was Kang the Conqueror (Jonathan Majors). Having previously inadvertently helped Marvel’s latest supervillain to finally work his technology in order to escape the Quantum Realm, the Lang-Pym-Van Dynes were forced into a race to save it and its inhabitants from his conquering ways – but what’s in store next for Marvel’s newest big bad? This is your final spoiler warning! Yes, we are back to in final Marvel fashion with two separate teaser scenes in the credits as we look ahead to more of Phase Five. The mid-credits scene reveals a rather terrifying Council of Kangs situation, as we journey beyond the regular constraints of time and space and encounter the massed variants of Kang that the character (this one being known as He Who Remains) already warned Loki and Sylvie of during the climax of Loki season one. Remember: he has learned how to master and manipulate times, so there are countless variants of Kang! Seen here are nods to the comics too, with what appears to be Immortus and Rama-Tut present among the council, as they discuss the death of the Exiled One, who we can likely deduce to be our Conqueror. However, rather than be particularly happy at his demise, the amassed Kangs in a huge stadium are more concerned that there is someone out there in the Multiverse caable of thwarting their power. With an army of Kangs assembled it seems their goal is clear as they tease threatening to eliminate the Avengers from the main MCU timeline to protect themselves and their plans. With so many Kangs out there, it certainly sets the scene for some major full-team conflict with all the Avengers further down the line, as well as a fluctuating but foreboding danger that can bide its time where necessary. The post-credits scene teases Loki season two, neatly coming full circle with Majors’ MCU debut as the first Kang variant we met, He Who Remains. Set around the turn of the twentieth century, a man called Victor Timely is shown onstage giving a demonstration of a science experiment – of course played by Majors and therefore almost certainly a Kang variant. The camera then pans to the audience, only to show Loki and Mobius M. Mobius (Owen Wilson) watching among the crowd. All-but confirming that theory, Loki then tells Mobius that Timely is the most fearsome and powerful man he’s ever encountered. In this exchange, Mobius appears to know who Loki is, a change from the TV show’s heartbreaking finale that shows a lot must have happened after (or is it even before?) we last saw them. Season two of Loki is set to stream this summer. Ant-Man And the Wasp: Quantumania is in cinemas now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michael Douglas, 78, declares it ‘a pleasure’ to finally be in a non R-rated film thanks to Ant-Man and Marvel MORE : Bruce Willis praised by dementia charities for ‘raising awareness’ after sharing frontotemporal dementia diagnosis 