Channel 4 is reportedly banging some celebrities up behind bars for a new reality TV show. The broadcaster is working on a wild new experiment titled HMP, which will see a range of famous faces find out if they could survive in prison. As reported by The Sun, a pilot for the show has already been made and now production company Shine has started casting with the aim of shooting a full series later in 2023. A source told the outlet: ‘The idea behind the show is it gives people who might have zero experience of prison life, or the criminal justice system in general, a taste of just what it is like.’ In terms of casting, it’s thought the ideal group would include people who have seen the prison system ‘from a different angle’, whether that’s related to jobs before acting or even those who have played criminals on screen. The insider added: ‘That could include celebs from a walk of life where they’ve looked at incarceration from a different angle, whether they are ex-police officers, politicians, or actors who have played crooks but never actually been banged up.’ And while bosses think the programme will be difficult for some people to watch – and for the stars joining the cast – they reckon that will be a reason viewers tune in. ‘They’re expecting it to be a tough watch and a tough endurance test for those taking part, but the fact it is so challenging is part of its appeal,’ the source said.’ It’s thought the show could hit our screens in autumn, and the programme’s creators are looking to make the experience as authentic as they can for the stars. To mirror real life, this will include keeping prisoners in a single-sex jail, which unfortunately does mean the first series will only feature male celebrities. However, if the new project proves successful, the door could be open to film a second series featuring a female cast. Metro.co.uk has contacted Channel 4 for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Serena Williams’ dad ‘King Richard’ approached with ‘$500,000 reality TV show deal’ MORE : WWE legend Ric Flair says Netflix and Fox are chasing new Housewives of Wrestling reality show 