A man shown with his name tattooed on his face has been handed 16 months’ detention for threatening a train passenger with a machete. Kieran ‘Bondy’ Bond, who was at the centre of police appeal after failing to show at court, had pleaded guilty to two counts of threatening behaviour. The 19-year-old has since changed the tattoo to read ‘freedom’ — which he will now be displaying as he begins his sentence. PC Richard Cartwright, of British Transport Police (BTP), said: ‘It’s all thanks to Bond, who had his name clearly tattooed on his forehead, that we didn’t have to search too hard to find him. ‘Ironically, in the time he was evading police he changed his tattoo to read “freedom” – and he’ll now be experiencing the very opposite of that as he reflects on his behaviour in prison.’ PC Cartwright praised those who helped bring Bond to justice. He said: ‘It is down to the victims supporting our investigation that we have been able to see justice served. We have zero tolerance for weapons and those who use them on the railway network and we will do everything in our power to locate offenders and bring them to justice.’ While on remand, Bond posted images on Facebook depicting what he described as ‘HMP livin’, with one image showing him flashing the middle finger at the camera. He captioned one of the pictures ‘HMP Forest Bank’, referring to the Category B men’s private prison in Greater Manchester, and included the message ‘only time will tell’. An earlier update on Bond’s account read: ‘They got me still got the phone the hahahahhahah free me up’ along with a laughing emoji. Bond had been charged with two counts of threatening the victim with a machete on a train between Rugeley and Cannock railway stations in Staffordshire on March 29 last year. He pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing ahead of his sentencing at Staffordshire Crown court this morning. The defendant was given 16 months’ detention for each of the counts, to run concurrently. He was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £41 and given an indefinite restraining order. Bond was the focus of the BTP appeal after initially failing to turn up at Cannock Magistrates’ Court in October to face the allegations. His mugshot was released by the force on December 29, showing the distinctive tattoo – which reads ‘Bondy’ – above his right eye. The calligraphy-style inking is also visible in the pictures from his Facebook profile showing him behind bars. The photographs included a group image captioned ‘HMP livin’ where he is shown with three other inmates. They were uploaded while Bond was on remand, although it is not known when they were taken. A spokesperson for HMP Forest Bank said previously: ‘The use of mobile phones in any prison is illegal, and we constantly review our activity to tackle the issue. ‘Where individual prisoners are identified, action is taken.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.