Three women and a man were rushed to hospital after a dog attack on a beach. Marie Hay and her two daughters were walking their husky on the seafront in Redcar, Yorkshire, when they claim they were set upon by a pair of bulldogs. Cleveland Police confirmed the attack and are appealing for information regarding the incident on Sunday. Marie Hay had taken her Siberian Husky, Naevia, to the beach for the first time on Sunday, along with her two daughters. The mam-of-three said as the family headed towards the water, two dogs jumped on her six-year-old husky. The incident is believed to have happened shortly before 3pm on Sunday when a couple and their two young children arrived on the beach with two ‘bulldog style’ dogs. As the dogs, who Marie said weren’t wearing any collars or harnesses, approached Naevia, their owner called out to her that they were ‘friendly’ – just moments before one of them was said to have launched at her. ‘Describing the so-called attack, she told Teeside Live: ‘The dog came over and sniffed my dog and then done a little scuffle and made a noise and then just jumped on her and bit her face and wouldn’t let go. ‘So [the owner] came running over to try and get the dog, but his dogs had no collars or leads on, they didn’t have harnesses or leads, nothing at all. So there was no way of grabbing them to get them off.’ The second dog was then said to have run over and jumped on the family pet as members of the public rushed to help. Marie said  the incident lasted for around 10 minutes, with a group of dog-walkers trying to pin the animals to the floor, getting injured in the process. A police spokesperson said: ‘Police were called to the beach near the caravan park at Redcar just after 3pm on Sunday, 5th February to a report of a dog attack by two bulldog-type pets on a husky. ‘Officers attended the scene and took initial details including a counter allegation from the bulldogs’ owner. ‘It’s understood at least one dog received veterinary treatment and a man and three women attended hospital for treatment – primarily for hand injuries.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.