Brentford have strongly condemned the ‘disgusting’ racist abuse aimed at their striker Ivan Toney following the 1-1 draw with Arsenal on Saturday. Toney scored a controversial 74th-minute equaliser to secure a point for the Bees at the Emirates in what was a dent to Arsenal’s Premier League title hopes. But the 26-year-old was hit by a string of racist messages after the match as Brentford released a strongly-worded statement on Sunday. ‘Immediately after Brentford’s game against Arsenal, Ivan Toney received a barrage of abusive, racist direct messages via his Instagram account,’ the statement read. ‘We are disgusted and saddened that Ivan has had to deal with this yet again.We will not tolerate it and we will do everything we can to pursue the individuals involved. ‘Ivan was subject to similar abuse in October last year, and the perpetrator is now facing the consequences in court. How many times does this need to happen? ‘We call on football fans everywhere to relish the competition and rivalry that exists between us, but to respect and embrace our differences and celebrate the diversity that exists throughout the Premier League. There is no room for racism.’ Arsenal’s clash against Brentford was one of many fixtures in Matchweeks 23 and 24 dedicated to the Premier League’s No Room for Racism campaign. The Premier League said on their website on Saturday: ‘The No Room For Racism branding is on display to remind fans of the clear message that discrimination will not be tolerated in football or wider society, as well as demonstrating how diversity across all areas of the sport makes it stronger. ‘As in previous match rounds dedicated to No Room For Racism over the past five seasons, the inventory of matches (the ball plinth, the back boards in front of which players shake hands with their opponents and LED advertising boards) display the distinctive No Room For Racism branding. ‘Players again are showing their unity against all forms of racism at all matches by taking the knee before kick-off. ‘They did this on the opening match round of the season, during previous No Room For Racism fixtures in October 2022 and at the matches immediately after the FIFA World Cup. ‘As they have all this season and in campaigns past, players continue to wear a ‘No Room For Racism’ badge on their sleeves.’ MORE : Brentford goal vs Arsenal was given because VAR FORGOT to draw offside lines MORE : Thomas Frank makes confident Premier League title prediction after Brentford hold Arsenal 