The daughter of a man who died after being attacked by his pet rooster has spoken out about the tragedy – as the bird is pictured for the first time. Jasper Kraus, 67, suffered a heart attack after the Brahma chicken plunged its spur into his leg. He lost litres of blood and couldn’t be saved, his daughter said. Virginia Guinan, 33, now wants to warn others about the dangers of owning poultry. She says Jasper – a dad-of-two and grandad-of-two – was an experienced animal handler. Trainee healthcare assistant Virginia, from south Roscommon, Ireland, said: ‘You wouldn’t think a chicken can be dangerous – but they can be. ‘It was a malicious attack, absolutely brutal. There were litres of blood all over the floor when I arrived. ‘This particular bird was thought to be a nice and docile breed, and good for children. But this shows any breed can be dangerous. ‘Having pet chickens is a big thing for families now, especially getting children involved. ‘For this to happen is so rare and unbelievable, but it can happen.’ Retired horse trainer Jasper was out in his garden on April 28 last year when the rooster attacked from behind. The bird plunged its spur – a spike on the back of its leg used for protection and fighting – into his left leg. Jasper lost so much blood that it caused a fatal heart attack, it is thought. Now Virginia is warning of the dangers of owning poultry – encouraging owners to watch out for signs of aggression. She had formerly owned the rooster which killed her father. But he had taken it from her after it had tried to attack her daughter Josie, three. She said: ‘A year earlier, the same rooster jumped the wall and jumped on Josie’s back. ‘After that I knew I had to get rid – we should have put him down there and then because we knew he was no good. ‘But my dad protested. He had too big of a heart and didn’t want me to get rid of the rooster – so he took it instead.’ Jasper, who was in remission from cancer at the time of his death, was outside visiting his dog’s grave when the rooster attacked. The animal, which has since been put down, had a random aggressive outburst and created a wound 1.5cm deep. Jasper, who was originally from the Hague in the Netherlands, collapsed from the blood loss before the ambulance arrived. And inquest heard the cause of death was due to lethal cardiac arrhythmia in the context of severe coronary atheroma and cardiomegaly. Virginia now wants to warn others of the dangers of keeping poultry as pets – even a supposedly safe breed such as a Brahma. She said: ‘People want to have fresh eggs and keep chickens in their gardens. ‘It’s such a big hobby now – but it’s not only larger animals like cattle and horses that can be dangerous. ‘We don’t know why it happened – that breed was supposed to be soft and cuddly. ‘People should be aware of the signs and get rid of any bird as soon as they show signs of aggression. ‘I had wanted it put own as soon as it attacked my daughter, but my father wanted to keep it. ‘Dad wanted the rooster to stay with him and breed with his hens so it didn’t have to be put down. ‘That’s just what he was like – he was a real animal lover.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.