It is impossible to understate just how important Drive to Survive has been for Formula 1 since it first dropped on Netflix back in 2019. The docu-series, offering a behind-the-scenes look at how drivers and teams compete at the pinnacle of motorsport, was made in the hope that it could expand the sport to a wider audience. It succeeded – and then some, with some reports estimating that over a billion people worldwide now hold an interest in F1. So with that objective completed, one wonders if DTS is needed anymore, and off the basis of this middling season, the series could well be coming to the end of the road. It should be said that season 5 is a significant improvement on last year’s offering that received widespread backlash, not least from Max Verstappen who accused the producers of ‘faking’ storylines for the purpose of entertainment. Thankfully, Netflix has addressed that blunder and we are presented with a far more accurate depiction of how the 2022 season played out, with a much more chronological narrative then we have been used to. There are some golden moments sprinkled throughout the 10 episodes, from Toto Wolff and Christian Horner squaring up in Canada, to the fallout from Oscar Piastri’s move from Alpine to McLaren. The series continues to play the hits to good effect too, with fan favourites Daniel Ricciardo and Guenther Steiner getting plenty of screen time (watch out for the latter riding a jet ski in Episode 3), while Will Buxton returns to provide some well-meaning, if not always necessary, exposition. But sadly, for those who spend every other Sunday screaming: ‘It’s lights out and away we go!’, there simply isn’t enough new ground covered for the show to justify its existence anymore. We get only a surface-level look at how Ferrari’s season collapsed, several teams are hardly mentioned at all, while the incredible Brazilian Grand Prix is forgotten about completely. Perhaps most insultingly, Sebastian Vettel does not get the farewell befitting of a hugely-popular four-time champion – in fact he does not get a farewell at all. All of this is a great shame, as DTS could be something truly special if it turns its attention from the flashier scenes that appease to casual viewers to the smaller, personal moments that fans rarely get a glimpse at. Perhaps the highlight of this season is in Episode 8, where a struggling Yuki Tsunoda is forced to deal with the news that his teammate, mentor and best-friend Pierre Gasly is leaving AlphaTauri for Alpine. It’s in these heartfelt and often hilarious scenes where DTS truly shines and for whatever reason – whether it be the editing or teams granting Netflix less access – they have become more and more scarce as the series has continued. We already know that season 6 is coming next year, but if the show is to survive beyond that, it must drive down a different track. Formula 1: Drive to Survive season 5 is out on Netflix on February 24. MORE : Five things we learned from Formula 1: Drive to Survive season 5 MORE : Max Verstappen snubs Lewis Hamilton as he names his dream F1 driver line-up For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 