Kelly Osbourne seems to have forgotten all about her mum Sharon Osbourne’s baby name slip. The mother-daughter duo stepped out together in LA on Saturday when they attended a family party at Kelly’s brother Jack’s house. Sharon, 70, unloaded presents from their car while new mum Kelly, 38, pushed baby Sidney in his pram. Their outing comes weeks after Sharon revealed Sidney’s name, prompting Kelly to issue a statement about her son’s privacy on Instagram. Kelly, who donned combat trousers and a hoody during her weekend outing, gave birth to Sidney late last year and shares the tot with Slipknot DJ Sid Wilson. Meanwhile, former X Factor star Sharon, who shares three children with her husband Ozzy Osbourne, looked chic in a leather jacket teamed with jeans and heels. Sharon shared her grandson’s name with the world last month when she made her return to TalkTV after suffering a medical emergency. At the time, the star was asked by the panel about how Kelly’s been since the birth. Revealing that the baby’s name is Sidney, presumably after his father, Sharon said: ‘Just so great, so great. She won’t let a picture go out of him, and I’m so proud of her.’ Hours later, Kelly shared a message on Instagram that read: ‘I am not ready to share him with the world. It is no one’s place but mine to share any information on my baby.’ Sharon and Kelly’s outing comes after Ozzy, 74, cancelled his upcoming Europe and UK concert dates and retired from touring. The rocker explained that he was ‘not physically capable’ of undertaking the shows after damaging his spine four years ago. He stressed that after the fall in his home in 2019, which aggravated injuries from a near-fatal quad bike crash in 2003 and resulted in multiple surgeries – as well as other health issues – his body ‘is still physically weak’. On his official social media accounts, Ozzy – who also has Parkinson’s disease – shared: ‘This is probably one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to share with my loyal fans. As you may all know, four years ago, this month, I had a major accident, where I damaged my spine. ‘My one and only purpose during this time has been to get back on stage. My singing voice is fine. However, after three operations, stem cell treatments, endless physical therapy sessions, and most recently groundbreaking Cybernics (HAL) Treatment, my body is still physically weak.’He added: ‘I am honestly humbled by the way you’ve all patiently held onto your tickets for all this time, but in all good conscience, I have now come to the realisation that I’m not physically capable of doing my upcoming European/UK tour dates, as I know I couldn’t deal with the travel required.’ The Birmingham-born star went on to say: ‘Never would I have imagined that my touring days would have ended this way. My team is currently coming up with ideas for where I will be able to perform without having to travel from city to city and country to country.’ He then thanked his family, band, crew and longtime friends, as well as ‘of course, my fans for their endless dedication, loyalty, and support, and for giving me the life that I never ever dreamed I would have’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Moss is getting her own biopic – so let’s revisit her iconic fashion moments MORE : Sir Rod Stewart pens touching note for ‘guitar genius’ Jeff Beck’s funeral, also attended by Johnny Depp and Ronnie Wood  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 