One of the 12 boys who was rescued from a Thai cave in 2018, has died in the UK. Duangpetch Promthep, 17, is reported to have sustained a head injury, but his cause of death is not clear. Promthep was the captain of the Thai boys’ football team, which was trapped in a cave along with their coach for two weeks in 2018. The youngster – also known as Dom – enrolled in the Brooke House College Football Academy in Leicester last year. Some of his teammates from the cave rescue have also shared the news on their social media accounts. The Wat Doi Wao temple posted condolences to Promthep on Facebook on Wednesday. It said: ‘May Dom’s soul rest in peace’ alongside pictures of the team with monks. In a statement on Wednesday, Ian Smith, principal at Dom’s college, said: ‘Brooke House College is devastated to confirm the passing of our student, Duangphet Phromthep, known as Dom, yesterday in hospital. ‘This event has left our college community deeply saddened and shaken. ‘We unite in grief with all of Dom’s family, friends, former teammates and those involved in all parts of his life, as well as everyone affected in any way by this loss in Thailand and throughout the college’s global family. ‘The college is liaising with statutory authorities and the Royal Thai Embassy in London, and dedicating all resources to assist our student body, as they as young people process Dom’s passing. ‘Beyond that, we are unable to comment further at this time and would ask for privacy and compassion as we continue to support the students in our care at this time, drawing on the kindness and assistance of the Market Harborough community.’ Zico Foundation, a Thai non-profit that had helped Promthep win a scholarship to study in England, also expressed condolences on Facebook. Promthep was part of the Wild Boars football team, that had ventured into the Tham Luang cave on 23 June 2018 and was later trapped by rising flood waters. He was 13 then, while his teammates were aged between 11 and 16. The boys and their coach emerged two weeks later, after a dramatic search and rescue effort involving nearly 100 Thai and foreign divers – including a specialist team from the UK. The rescue made headlines around the world, and various films and books were later made to retell the extraordinary story, including a six-episode Netflix series. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 