Ozzy Osbourne has revealed that he’s unable to go on tour in Europe and the UK after his recent surgery, saying that he never imagined his ‘touring days would have ended this way’. In 2019, the former Black Sabbath singer suffered a fall at his home, which resulted in him undergoing multiple spinal surgeries. In a new statement shared on social media, the 74-year-old stressed that after his string of health issues, his body ‘is still physically weak’. ‘This is probably one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to share with my loyal fans. As you may all know, four years ago, this month, I had a major accident, where I damaged my spine,’ the rocker wrote. ‘My one and only purpose during this time has been to get back on stage. My singing voice is fine. However, after three operations, stem cell treatments, endless physical therapy sessions, and most recently groundbreaking Cybernics (HAL) Treatment, my body is still physically weak.’ Osbourne said that he felt ‘humbled’ by the way fans had held onto their tickets in the hope that they would see him live. However, he then added: ‘In all good conscience, I have now come to the realization that I’m not physically capable of doing my upcoming European/UK tour dates, as I know I couldn’t deal with the travel required.’ Expressing his upset over disappointing fans, he wrote: ‘Never would I have imagined that my touring days would have ended this way. ‘My team is currently coming up with ideas for where I will be able to perform without having to travel from city to city and country to country.’ He concluded his message with thanks to his family, his band, his crew, his longtime friends and his fans ‘for their endless dedication, loyalty, and support, and for giving me the life that I never ever dreamed I would have’. ‘I love you all…’ he wrote, signing off by revealing that ticket refunds are available. Fans rushed to share messages of support with Osbourne, with one commenting on Instagram: ‘We love you Ozzy. See you in the future. Stay wherever you are. We’ll come to you.’ ‘Nothing is more worthy for you fans than see you doing well Ozzy! please take your time. You will be always the prince of darkness on or out a stage,’ another said. In December last year, Osbourne opened up about ‘struggling to walk’ six months after his spinal surgery, saying at the time: ‘I can’t tell you how frustrating life has become.’ ‘It is amazing how you go along in life and one stupid thing can screw everything up for a long time. I have never been ill this long in my life,’ he said. The musician, who was diagnosed with Parkinson’s in 2003, added that his surgeon told him that if he didn’t have the surgery, then ‘there would be a good chance I would be paralysed from the neck down’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ozzy Osbourne helped to car following fitness session after spinal surgery left him struggling to walk MORE : Ozzy Osbourne leads tributes to late guitarist Jeff Beck following death aged 78: ‘I can’t express how saddened I am’ 