Paris Hilton has spoken about undergoing an abortion for the first time, after previously battling a fear of ‘shame’. The heiress and reality star just became a mum for the first time, welcoming son Phoenix with husband Carter Reum. Paris and Carter, both 42, had their son via surrogate, and kept the news they were expecting a new arrival quiet until he had already arrived, sending fans, naturally, into meltdown. However Simple Life star Paris has now opened up about previously undergoing an abortion in her early 20s, admitting she simply ‘wasn’t ready.’ ‘This was also something that I didn’t want to talk about because there was so much shame around that. I was a kid and I was not ready for that,’ she said. Speaking to Glamour UK for the February online issue, Paris said she was now ready to speak about her experience after the overturning of Roe v Wade, which has led abortion to become illegal in parts of the United States. Decrying the ‘politics around it,’ she went on: ‘It’s a woman’s body… why should there be a law around that? ‘It’s your body, your choice and I really believe in that. It’s mind-boggling to me that they’re making laws about what you do with your reproductive health, because if it were the other way around with the guys, it would not be this way at all.’ The heiress previously claimed to have voted for Donald Trump, who was described as a ‘close family friend’ of the Hiltons – however when the subject was broached by the outlet, Paris reportedly snapped that he was ‘not any more.’ Decades later, Paris and husband Carter are settling into life with newborn Phoenix, with the new mum revealing his name via an extract from her upcoming memoir due to be released in March. ‘We plan to name him Phoenix, a name that I decided on years ago when I was searching cities, countries and states on a map looking for something to go with Paris and London,’ she said. ‘Phoenix has a few good pop culture reference points, but more importantly it’s the bird that flames out and then rises from the ashes to fly again. ‘I want my son to grow up knowing that disaster and triumph go around and come around throughout our lives. And that this should give us great hope for the future.’ Paris and Carter started dating in November 2019, and shared the news of their engagement just a few months later. They tied the knot in a lavish wedding in September 2021, before starting their family in January the following year. And so private did they keep the moment, Paris revealed, that ‘not even my mom, my sister or my best friends, no one knew until he was over a week old.’ Read the full interview in the Glamour UK February Digital Issue online now Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paris Hilton shares first pictures of adorable son Phoenix after welcoming first child with husband Carter Reum MORE : Paris Hilton finally reveals son’s name as Phoenix Barron after welcoming first child with Carter Reum  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 