The Princess of Wales nearly made a flipping mess as she tried to make pancakes with pensioners. Whilst visiting a nursing home in Slough, Kate decided to give tossing the sweet-treat into the air a go – but almost failed miserably. In a video from her visit, the Princess could be seen struggling to scrape the batter from the bottom of a frying pan and joked telling staff not to tell anyone how poorly she had done. Kate used a fish slice to try and skim the pancake off the frying pan, but it looked like it just broke into two. Under the watchful eye of a chef from the centre she tapped the pan and said to residents watching on ‘so this is where I go wrong, I obviously try and turn them too quickly.’ But she has another go at it and tries to turn the pancake over, but the batter sticks to the pan. She quips ‘I wish there was music or something’ before asking for advice and says ‘do you try and ease it first’ and then said ‘maybe I can watch everyone else doing this after’ much to the adoration of her onlookers. As seconds went by, Kate seemed to have difficulties lifting the borders of the forming pancake, which appeared to be stuck to the pan. The 41-year-old seemed to grow embarrassed by her performance and the silence surrounding her. The chef, however, tried to calm the Princess’ nerves, saying: ‘There is no pressure here!’ After she managed to detach the mixture from the pan, Kate flipped the treat without difficulties, despite it seemingly becoming wrinkled up by her previous attempts with the spatula. Apologetic, she then told the chef: ‘All the ones that were made earlier are much nicer than this one. I am sorry! I haven’t done you justice. Would you like to show them how to do it properly?’ She also joked she had demonstrated how ‘not to make’ a pancake, and dubbed her creation a ‘congealed blob’. Despite Kate, who is known to be a keen cook, appearing slightly downcast following her performance, fans were quick to praise her for being relentless in her attempts. The Princess had been visiting residents at the Oxford House Community Care, which provides support to enable residents to live independently in their own homes. Kate has made improving the experiences of the very young, through her early years work, her focus but will learn how those at the end of their lives are supported at the Oxford House Nursing Home. During her visit she also heard about Oxford House’s use of technology to stimulate and enrich the daily lives of residents. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.