Pedro Pascal admitted he wasn’t convinced he had been offered The Last Of Us because he had taken sleeping pills ahead of the call. The actor, 47, took on the role of Joel in the smash hit HBO series that was adapted from the zombie apocalypse video game of the same title. Despite the wild success of the concept, Pedro revealed he hadn’t heard of the franchise before he was approached to play in the film and had to ask for an explanation of the storyline. He told Graham Norton on his Friday night chat show that he was unprepared in more ways than one when it came to securing his position in the series. Pedro revealed: ‘I was in London – this is horrible – so it all happened very, very quickly. ‘It was a very strange thing where it was read the scripts, talk to Craig and then it was getting later and later at night and we were shooting in London at the time. ‘They needed me to stay up late to meet the creator of the video game and the executive producer Carolyn Strauss who was on Game Of Thrones to continue trying to convince them to hire me for the job.’ He continued: ‘By the time it was all said and done it was late and I took a sleeping tablet to go to bed because at that point I was kind of hyped up and I was excited about the prospect. ‘So they called me to tell me that I’d got the job but I’d already taken the tablet because I really thought I’d have to wait until the next day and then a couple of minutes went by on the call apparently and I was like: “what’s up, did I get the job?” and they were like: “what are you talking about we told you you got the job!”. ‘Then I was like “oh I took a tablet”. I forgot that completely and woke up in the morning thinking did I get the job and I had gotten the job already.’ ‘I’m surprised you kept the job,’ Graham hilariously quipped back at the end of the story. The Graham Norton Show is on Friday at 10.40pm on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pedro Pascal is getting creeped out by particularly ‘inappropriate’ request from The Mandalorian fans with kids MORE : Dame Helen Mirren ‘incredibly brave’ after breaking finger on Shazam! sequel because she wanted to be considered a ‘stunty’ person 