Ronnie O’Sullivan has advised amateur standout Daniel Wells to remain a ‘part-time player’ with a pretty brutal assessment, saying: ‘He’s never going to be a tournament winner, he’s just not good enough.’ Wells is a former professional who reached as high as number 52 in the world but dropped off tour in 2021 and has been competing as an amateur since. The 34-year-old has played in a few professional competitions this season and has done well, including at the Welsh Open this week, where he beat Matt Selt to set up a clash with Judd Trump in the last 32. The Welshman looks set to return to the professional tour next season thanks to his performances but O’Sullivan says he would be better off not inviting that pressure on himself. The Rocket reckons Wells is playing good stuff as an amateur as he is not playing under the strain of snooker being a full-time job and he should continue with that approach. ‘I think for him he should just stay as a part-time player, irrelevant of how well he does, just stay part time snooker,’ O’Sullivan said on Eurosport. ‘It’s took the pressure off him. ‘Next year if he gets a main tour card and invests totally in snooker I bet he goes back to getting beaten and not enjoying it again. ‘So for him he’s better off as a part-time player. There’s a lot of players on tour who would play better if they were part-time because the pressure wouldn’t be on them. ‘Any time they get a chance to play they ‘d enjoy it. But once you start to change it and it becomes everything, they fall apart. ‘There’s a lot of them on tour who can’t mentally sustain it. If I was advising him I’d tell him to stay as a part-time player, you’re having fun and enjoying it. That’s the way he’s going to play his best snooker.’ It was put to O’Sullivan that Wells, like many others, have dreams of being professional players and competing in every event rather than just when a top-up place is available, but the Rocket had a pretty stinging response. ‘He’s tried that and he ain’t that level, never will be,’ said the world number one. ‘At best he’ll maybe make a few semi-finals now and again, but it’s hard to invest everything into that when he can still do that as a part-time player. ‘He’s still capable of getting to the semis of this [Welsh Open] but he’s never going to be a tournament winner, he’s just not good enough.’ O’Sullivan added: ‘He’s a capable player, but only when there’s not that intense player on him. ‘If he’s enjoying the game, and playing the game because he loves playing the game, then he’s a handful.’ MORE : Neil Robertson out of two events with one defeat after whitewash loss to Dominic Dale MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan admits doubt over Welsh Open campaign after tip troubles in controversial win For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 