Fashion designer Paco Rabanne, born Francisco Rabaneda Cuervo, has died at the age of 88. The news of his death was confirmed by Puig, the Spanish firm that owns his eponymous fashion house and fragrance company. In a statement obtained by WWD, José Manuel Albesa, president of Puig’s fashion and beauty division, said: ‘Paco Rabanne made transgression magnetic. Who else could induce fashionable Parisian women to clamor for dresses made of plastic and metal? ‘Who but Paco Rabanne could imagine a fragrance called Calandre – the word means “automobile grill”, you know – and turn it into an icon of modern femininity?’ Albesa continued: ‘That radical, rebellious spirit set him apart: There is only one Rabanne. ‘With his passing, we are reminded once again of his enormous influence on contemporary fashion, a spirit that lives on in the house that bears his name.’ Marc Puig, the chairman and CEO of Puig, said: ‘I am deeply saddened by the passing of Mr. Paco Rabanne. ‘The history of Puig and Paco Rabanne began in the late 1960s with the launch of Calandre, the perfume created soon after the designer released “12 Unwearable Dresses in Contemporary Materials”.’ Describing Rabanne as a ‘major personality in fashion’, Puig said that the late designer had a ‘daring, revolutionary and provocative vision’, which was ‘conveyed through a unique aesthetic’. ‘He will remain an important source of inspiration for the Puig fashion and fragrance teams, who continuously work together to express Mr. Paco Rabanne’s radically modern codes. I extend my sincere condolences to his family and to those who have known him,’ he added. In a statement published online, The House of Paco Rabanne wrote: ‘The House of Paco Rabanne wishes to honour our visionary designer and founder who passed away today at the age of 88. ‘Among the most seminal fashion figures of the 20th century, his legacy will remain a constant source of inspiration.’Among the most seminal fashion figures of the 20th century, his legacy will remain a constant source of inspiration.’ Born on February 18 1934 in the Basque town of Pasajes, Gipuzkoa province, Rabanne embarked on a career in fashion working for labels including Givenchy, Balenciaga and Dior. By 1966, he had founded his own fashion house, and became known for using unconventional materials in his designs, becoming known for his space-age style. Shortly afterwards, he designed the iconic green outfit Jane Fonda wears in the sci-fi epic Barbarella, and that same year, while in 1968, he began collaborating with Puig on creating fragrances. Some of Rabanne’s best-selling perfumes include the 1 Million scent, Phantom and Fame, while the Calandre perfume was originally released all the way back in 1969. Tributes have poured in from fans of the late designer, with one writing: ‘RIP Paco Rabanne, who I believe to be one of the most contemporary designers from his time til today.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 