Manchester United defender Lisandro Martinez has admitted he wants to ‘kill’ on the pitch but does not wanted to be ‘suspended every game’. The 25-year-old centre-back moved to Old Trafford in the summer and after some early criticism – mainly over his height – he has established himself as a key player. Erik ten Hag brought in Martinez from his former club Ajax and he has formed an impressive partnership with Raphael Varane in the heart of United’s defence. Martinez helped Argentina win the World Cup in Qatar this winter and has made 34 appearances for the Red Devils this season. He will now be looking to help United lift their first piece of silverware since 2017 as Ten Hag’s side face Newcastle United in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. Speaking ahead of the match, Martinez opened up about his style of play and desire to take out his opponents with full force. ‘I can’t do it, otherwise I will be suspended every game!’ Martinez said. ‘You have to be clever. It’s hard, really hard. ‘Sometimes I want to kill, but you have to control as well. I think it’s our culture from Argentina. ‘We’re always like this, we’re passionate. Football, for us, is everything, so that’s why we always give everything. ‘As a kid, I remember when I was really young, four or five, I started to fight and I cried when I lost, so it’s something we have in the blood, in the heart, it’s our culture.’ Quizzed about some of the criticism he faced earlier this season, he added: ‘I can’t control that, you know, it’s just an opinion. ‘I understand when people say that – they show me who they are. It’s not my problem. ‘In the beginning, in Argentina, it was the same. In football, it’s not normal to play as a centre-back with my height. It’s not easy as well, you know. ‘I try to do my best, but you have to work very hard. You have to be very clever on the pitch, you have to be sharp in every situation, because if you’re smart you can win the duels.’ MORE : Jamie Carragher finally admits he was wrong about 'special' Man Utd star Lisandro Martinez MORE : Lisandro Martinez explains his ‘really important’ embrace with Raphael Varane following World Cup final 