Ali Carter came through the ‘pain and torture’ of an amazing deciding frame to beat Judd Trump 6-5 at the Players Championship on Tuesday night, and now fancies some revenge on Rob Milkins after the drama of the Welsh Open last week. The Captain edged out Trump in an incredible contest, which was close all the way through but Judd looked in command as he went 5-4 ahead with a break of 61. However, Carter responded with a 96 to force a decider and got himself to within a whisker of victory before the drama really started. Trump fought on needing two snookers and found them, but when he no longer needed to trap his opponent, he stumbled and allowed Carter back in to get over the line and into the quarter-finals. The lengthy battle on the colours, late at night, was textbook snooker drama and Carter was very, very pleased to come out on the right side of it against the Masters champion. ‘Judd got me in all sorts of trouble every time I come to the table,’ Carter told ITV of that final frame. ‘The white ball was tight on the cushion, I was snookered and the ball was in the middle of the table, very few times they were easy escapes. ‘It was just pain, it was torture. I’m delighted to get over the line, it was some match.’ He added: ‘His safety was unbelievable and he will be disappointed to have lost there, I would have been if I’d have lost. I got the job done in the end.’ Carter’s excellent season continues after winning the German Masters earlier this year, and he now takes on another man having the time of his life in the quarters, Rob Milkins. The Milkman stunned the field to win the Welsh Open on Sunday and then beat Tom Ford 6-5 in his first round match in Wolverhampton on Tuesday night to set up a clash with the Captain. Milkins’ victory in Wales secured the Bet Victor Bonus (for topping a separate ranking list of eight Bet Victor sponsored events) and in the process cost Carter the huge £150,000 prize. While he was delighted for his old pal to do well, Carter is still targeting a bit of revenge when they meet in the quarters on Wednesday night. ‘Rob’s took £150,000 off me and well done to him because he thoroughly deserved it, he won the tournament,’ said Ali. ‘So it will be a little bit of revenge on the table tomorrow night. But I love Rob, he’s a great guy, one of the real good guys on the tour and it just goes to show that all the players turned out in force to wish him well and congratulate him, that says a lot.’ As for Trump, it will be a painful loss as he still searches for his first ranking title this season. The 33-year-old has won the Masters and also been to the finals of the World Grand Prix and Champion of Champions, so it has hardly been a poor campaign, but a first round loss does not build the confidence he would have been looking for with the World Championship approaching fast. MORE : Joe O’Connor earns Mark Allen and Stephen Hendry praise after ousting Pistol from Players Championship MORE : Daniel Wells loving snooker again despite ‘humiliating’ Ronnie O’Sullivan comments and off-table trauma For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 