Bruce Willis’ family has shared an update on his health, revealing his condition has worsened. The Die Hard actor, 67, was diagnosed with aphasia last year, with his loved ones confirming that he would be taking a step back from the spotlight to concentrate on his health. In a new joint statement, they have explained that his issues have ‘progressed’, and he has been diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia. ‘As a family, we wanted to take this opportunity to thank you all for the outpouring of love and compassion for Bruce over the past ten months,’ the lengthy message, shared on the Association for Frontotemporal Degeneration website, began. ‘Your generosity of spirit has been overwhelming, and we are tremendously grateful for it. For your kindness, and because we know you love Bruce as much as we do, we wanted to give you an update. ‘Since we announced Bruce’s diagnosis of aphasia in spring 2022, Bruce’s condition has progressed and we now have a more specific diagnosis: frontotemporal dementia (known as FTD). ‘Unfortunately, challenges with communication are just one symptom of the disease Bruce faces. While this is painful, it is a relief to finally have a clear diagnosis.’ ‘FTD is a cruel disease that many of us have never heard of and can strike anyone. For people under 60, FTD is the most common form of dementia, and because getting the diagnosis can take years, FTD is likely much more prevalent than we know,’ they continued. ‘Today there are no treatments for the disease, a reality that we hope can change in the years ahead. As Bruce’s condition advances, we hope that any media attention can be focused on shining a light on this disease that needs far more awareness and research. ‘Bruce always believed in using his voice in the world to help others, and to raise awareness about important issues both publicly and privately. We know in our hearts that – if he could today – he would want to respond by bringing global attention and a connectedness with those who are also dealing with this debilitating disease and how it impacts so many individuals and their families.’ They urged others facing similar issues to reach out to AFTD for any help or resources they may need. The statement concluded: ‘Bruce has always found joy in life – and has helped everyone he knows to do the same. It has meant the world to see that sense of care echoed back to him and to all of us. ‘We have been so moved by the love you have all shared for our dear husband, father, and friend during this difficult time. Your continued compassion, understanding, and respect will enable us to help Bruce live as full a life as possible.’ The post was signed ‘Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn’, referencing wife Emma Heming and ex-wife Demi Moore, as well as children Rumer, Scout and Tallulah – who he shares with the Ghost actress – and Mabel and Evelyn, his daughters with Emma. Bruce’s family members shared a joint post on their separate Instagram pages, directing followers to the full statement. Fans and famous faces rushed to offer the family their support in the comments below. Aaron Paul penned a supportive message below Rumer’s post, replying: ‘Love you so much my friend! Sending hugs to you and that beautiful family of yours. ‘Your pops is such a damn legend.’ Wilmer Valderrama wrote: ‘Sending you all my love.’ As Amber Valletta added: ‘Holding you and your family in love and light.’ According to the Mayo Clinic, frontotemporal dementia is an umbrella term for brain disorders that mostly affect the frontal and temporal lobes – which are generally associated with language, personality and behavior – with portions of the lobes ‘shrinking’. The cause is usually unknown and symptoms can vary between sufferers, with some showing signs of dramatic changes in their personality, while others are unable to communicate properly. Bruce has commanded a long-running Hollywood career, appearing in a string of iconic action flicks – including his beloved stint as John McClane in the Die Hard franchise. His credits also include Armageddon, Pulp Fiction, The Sixth Sense, Look Who’s Talking and the Expendables. As well as this, he has delighted many on the small screen, famously appearing as Rachel Green’s brief love interest in Friends. Just last year, it was announced that he would be stepping away from the limelight after he was diagnosed with aphasia – a degenerative condition that affects speech and communication, usually caused by damage to the brain. The news was shared on Instagram in March, with his family offering a joint statement, which read: ‘To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. ‘As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him. ‘This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. ‘As Bruce always says, “Live it up” and together we plan to do just that.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Billie Eilish ‘visited by concerned police officers for wellness check’ after bizarre ‘prank’ MORE : Serena Williams’ dad ‘King Richard’ approached with ‘$500,000 reality TV show deal’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 