Love Island star Kaz Crossley has reportedly been jailed in Dubai on suspicion of drug offences. It’s been claimed that the influencer, who took part in the ITV2 competition in 2018, was detained at Abu Dhabi airport in transit for a flight to Thailand. The cause of Crossley’s arrest is said to have been rooted in a video filmed in November 2020, when she was captured allegedly snorting a white substance at a party in the United Arab Emirates city of Dubai. On the British government’s website, it outlines that the UAE has ‘zero tolerance for drugs-related offences’. ‘Possession of even the smallest amount of illegal drugs can lead to a minimum three-month prison term or a fine not less than AED 20,000 [£4,561] and not exceeding AED100,000 [£22,805],’ it states. According to The Sun, Crossley, 28, wasn’t permitted to call her family when she was detained, with a source saying: ‘She was looking forward to getting back to Thailand where she has been doing voluntary work and all of a sudden she is languishing in a Dubai jail.’ The source alleged that the reality star’s ‘name has obviously raised a red flag’ when she stopped off in Abu Dhabi for a connecting flight. ‘She was allowed to send just one email and wasn’t even allowed to make a phone call,’ they added. ‘She messaged one particular friend whose email she could remember and asked her to inform her family that she was OK but had been arrested for drugs offences. The arrest wasn’t because of anything she had on her. As far as we know it is all down to that video.’ A Foreign Office spokesman said in a statement sent to Metro.co.uk: ‘We are providing consular assistance to a British national who was arrested in the United Arab Emirates and are in contact with the local authorities.’ Crossley starred on Love Island five years ago, joining the show as a new contestant when Casa Amor was introduced. She immediately struck up a connection with Josh Denzel, who had previously been in a couple with Georgia Steel, resulting in a dramatic recoupling ceremony when Crossley and Denzel returned to the main villa together. The couple ended up reaching the final of the competition, finishing in third place behind Laura Anderson and Paul Knops, and winners Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham. It was revealed that Crossley and Denzel had broken up in January 2019. She later became romantically involved with fellow Love Island star Theo Campbell, before they split six months later. Crossley’s most recent Instagram post was shared a few days ago from Dublin, when she posted that she was spending 24 hours in the Irish capital. Comments have been turned off on her Instagram posts, while in late November 2020, the hair accessories brand owner had posted that she’d been in Dubai. During lockdown, influencers including Love Island stars were able to continue to travel abroad for work purposes, with several flocking to the city. Metro.co.uk has contacted Kaz Crossley’s representative for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers’ hearts break as Will Young and Jessie Wynter cry after he admits he wasn’t faithful MORE : Love Island viewers ‘heartbroken’ for Shaq Muhammad after Tanya Manhenga ditches him for Martin Akinola 