A police sergeant led his officers in a two-year torrent of abuse against women, gay people, ethnic minorities and the disabled, including Katie Price’s eldest son Harvey Price a disciplinary panel has heard. In a WhatsApp group named Secret Squirrel S, Sgt Luke Thomas joked about naming his dog Auschwitz, called a rapist cop a ‘legend in my eyes’, and said any non-binary person was ‘an utter c’. He repeatedly mocked Harvey Price, disabled son of Katie Price, The hearing heard that not only did the officers share offensive messages about Harvey, who is disabled, but also made further sexist, racist and homophobic remarks. The group of officers in question included seven men and one woman and part of a Bexley-based safer neighbourhood team. According to the BBC, the officers are also accused of sending messages in which ‘sexual violence against women was applauded’ and in another conversation spoke about ‘naming a dog Auschwitz’ and another canine after serial killer Fred West. Sgt Luke Thomas also attacked Chinese people and the travelling community, associated Arab people with terrorism, and called disabled people ‘fat, smelly mongs’. But he spoke warmly of Nazis and child killers while asking for help naming his dog. ‘I think Adolf might be a bit obvious,’ he wrote. ‘Fred and Ian after my two favourite child sex killers? Do you think Auschwitz could be a good name for him?’ When a woman colleague identified as Officer A joined the unit, Sgt Thomas was surprised ‘it’ had ‘another half. Not only is she so fing ugly I find it upsetting but she’s dumb as f too’. Once he posted: ‘Another male police officer says he did once get away with rape on a weekend away in Butlin’s, so a legend in my eyes.’ Ms Price has revealed a letter from the Met detailing abuse the group levelled at her teenage son, now 20. She called the behaviour ‘disgusting’. Katie, 44, was left ‘disgusted’ after learning of the ‘derogatory’ messages, including images, which were allegedly posted by Met Police officers on WhatsApp between 2016 and 2018. Harvey, 20, is Katie’s eldest son and has Prader-Willi syndrome, a genetic condition resulting in obesity, and Septo-Optic Dysplasia, which affects sight and the development of the brain. Speaking out about the horrific claims, the former glamour model said: ‘These are the people who are supposed to be protecting us, people we are supposed to trust. ‘It’s pure betrayal, I was in shock at first, then I felt sick, heartbroken and angry. It’s not enough for these people to just lose their jobs if found guilty, if this has happened to a vulnerable adult like Harvey, it will be happening to others.’ She added to The Sunday Mirror: ‘I can stick up for myself. When it comes to my son, it’s different. ‘Harvey is so vulnerable, so innocent. He doesn’t have a bad bone in his body – all he wants is to love people and be happy. He doesn’t deserve this from anyone.’ Katie went on to reveal that her youngest children Jett, nine, and Bunny, eight- who she shares with ex-husband Kieran Hayler – have been left ‘in tears’ by the ordeal as they’re ‘very protective’ of their big brother Harvey. Her other children, Junior, 17, and Princess, 15, are also ‘furious’ about it and have been asked about it in school. The reality star previously took to Instagram to reveal she had been hand-delivered a letter from an officer which stated that a ‘number’ of officers are accused of ‘being part of a WhatsApp group chat that has posted inappropriate and discriminatory image of your son, Harvey Price’. Police counsel Matt Hobbs told the hearing: ‘It was a toxic, abhorrent culture. The constant use of profanities was stock in trade of the officers. ‘There were offensive videos of people with disabilities. There is no place in the Met for a police officer who has behaved the way this man has. ‘It is a team that was sexist. Women were called fat birds, silly slags and spunk rags. They were also racist. They never thought their comments would be seen. They put that forward as mitigation – that approach holds no water.’ The messages were posted between May 2016 and June 2018 and found in March 2021. But the panel in Fulham, west London, heard Sgt Thomas resigned from the force only days ago. Two group members are still in the Met. PC Glynn Rees and another referred to as Officer B deny gross misconduct. Ex-officers Sgt Luke Allen, PC Carlo Francisco and PC Lee South each admit at least one count of gross misconduct. PC Kelsey Buchan admits only misconduct while PC Darren Jenner has not responded to the allegations. Thomas – the highest ranking officer in the WhatsApp group – faces an additional allegation of failing to adequately supervise his team and legitimising the ‘derisory chat’. All face charges over not reporting the comments. If guilty of gross misconduct, they face a lifetime ban from policing. The hearing is expected to continue for four days. Contacted by Metro.co.uk, a representative for the Met was unable to give further detail due to the upcoming misconduct hearing. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele playing Vegas shows through chronic pain as she reveals disc in back has ‘worn away’ MORE : Lily-Rose Depp ‘super aware’ of privilege to be daughter of Johnny Depp and Vanessa Paradis as she talks nepo baby fame 