Kevin de Bruyne took a playful swipe at Arsenal fans after the Manchester City midfielder had bottles and plastic glasses launched at him during his side’s victory at the Emirates. The Belgium international opened the scoring on Wednesday with a wonderfully taken effort after a mistake from Takehiro Tomiyasu in the first-half. While Arsenal equalised through a penalty converted by Bukayo Saka, City took control in the second half with Jack Grealish restoring the lead after 72 minutes. 10 minutes later, de Bruyne was involved again, driving into the Arsenal box before cutting back for Erling Haaland to wrap up the 3-1 win that saw Pep Guardiola’s side leapfrog the Gunners back into top spot in the Premier League. De Bruyne was replaced by Kalvin Phillips with three minutes of the match remaining and was targeted by Arsenal fans who threw plastic bottles and glasses in his direction. The midfielder swerved to avoid being hit by one as he walked around the pitch, smiling back at the home support. With City celebrating a huge win, de Bruyne made light of the incident, sharing images of one glass heading his way with the caption, ‘Beer anyone?’ followed by ‘Thanks!’ While the win sees City move to the summit of English football, Arsenal still have a game in hand with the two rivals set to meet again at the Etihad Stadium in April. ‘If they win the game in hand they are top of the league,’ Guardiola said post-match. ‘What they have done is incredible and we are still there. This league will be decided for the last eight or 10 games. ‘There are 15 to go. It is a lot and the Champions League is coming. Many games and tiring for the players. ‘It is important that we are here because six points if we lose and maybe nine points hypothetically, it is not easy. ‘Especially for the way we behave in the second half, with a lot of personality to do it.’ MORE : ‘He won’t sleep tonight’ – Alan Shearer sympathies with Eddie Nketiah after Arsenal striker’s missed chances against Man City MORE : ‘We gave them goals’ – Mikel Arteta fumes with Arsenal mistakes after defeat to Man City For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 