Poor Loreen’s performance was rudely interrupted as she took to the stage for Melodifestivalen 2023. The Eurovision Song Contest winner of 2012 returned with the hopes of representing Sweden once again in the annual singing extravaganza. Favourite to triumph in heat 4, the Euphoria hitmaker belted out her tune Tattoo. However, things didn’t go according to plan thanks to a stage invasion. As the star vocalist gave it her all in an elaborate set-up, what appeared to be a protestor ran onto the stage. Holding a flag or banner, the intruder ran around the platform where Loreen was singing, before security ushered them off. The cameras panned out so it wasn’t possible to catch details of what went on, but one thing’s for sure, Loreen remained totally professional. Production halted her performance mid-track, and she was allowed to pick things back up, totally nailing her vocals. Viewers, though, were absolutely fuming. Watching along, Eurovision fanatic Rylan Clark tweeted his anger. ‘HOW DARE SOMEONE DO THAT TO LOREEN…. JAIL THEM . YOU DO NOT DO THAT #Melfest #Melodifestivalen2023 NOT ON!!!!!! She better perform again’, he raged. ‘Is she ok can someone tell me please’, he asked frantically, to which followers assured the former X Factor star that Loreen is safe and well. Other Eurovision fans accused the organisers of trying to ‘set Loreen up’ with the major blunder. ‘The worst part about this is that whether or not she wins the stage invader will always play a part in the conversation. The performance will now always be tainted. Loreen truly deserved better than this because the track is incredible’, tweeted another heartbroken fan. Despite the devastating blow to her performance, Loreen still managed to bag the most votes, meaning she qualified for the Melodifestivalen 2023 final. ‘Loreen absolutely killed it despite the interruption!’, one Twitter user praised. Another penned: ‘you guys don’t understand how blown away i am by loreen’s performance like that was a eurovision winning performance and you cannot tell me otherwise’. One wrote: ‘loreen has to be given an insane amount of credit for getting back up and devouring the performance after this. she was definitely shaken by that stage invasion’. This year’s Eurovision will take place in Liverpool in place of Ukraine amid its war against Russia. Swedish singer Loreen – full name Lorine Zineb Noka Talhaoui – first shot to fame when she competed in Eurovision in Azerbaijan. Euphoria went on to reach number one in many European countries, including Germany and Sweden. She’s also had hits with My Heart Is Refusing Me, which reached the top 10 in Sweden, and top 20 hits with Crying Out Your Name and Statements. Her latest release, Tattoo, showcases her impressive vocal talents, with the star previously explaining that the mood of the song is ‘a bit mysterious and powerful at the same time’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Thousands of Eurovision 2023 tickets to be allocated to displaced Ukrainians MORE : Alesha Dixon, Graham Norton, Hannah Waddingham and Ukrainian singer Julia Sanina confirmed to host Eurovision 2023   