Residents have been left struggling to sleep due to the sound of waste being flushed through a nearby ‘poo pipe’. The structure appeared at the Wendelburie Rise development in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire in November. It was built so close to homes – mere metres – due a leak in the underground sewage network. Anglian Water gave locals food hampers as an apology for the inconvenience and were reassured the new pipe would only be temporary. The company estimated the work would be completed in March, but residents fear they’ll be living with the outdoor ‘poo pipe’ until the summer. Fed-up locals say they are woken by the sound of poos being flushed away at night while others brand it an ‘eyesore’. Firefighter Craig Rollason, 32, lives opposite the pipe with his wife Katie, 30, and their newborn baby son Harris. He said: ‘Due to the freezing weather last month, we’ve now been warned that it might not be taken down until May or June. ‘Before the work started it really smelled bad which was because of the damaged pipe. ‘We were glad it was getting sorted out but it’s been going on for a while now. ‘The pipe is a real eyesore and a hazard for us crossing the road because you have to step into the road and cars can drive up pretty fast. ‘It can be pretty scary crossing the road when you’ve got a newborn baby with you.’ Tim Buckley, 31, and his girlfriend Beth South, 27, are also impacted by the pipe. The couple say they can hear sewage going through pipe outside their kitchen window. Tim, a digital marketing co-ordinator, said: ‘You can hear the water and waste being flushed around in the pipe. It is not a particularly pleasant thing to have to listen to when you’re trying to relax in the evening. ‘The pipe completely blocks our view from the house. We understand why it was put up but we’re sick of it now.’ Another resident added: ‘It’d be nice not be woken by the sounds of human effluent rushing past your front door.’ Anglian Water say repairing the underground pipe is a ‘complex’ operation. Despite this, the firm say they are confident the repairs will be completed by the end of next month. A spokesperson said: ‘Our teams are continuing work on the damaged sewer pipe on Ise Valley in Wellingborough. ‘The engineering solution to repair the pipe is complex, due to its position and depth underground. ‘We plan to rehabilitate the existing pipe using a method called sewer relining. ‘The innovative technology means we will install a new robust lining to the inside of the pipe, essentially a ‘pipe within a pipe’, allowing us to minimise further disruption for the local residents, and ensure the integrity of the pipes for years to come. ‘We’ve been in close contact with all local residents throughout, and know this work has been hugely disruptive for them – we’re sorry for this. ‘We’d like to thank them for their ongoing patience and understanding – keeping their facilities running and protecting the environment is our top priority.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.