Welcome back to How I Made It, Metro.co.uk’s weekly career journey series. This week we’re chatting with Moses Nalocca, a 38-year-old mindset coach originally from Italy. Moses left his home country to move to London with just €15 to his name. Despite a law degree, when a job search yielded no results, Moses applied to work with Success Resources, a seminar provider focused on self-development and empowering people in their careers. His coaching career went from strength to strength and in 2020, when a work trip left him stranded in Bulgaria due to Covid, Moses seized the opportunity to set up a business, training companies to take their leadership skills to the next level. It was due to the connections he made in Bulgaria that, upon returning to London, he got a call from the Bulgarian Karate Federation asking him to do some mindset coaching with their team. They needed Moses’ help to qualify for the Olympics. Athlete Ivet Goranova’s gold medal in Tokyo, is proof of Moses’ skills. Hey Moses. What was it like being a mindset coach to Ivet Goranova? In the two hours I had with the Karate Federation I noticed there was this girl, Ivet, who was trying really hard at the exercises I was showing them. I flew back to Bulgaria because I had an engagement on the day of the competition and while I was there I received a call. They said, ‘Ivet is in the semi finals, she needs to speak to you because she’s panicking’. So we did a ‘mindset push’ together. We removed some blockages and anxieties with some techniques that I use, and she got the gold medal in the qualifying competition in Paris, which meant direct qualification for Tokyo. For the last 8 months before that she’d lost everything – she’d had no victories at all and the federation was considering not taking her to Paris. After that, I signed an agreement with the federation and then we worked together from July 5 to August 5, for an hour and a half every day. We managed to do the impossible and what everyone was saying could not be done. We were going for gold, and in Tokyo, we got the gold medal. What techniques did you work on with Ivet to get her to win the gold medal? Awareness firstly, then identity, then celebrating as though you are already a gold Olympic champion. There was a lot to be done because we had to remove some barriers. There were some emotional issues that had to be unblocked regarding past memories. We had to heal that, and deal with the fears of competing. It’s already a great achievement to be there, but I didn’t want to go just to participate, I wanted to go there to win. So it was about having that winning mindset of, if not you, who else? We worked on shifting her identity, you can’t step into something if you don’t see it in your mind. I stopped calling her Ivet and gave her an identity of Dozera which in English translates to Dozer, which means ‘unstoppable.’ She then went on to win every single competition, including the final where her competitor was the number one in the world. Financially speaking, how much do you earn from your mindset coaching? For entrepreneurs and businesses the cost of memberships is about £1000 a year. When it comes to coaching athletes I earn nearly £600 a year per athlete. I also won an award for a seven-figure contribution to the industry. What do you love the most about your job? My favourite thing is to see the transformation in somebody. Recently I worked with a 20-year-old where we did a ‘discovery session.’ She was closed off and miserable, but with some little techniques and allowing her to download, after less than an hour you could see there was a transformation in her. There was that light in her, of ‘you know what? It’s possible’. What do you dislike the most about your job? I dislike that it shows me how most of us as human beings have lost hope and that belief. When I work with somebody, coaching is not me pointing a finger and trying to fix people, coaching is me and you together, cooperating and becoming cocreators of a third party result we want to achieve. But sometimes I want the benefit and result more than my clients, and that is the only thing which may make me not feel great. But I can’t do anything about that. I dislike when I see potential in someone, and I see something they can do or be, and yet they are not believing in themselves or being aware. Did you ever picture yourself in this line of work? It was the 1996 Olympic games in Atlanta. I was 12-years-old and I was dreaming to win a gold medal. So for those of you, whatever dream you may have, it may not happen in the way that you want or the time frame you want. It took me over 25 years to win that gold Olympic medal, but I have always had that dream and passion. In the moments where you don’t expect it, life rewards those dreams. I won that gold Olympic medal. Ivet is the one who got it, but it’s part of me, because I saw it when I was a kid. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I design and build the best bars in London, from Annabel’s to Sexy Fish’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a professional matchmaker and help people find love’