A Wheel of Fortune contestant has become the latest game show participant to leave jaws dropped after a truly questionable answer. On a recent episode of the long-running series, a trip to Antigua was on the line and all that stood between contestant Khushi and the prize was a single letter. The puzzle in question was in the Food and Drink category, and while Khushi has successfully guessed H at the end of the first word to leave just one letter to go, she was still perplexed. While the answer to the puzzle was ‘Fresh Tropical Fruit’, the letter S in fresh was the last one that needed to be filled in. However instead of answering the puzzle, she decided to spin the wheel and guess one more letter. But it became clear pretty quickly she had no clue what the phrase on the board was after she decided to put forward the letter G. While game show contestants regularly fall victim to the pressure of the situation, audience members were so shocked about what they heard they let out an audible gasp as Khushi threw out her guess. ‘I’ll go with a … G,’ she said, briefly pausing to think through her answer. As soon as she said that someone in the audience loudly exclaimed ‘what’,  wondering where she had gone so wrong. Khushi realised her mistake when the audience again groaned seconds before the buzzer went off indicating that she had missed her chance. However, contestant Juliana capitalised on the mistake and solved the puzzle as soon as she could. Host Pat Sajak couldn’t avoid addressing the elephant in the room, and said: ‘You know when that happens and you’re sitting at home saying, “How in the world can that happen”, you know, sometimes it is a word that just doesn’t want to come into focus for you.’ Although Khushi was left red-faced, her loss was Juliana’s gain as she not only picked up $650, but a trip to the Caribbean island. However people watching along at home had some sympathy for what unfolded. ‘Well, I can tell you first hand that it’s much different when you’re actually on a game show under pressure vs. thinking comfortably on your couch,’ one person shared. ‘Poor Khushi. I’m pretty sure she was nervous and wasn’t thinking straight,’ another added. Luckily for her, it’s likely her viral moment will quickly be forgotten as soon as the next funny game show answer rolls around. Wheel of Fortune airs on ABC in the United States. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ant and Dec’s Limitless Win players miss out on breaking record with whopping £1,200,000 – but they did get a surprise message from David Tennant MORE : BBC Breakfast’s Naga Munchetty struggles to keep a straight face when baby keeps farting through emotional cancer story  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 