Ryan Reynolds has described his chaotic family life after Blake Lively is believed to have given birth to the couple’s fourth child. The Deadpool actor, 46, and Gossip Girl star, 35, announced in 2022 that they were adding to their brood when Blake stepped out at a red carpet event with a noticeable bump. Ryan and Blake are already parents to three daughters: James, eight; Inez, six; and three-year-old Betty. The Hollywood couple are strict about keeping their family lives out of the spotlight, and took this one step further when they didn’t exactly post an announcement about the arrival of their new child. Instead, Blake posted a picture to Instagram of her, Ryan and his mother Tammy, ahead of the Super Bowl, where she no longer had a bump and said she had ‘been busy.’ Fans were quick to assume this meant the couple had welcomed their baby, with thousands flocking to the comments to congratulate the family. Now Ryan has opened up more about being in a large family in a new interview, and described everyone as ‘doing fantastic.’ Appearing on CNBC’s Power Lunch this week, the actor was congratulated on ‘the addition to your family,’ and asked ‘how is the little one doing?’ ‘We’re very excited,’ Ryan said, appearing virtually from what appeared to be his home. ‘We wouldn’t do this four times if we didn’t love it.’ He added: ‘Everyone is doing great. Everyone is actually doing fantastic. ‘If we hadn’t figured it out by now, I think we’d be in deep, deep trouble! But it’s a zoo over here.’ Ryan was also asked straight out whether they had welcomed a boy or a girl, and simply laughed in response, saying: ‘I ain’t telling.’ He referred to Blake’s ambiguous Instagram post, explaining they ‘didn’t make a birth announcement, we just posted a photo and the media did what it does after that.’ Gesturing to the room he was appearing virtually from, he described it as his ‘office’ and joked: ‘I’m probably going to spend the rest of my life in here.’ Ryan and Blake first met in 2010, on the set of Green Lantern, and went public with their romance the following year. In 2012, they tied the knot in a ceremony in California. The couple welcomed their eldest daughter, James, in 2014, before expanding their family once again with Inez in 2016, and Betty, in 2019. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ryan Reynolds welcomes Emma Corrin to Deadpool cast as he confirms they’ll star in third film MORE : Ryan Reynolds and his Wrexham fairytale is a story with an all-too-familiar script  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 