Disgraced socialite Ghislaine Maxwell was put into ‘solitary confinement’ after giving a TV interview from behind bars, prison insiders have revealed. Maxwell, 61, appeared on Talk TV last month in a series of taped video and audio calls in which she spoke about life in jail and blamed paedophile ex-lover Jeffrey Epstein for her downfall. Bosses at the Federal Correctional Institute in Tallahassee are now said to have begun an investigation because inmates are only allowed ‘video visits’ from a closely-vetted list of friends, family and lawyers. Insiders told the Daily Mail  Maxwell is believed to have breached the terms of her 20-year sex trafficking sentence by selling her story to a journalist. However Maxwell was quick to protest her innocence, even on air at the time as Jeremy Kyle said she wasn’t paid a ‘damn penny’ for the interview. She was later  marched off to the Special Housing Unit (SHU) – a ‘prison within a prison’ where inmates are locked up for 23 hours at a time and fed through slits in the door, it is claimed. A source said: ‘About two weeks after the show was on TV, Max was just minding her own business when they came in, turned her around and handcuffed her. ‘She got really upset, she was crying, she was yelling that she hadn’t received any money, but nobody saw her again for three days. ‘The SHU is not a nice place. You go in there if you’re suicidal, if you fail a drug test or you get in a fight. ‘It’s like a little box and you’re only allowed out to shower once a day. There’s no contact from anyone, no privileges, they slide your meals through a slot. ‘Normally people stay there for at least two weeks but she was out in about 48 hours because there was no evidence she was guilty.’ Maxwell used her January 23 interview with TalkTV’s Jeremy Kyle to complain about her 6am starts and boring prison diet of tofu and beans. She also sparked controversy by claiming without evidence that the now-notorious photograph of Prince Andrew with Epstein victim Virginia Giuffre was a fake. ‘Ghislaine Maxwell agreed to be interviewed for the very first time in a series of taped audio and phone calls from behind bars,’ crowed Kyle, introducing his interview as a bombshell world exclusive. ‘During that call Maxwell told our interviewers and her brother Kevin, who was also present, that she’s suffering from depression, having lost everything.’ The TV host directly addressed the question of whether Maxwell was paid for the exclusive chat, saying: ‘How much did we pay Maxwell for this interview? ‘Let me tell you categorically, not a damn penny and nor would we.’ Federal inmates can schedule 25-minute video calls with an approved list of family and friends via the federal prison network’s CorrLinks system. Prison pals say Maxwell insists she didn’t break any rules because she was speaking to a genuine, longtime friend, the filmmaker Daphne Barak, who was asking the questions which appeared on Kyle’s show. The clips of Maxwell talking were in fact taken from a longer interview with Maxwell, conducted by Barak and produced by the American CBS network. Barak has interviewed Maxwell on several previous occasions for newspaper articles, and has even distributed a photo of her behind bars without pushback. What upset Maxwell most was that they threw her in the SHU before they knew the facts,’ an insider said. They added: ‘She hasn’t been the same since then, it’s made her very down and depressed. She thinks they are being intentionally cruel and mean to her.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.