Seann Walsh had quite an ordeal during the delivery of his first child, as he fainted while his girlfriend was giving birth. The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here star announced on Sunday that he and girlfriend Grace Adderley have welcomed a baby together. However, it seemed Seann, 36, had more of an eventful experience than the new mum herself, as their child was being brought into the world. On his Instagram, the comedian shared the joyful news in a video, stating: ‘So Grace has had our baby and [I’m] sat here in the very relaxing postnatal department and the staff have been great. ‘The nurses have been coming up to me all morning and congratulating me which has just been lovely.’ He then quipped: ‘I didn’t realise how many people knew what the Chortle comedy award for best show was but, you know, these nurses have their finger on the pulse. They really do. ‘Just shows you how well the NHS is doing really. I should have brought the award with me but I just wasn’t thinking.’ Pointing behind him, he sighed: ‘The baby. Great week actually, really great week.’ Seann returned to the platform later to share a pretty amusing tidbit about the birth, writing: ‘Oh btw. I passed out during the birth. Of course I did. ‘The nurse’s response… “Men”. Fair.’ It comes after Seann and Grace, who have been dating since 2019, shared that they wouldn’t be finding out the baby’s gender until it was born. ‘We’ve decided not to find out if we’re having a girl or a boy until the big day, and I don’t have a preference, but for some reason I can only picture a boy,’ he revealed alongside Grace in an interview with Hello! magazine. Discussing their plans for the birth, he joked: ‘Grace will be immersed in the miracle of it all, while I’ll be thinking, “This could make a good 10 minutes on stage”.’ ‘If ever I feel tense or awkward, I do always feel I have to break the tension with something funny. And it will be my first ever dad joke,’ he added. Seann announced he was set to become a dad in October during a stand-up show. ‘I’m having a child,’ the comic revealed, to which his friend asked for confirmation: ‘So you’re gonna be a dad?’ He replied ‘yeah’, prompting the friend to joke: ‘That’s worrying.’ Seann was famously at the centre of controversy a few years ago after he was pictured kissing his Strictly Come Dancing professional partner Katya Jones. He was in a relationship with actress Rebecca Humphries at the time, but she dumped him once the photos surfaced. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richie Sambora ‘couldn’t really see’ his guitar but still pulled off a stunning performance as Jacket Potato on The Masked Singer MORE : Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly are over say fans as she deletes photos of him and shares cryptic message 