A jaw-dropping new superyacht has been designed to be ‘virtually invisible’. The 88-metre Pegasus features mirrored glass to reflect sky, clouds, and surrounding environment. Designer Jozeph Forakis says his concept would be the ‘world’s first’ 3D-printed vessel and ‘invisible both in design and in her environmental impact’. Reflective ‘Solar Wings’ would provide solar-electric power in tandem with a hydrogen hybrid source. The glass of the superstructure incorporates transparent solar panels to power electrolysers extracting hydrogen from seawater. Fuel cells convert hydrogen to electricity stored in Li-on batteries for powering azimuth pods, and all operating and hotel systems. The theme of zero emissions is also reflected in a multi-level ‘Tree of Life’ hydroponic garden, providing fresh food and air purification. The interior of the yacht features four levels connected by a sculptural spiral staircase. There is a spacious guest lounge showcasing minimalist design and living nature, both inside – with living greenery – as well outside with uninterrupted views in all directions. The top level is exclusive to the owner, with forward facing master-suite featuring a large private terrace. The forward pool club has an aquarium-style lap pool and expansive horizontal windows that transform into open balconies on both port and starboard. When closed, the pool cover functions as the helipad. At the aft of the ship, the open beach club with an oversized jacuzzi and fold-down balconies transforms into an enclosed solarium with sliding glass panels across the ceiling and down the transom bulkhead. The Superyacht’s construction would use robotic 3D printing to create a mesh framework integrating both hull and superstructure. The result would be an extraordinarily strong and lightweight structure that can be produced using less energy, material, waste, space, and time compared to conventional construction. The futuristic yacht was conceived on a beach in Koufonissi island, Greece. ‘I was inspired to create a yacht as close to the sea and nature as possible, made of clouds floating above the waterline,’ said Jozeph. ‘I wanted to honour nature by blending into it, becoming virtually invisible,’ ‘Pegasus is a bold but achievable vision for the near future of the superyacht industry, where man and machine live in harmony with nature rather than competing or compromising it.’ With no price formally announced, the Pegasus has been prepared to show to interested shipyards and could be in production by 2030. MORE : This is what a £250,000,000 superyacht for King Charles could have looked like MORE : Huge floating turtle that could be superyacht home for 60,000 rich people