Erling Haaland appears to be winning his fitness battle ahead of Wednesday’s Premier League summit meeting against Arsenal. The reigning champions can return to the top of the table with a win over this season’s pacesetters having drawn to within three points of the Gunners, albeit having played a game more, following Sunday’s 3-1 win over Aston Villa. Haaland was taken off as a precaution at half-time after he was involved in a heavy collision with Villa’s ex-Arsenal goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez. Asked in his post match press conference, if Haaland will be fit to face Mikel Arteta’s side, Guardiola said: ‘Right now I don’t know. We will have to see over the next few days. ‘He got a knock and was uncomfortable so at 3-0 up we didn’t want to take the risk. We will assess him and if he’s not ready we will play someone else. Hopefully he is ready.’ The Norway international appears certain to feature, however, given he was included in pictures City released after Monday’s training session, pointedly posting an image of Haaland’s silhouette. On the upcoming clash against the main challengers to their corwn, meanwhile, Guardiola said: ‘Arsenal have a game in hand. We will see after all the games when the Premier League is finished. ‘But we are going to London to try and get a win. When one team has made 50 points in the first leg it is because they are very good. we closed the gap today because the performance from the team was really really good.’ City midfielder Rodri added: ‘We have the chance to go top and to go there and show our personality and the team that we are. ‘They are playing at an incredible level and we have an incredible level too. It is going to be an incredible fight and an incredible battle and we have the chance to be on top of the table so that’s what we have to think.’ Arsenal have been the best team in England this season but Mikel Arteta’s side have suffered a slight wobble, losing to Everton last weekend and dropping two points at home to Brentford on Saturday. MORE : Porto set asking price for Manchester United to complete Diogo Costa transfer MORE : Chelsea set to give Graham Potter plenty of time after seeing Mikel Arteta’s Arsenal success For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 