Police were sent to Billie Eilish’s LA home on Wednesday after an apparent prank phone call, it has been claimed. According to reports, officers arrived at the Lovely singer’s property this week to perform a wellness check on the 21-year-old. It is thought that a prankster called and alleged that the musician was in need of assistance, causing alarm. TMZ reports that several police cars sped to her house, and were greeted by her team, who assured them that she is doing fine. Billie has yet to speak out over the alleged incident on social media. The news comes shortly after the Oscar-winner was given a restraining order against an alleged intruder, after they tried to break into her childhood home. Billie addressed the incident, explaining that it – as well as five prior issues – had caused her to become fearful of her safety. She was previously given a temporary restraining order to keep Christopher Anderson away from her and her loved ones, and appeared in court to ask for the order to be made permanent after he allegedly attempted to gain access to her parents’ LA house. According to TMZ, the singer appeared via video link for a hearing on February 9, where the judge granted a five-year order of protection, covering the musician, her parents and her brother. The 39-year-old has been ordered to remain 100 yards away from everyone named, and is also banned from contacting Billie on social media or going near her home, work place or vehicle. He was alleged to have turned up at the family home several times since December. In documents previously filed as part of the case, she claimed that the incidents caused her to suffer ‘substantial anxiety, fear, and emotional distress’, explaining that she no longer felt safe visiting her loved ones at the property. Speaking in January while requesting her restraining order, the Happier Than Ever hitmaker also said: ‘Regrettably, this is not the first time an unknown individual has attempted to contact my family and me specifically by stalking us outside my family’s home and by making professions of love to and threats of violence against me. ‘However, each such occasion, including the present one, causes me substantial anxiety, fear, and emotional distress over my personal safety and that of my father, mother, and brother. ‘I worry that some day one of these individuals will do something violent or extremely disturbing to me or one of my family members.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Glendale Police Department and Billie Eilish for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dragons’ Den contestant returns 8 years after rejecting Peter Jones’ £75,000 offer – but faces a brutal grilling from Touker Suleyman MORE : Bruce Willis showered with love by famous fans including Aaron Paul and Selma Blair following frontotemporal dementia diagnosis  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 