Sam Smith was reportedly ‘furious’ backstage at the Brit Awards after a technical glitch almost forced their performance to be axed. The 30-year-old singer delighted fans with a wild rendition of their hit Unholy at The O2 in London over the weekend, but the £500,000 set is said to have hit some issues when one of the cars apparently malfunctioned. This is alleged to have caused a delay as the crew tried to fix the errors and Stormzy had his performance moved forward to cover. Viewers were also baffled by a video montage of Adele which killed more time while Sam’s set was being reconstructed. ‘Sam’s performance might have appeared seamless but behind-the-scenes it was a nightmare,’ an insider told The Sun. ‘The whole set was built and ready to go but then a ­malfunction meant it had to be pulled off. ‘Stormzy was moved forward and Sam was told there was a possibility their performance might be pulled altogether. Sam was understandably furious and it was pretty tense backstage.’ The performance still left viewers stunned and totally unaware of any drama as Sam donned horned headgear while dancing sensually on stage with a crew of performers behind them, all dressed in black, steampunk-esque ensembles, following the musician’s striking turn on the red carpet in a statuesque, latex design. By the end, two dancers lay on the bonnet of a skeletal car as it bounced up and down, and they leaned in to give each other a passionate smooch while Sam walked away. It’s thought the technical issue involved the cars being used in the ambitious and epic set. And while Sam’s collaborator Kim Petras was spotted at the Universal afterparty following the show, the singer didn’t attend the bash at 180 The Strand. ‘Sam was pleased with how the performance went in the end but the stress beforehand took the shine off the night completely,’ another source said. ‘What should have been a huge night for Sam ended up being pretty stressful and they made a quick exit from the ceremony and didn’t bother going to celebrate at any of the label parties.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Sam Smith and the Brit Awards for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : From Harry Styles’ triumph to Wet Leg’s anti-Tory dig and Sam Smith’s Unholy spectacle – Brit Awards 2023 standout moments MORE : Sam Smith and Kim Petras’ Grammys performance sparks ‘Satanic’ complaints 