Gunther’s Millions is ostensibly about a dog who inherited a fortune from a wealthy countess and lived a life of luxury, but like fellow Netflix documentaries such as Tiger King, there is more than meets the eye. As the story goes, a German Shephard named Gunther was bequeathed a colossal $400,000,000 (£328m) from his owner Karlotta Liebenstein, with family friend Maurizio Mian in charge of the pooch’s care. As Mian, who comes from a family that owned a huge pharmaceutical business, explains in the doc, the countess had a son, Gunther, who died by suicide, and had ‘transferred her love’ onto his pet dog, who was named after him. With such vast wealth, Gunther the dog employed 27 staff to tend to his every need and purchased luxury villas in countries such as Italy, as well as Madonna’s former abode in Miami. But Maurizio had bigger ambition for the canine, and his sizeable trust, and began a new lifestyle at the Like A Virgin singer’s home, auditioning ‘young and beautiful’ people to live there, the doc shows. The chosen ones became a group known as The Burgundians, who lived in the mansion alongside Gunther and abided by 13 commandments. Former Burgundians member Michelle Mainoni tells the program makers that ‘researchers in white lab coats’ began ‘watching and studying us’ while casting director Ed Arenas said compared it to a ‘science experiment.’ Orgies became a routine part of daily life for The Burgundians, the documentary reveals, with Michelle stating they were actively encouraged to have sex with one another. ‘And then I don’t know what happened, it just got weird,’ she says. ‘It morphed from this glamorous, hedonistic lifestyle to more like we’re being watched 24/7,’ she continues, revealing there were even cameras in the bedrooms. Mian himself admits he ‘made mistakes’ with The Burgundians, which eventually fell apart, and decided to focus on business interests in Italy to ‘change the scenery a bit.’ This included buying Italian football teams, including one from Mian’s hometown Pisa, and hiring two porn stars La Ciocciolina and Valentine Demy to be the face of it. But Mian hadn’t totally let go of the idea of The Burgundians and set up the Italian equivalent, The Magnificent Five, but this time with local celebrities, including Fabrizio Corona. This time the members of the group were given a necklace, with five lights representing each aspect of the ideal life; every time they ‘achieved’ one of them, it would glow. And there was another goal of The Magnificent Five: encouraging the participants to procreate a ‘generation of truly happy people.’ But as former member Emanuel Cirinei explains the experience was one of the ‘saddest moments of my life and happiness was very far away’, adding that: ‘It was like brainwash.’ But Gunther’s Trust wasn’t as it seemed, with its lawyer Piera Salussolia revealing that the countess had never existed and the money had, in fact, belonged to the Mian family all along. ‘She was not a countess, she was an avatar,’ Maurizio tells the filmmakers. Asked about the story of Gunther, the ‘countess’s’ ‘son’, Mian replies: ‘He was maybe an extrapolation of myself.’ Mian, who says he suffers from depression like the fictional Gunther, had been attempting to find a cure for unhappiness through The Magnificent Five and The Burgundians experiments, the doc reveals. Meanwhile, the $400m had belonged to the Mian family all along and had been put in the dog’s name and in an offshore account in Lichtenstein to avoid paying high Italian taxes. ‘It was a carefully curated decision, financial artifice for taxes,’ Maurizio explains. As the end of the documentary shows, Mian’s inspiration behind Gunther the dog was his ex-girlfriend Antonella’s pet pooch of the same name, who Mian said he really ‘fell’ in love with. The subsequent Gunthers were all descendants of Antonella’s canine, with Mian now working to found a dog sanctuary. He was seen eyeing up islands in the Bahamas to house a new animal sanctuary, telling the Netflix programme makers he envisioned seeing many Gunthers roaming free there. Gunther’s Millions is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘The world thought a millionaire dog was the father of my baby – we were worried the Vatican would take her away’ MORE : Dog now worth $400,000,000 with 27 staff after countess left her fortune to him  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 