A teenager declared ‘people are going to get terrorised tonight’ as he bought a firework that later killed an elderly pensioner, a court has heard. Josephine Smith, 88, is believed to have been asleep in bed when the Megaburst device was stuffed through her letterbox. A fire erupted in the house when it exploded, and the victim was already dead by the time emergency workers arrived. Kai Cooper, 19, from Leatherhead, Surrey, is accused of arson and manslaughter, but denies the charges. Cooper is said to have set off fireworks towards terrified people in the street with a younger boy, now aged 17, before they both headed to the home of Mrs Smith – a complete stranger. The pair had gone to buy the fireworks from a shop in Romford, east London on October 28 2021, the Old Bailey heard. On the trip, Cooper allegedly told the shopkeeper: ‘I want something that is going to go far and quick.’ The teenager apparently went on to say to his girlfriend outside: ‘Hey babes, come here. I’m trying to get fireworks, let them off at people. People are going to get terrorised tonight.’ Cooper also bought two lighters from a Co-op shop, a jury was told. The two young men are said to have banded together to set some off next to a restaurant and a pub and near cars. Heidi Stonecliffe KC said: ‘It is the Crown’s contention that they acted as a team as they did this, with Kai handing (the 17-year-old) the fireworks before they were lit and Kai encouraging (the 17-year-old) to do this. ‘It was, it is suggested, the precursor for the altogether more tragic events that occurred shortly afterwards.’ Cooper and his friend then walked towards Mrs Smith’s house in Queens Park Road, where she lived alone. The court heard the 17-year-old took a Megaburst firework and ran across the road towards Mrs Smith’s house, where she was in bed and likely asleep. He then lit the firework and put it through the letterbox before they later left the scene, jurors were told. The jury has been asked to consider whether Cooper was party to the offences by encouraging and assisting the younger defendant. According to a statement from Cooper’s girlfriend, the 19-year-old had been laughing as his friend ran across the road to Mrs Smith’s house. Ms Stonecliffe said: ‘It was her view that (the 17-year-old) would not have put the firework through the door if Kai had not suggested it.’ Describing the consequences, the prosecutor said: ‘Two explosions occurred in swift succession, just like others that (the defendants) had set off in the street. ‘They caused a fire to start, which burned through Mrs Smith’s house.’ The late pensioner was pronounced dead at 11.09pm after efforts to revive her failed. She was ‘entirely unknown’ to the pair and it was ‘a tragically random incident’, Ms Stonecliffe said. ‘That makes it no less serious or tragic’, the prosecutor added. Ms Stonecliffe said there is no dispute that Cooper and the other youth bought fireworks and lighters that night, all paid for by Cooper, or that one of them was put through Mrs Smith’s door. The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.