Cardi B appeared to try and settle the alleged altercation between Offset and Quavo at the Grammys, with footage emerging of the rapper apparently shouting at the feuding pair. A report claimed Migos rappers Offset and Quavo got into a brawl backstage at the music awards on Sunday as tensions continue to simmer between the two. It was alleged that Quavo, 31, refused to allow Offset, also 31, to take part in a musical tribute for their late group member Takeoff, who was shot dead at the age of 28 in October 2022. Offset later denied the claims on Twitter and insisted there was no ‘fight’ between him and Quavo. However, a clip has emerged of a woman, believed to be Cardi B, 30, screaming and shouting at the two rappers to calm down. In the video obtained by Entertainment Tonight backstage at the Grammys, the woman shouted: ‘Both of y’all wrong. This is not right. No b*****, shut the f**k up ‘cause you shouldn’t have been talking.’ The WAP hitmaker has not addressed the footage. TMZ first reported that the row erupted just before Quavo took the stage to perform his song Without You during the In Memoriam segment of the annual awards. They claimed it was a physical fight that was said to have been sparked by Quavo allegedly refusing to allow Offset – who is his cousin – to take part in the tribute, despite his participation apparently being requested by Grammys bosses. Offset later dismissed the reports and said: ‘What tf look like fighting my brother yal n****s is crazy.’ Migos split in 2022 when Offset left the group, but Quavo and Takeoff continued to perform as a duo called Unc & Phew, named after the pair’s familial relationship with the late Takeoff being Quavo’s nephew. Takeoff died on October 31 after being shot and killed during a fight outside a bowling alley in Houston, Texas. His uncle Quavo was present during the altercation. Patrick Xavier Clark, 33, was arrested in December as a suspect in the murder, while police also arrested Cameron Joshua, 22, was charged with the unlawful carrying of a weapon in connection to the shooting. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Cardi B’s rep for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Will Smith was supposed to perform at Grammys but ended up pulling out MORE : Chris Brown apologises to Grammy winner Robert Glasper after scathing attack – ripping into Recording Academy instead  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 