Naming the clubs to have won a major trophy since Newcastle last stood in the winners’ circle sounds like a good quiz question, until you realise just how many there are. By the time you have got to Luton, Oxford and Portsmouth the quiz would be over. Carry on through Swansea, Wigan and Wimbledon and the pub would be closed. Such has been the length and depth of the Magpies’ dry spell it has become a subject of ridicule within the game. In Sunday’s Carabao Cup final with Manchester United at Wembley, the Toon Army hope finally to call time on all the jokes. Since winning the FA Cup final in 1955 – their third in five years – Newcastle’s only real taste of glory came in the 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, a triumph so long ago that by the time fans explain it was the old Uefa Cup, which is the old Europa League, sympathetic confidants have lost interest. Safe to say the glory years of the black-and-whites came in, well black and white. Not so much pre-internet as pre-colour TV. Prehistoric then. There have been hints of revival;  the Magpies reached the FA Cup final in 1974 and returned to Wembley for the League Cup final two years later but both trips to London ended in heartache. The real what-ifs were saved for the 1990s when a swashbuckling, freewheeling team created by Kevin Keegan squandered a 12-point lead in the 1996 title race and, despite the attacking spearhead of Alan Shearer, they no-showed in back-to-back FA Cup finals as Arsenal completed a 1998 Double and Manchester United bagged a Treble 12 months later. If fans thought it couldn’t get any worse, then two spells in the Championship and 14 years of Mike Ashley’s parsimonious ownership showed otherwise. Enter the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund, RB Sports & Media and PCP Capital Partners. It is hardly the glamour trio of Shearer, Ginola and Ferdinand but if Newcastle’s new ownership group can bring glory to St James’ Park for the first time in two generations then any associated qualms about sportswashing will be pushed even further into the background. Newcastle reputedly became the richest club in the world when Ashley sold up in October 2021 but, as the early days of largesse at Manchester City showed, money is no guarantee of success. Luckily, a key feature of the regime’s first 18 months is how astute they have been, rather than how extravagant. Big money has been spent on the likes of Kieran Trippier, Bruno Guimaraes, Sven Botman and Alexander Isak but there has been method and careful planning behind every deal. And, in the appointment of Eddie Howe, Amanda Staveley and co made an inspired choice of manager and, crucially, left him to get on with his job. With survival secured last season, the first full campaign of the new era has seen the Magpies kick on. Only Liverpool (twice) have been able to beat Howe’s men in their first 23 league games to inspire hopes of Champions League qualification, perhaps even if a first title challenge in more than 25 years looks beyond them. Under Howe, Newcastle have also become a cup team. Competitions seemingly seen as frivolous distractions from the meat-and-potato business of survival in the Ashley years are suddenly there to be won. The Magpies may have been the victims of a third-round giantkilling in the FA Cup for the second time in 12 months – it’s important to maintain some links to your past – but by then the Toon Army were already dreaming of a trip to Wembley for the Carabao Cup final. On Sunday, that dream will become a reality when Howe leads his team out against Manchester United and Erik ten Hag – another manager breathing new hope into a club fallen on relatively hard times. Newcastle do not travel south in the greatest of health, their only wins in their last six games coming in the two legs of their semi-final with Southampton and with England goalkeeper Nick Pope suspended. But for a fanbase who have learned to live through lean times and disappointment, a perfect build-up would only leave them fearing disaster lurked just around the corner. Instead, Newcastle can look towards a bright future. Even if Sunday ends in failure this is a club set up for more than one shot at glory and the trophy drought is surely drawing to a close. Last orders? The Toon would surely drink to that. MORE : Newcastle boosted by injury news ahead of Manchester United clash in Carabao Cup final MORE : Newcastle’s Kieran Trippier names four Man Utd stars who have impressed him ahead of Carabao Cup final For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.