Designs have been unveiled for a £1 billion superyacht that will could be home to a scientists wanting to work in ultra luxury. The 215-metre G-Quest can be kitted out with an oceanographic laboratory, medical lab or even a small hospital. It is the brainchild of California designer Steve Kozloff, who wanted to create a vessel that allows its owner to oversee their philanthropic efforts while living in luxury at sea. He said: ‘The upper three decks are designated for the owner and the owner’s guests. ‘The remaining 80% of the yacht is dedicated to oceanographic research, medical research, green propulsion experimentation, and medical intervention.’ A sizeable 6,500 sq ft aircraft hangar can house two Sikorsky S-92 VIP helicopters, electric VTOL for the ship to shore transport of personnel and various smaller helicopters. Resupply and transportation of personnel over long distances can be achieved via two Cessna Caravan Seaplanes hangered midship at the waterline. Trips on land are catered for with a garage designated for two SUVs, including one mobile self-contained Nimbl overland exploration vehicle. For underwater exploration, the garage can accommodate and launch one U-Worx Research submarine. The G-Quest accommodates 26 guests in full luxury, plus 150 crew that could include doctors, scientists, pilots, nurses, research engineers, and the ship’s operating crew. The 3,000 sq ft owner’s suite is located at the bow with panoramic views and a large private pool. Elsewhere, guests can enjoy a large spa and pool with a bar, as well as a spacious dining and lounging area. A health suite would provide over twenty hospital beds, including 5G connected robotic surgery, while further facilities can include MRI and x-ray imaging, an ophthalmology department, and even a dental area. The G-Quest would be propelled by azimuth thrusters, which receive power from batteries charged by genset engines fueled by hydrogen, methanol, biodiesel, and green fuels of the future. A thorium molten salt nuclear reactor would heat water and power a steam turbine. The steam turbine is connected to a generator which charges the batteries and provides direct electrical power to the azimuth thrusters. The vessel has a long-range capability of over 20,000 nautical miles. Currently a concept, the Steve Kozloff Design G-Quest, described as ‘the future in research, humanitarian goals, and luxury’, is available for interested parties to take to production. MORE : An invisible superyacht could be a reality by 2030 MORE : This is what a £250,000,000 superyacht for King Charles could have looked like