Banksy’s Valentine’s Day themed artwork has been removed – less than 24 hours after it first appeared. The mural, spraypainted on the back of a building in Margate, Kent, was only confirmed to be a genuine Banksy this morning. It had depicted a woman with a missing tooth and swollen eye shoving a man, though to be her partner, inside a freezer. However, just hours after Banky confirmed the piece was his, contractors from Thanet District Council carted away the freezer that formed a vital part of the piece. The mural – named ‘Valentine’s Day Mascara’ – had utilised a fridge-freezer that was placed strategically in front of the wall. Many art lovers have flocked to see the new addition today and have been left shocked by its sudden disruption. Dan Bambridge-Higgins, who captured the moment the freezer was taken away, described his disbelief. He tweeted: ‘You can’t get them to sort out any fly tipping but hilariously sad that the instant reaction to a new Banksy in Margate by @ThanetCouncil is to remove it!’ Mark Delaney replied: ‘Talk about Thanet Council shooting themselves in the foot. How petty.’ The Valentine’s Day post had appeared to reference the ongoing fight and injustice women face against violence. The woman is complete with a kitchen apron and rubber gloves, but her smile is missing a tooth and she is winking from a battered and bruised eye. Her other half is only visible by his legs that are dangling out of the kitchen appliance which has now been taken away. It is not the first time Banksy has selected a seaside location in the UK for his artwork. In the summer of 2021, various pieces by the artist popped up around Lowestoft, Suffolk and various locations across Norfolk. But there was controversy at the time because a building owner removed an entire section of a shop wall that once displayed an original Banksy artwork in Lowestoft. The move was done so that the artwork could be sold and was slammed by locals who said it was ‘greedy’ and ‘disrespectful’. The artist also created a mural in Folkestone in 2014. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.