A ‘popular girl’ is set to be kicked out of Love Island in tonight’s episode, and has reportedly already left the villa. Wednesday’s edition saw the islanders gathered around the firepit ready for the next recoupling. And while some girls seem pretty happy with their couples, including Tanya Manhenga, Olivia Hawkins and Jessie Wynter, not to mention Lana Jenkins who firmly has her sights set back on Ron Hall, others are going to be left pretty vulnerable, especially after the arrival of new bombshell Claudia Fogarty. A source said: ‘The girls knew Claudia’s arrival could only mean bad news for one of them, as more girls means more competition. ‘The new bombshell had barely had time to unpack before one of them got the boot. There was a recoupling and the girl not chosen had to leave the villa.’ The insider continued to The Sun: ‘A few more of them are in settled couplings now, but Ellie, Tanyel, Samie and Olivia’s situations are less certain.’ For now, Ellie Spence is coupled up with Jordan Odofin, who Tanyel Revan also has her eye on. Meanwhile, Samie Elishi is with Tom Clare – but he was picked to go on a date with Claudia, so could his head now be turning? On Wednesday, Claudia revealed that her dad Carl Fogarty had given her some advice before heading into the villa. ‘My dad’s just like, it’s time to get rid of d**kheads now and settle down and find someone!’ she shared. This comes after Casey O’Gornan figured out the Claudia was the daughter of the I’m A Celebrity winner, telling Tom and Samie: ‘The new girl… I recognised her, on Instagram. Her dad won I’m A Celeb, I think. Carl Fogarty.’ ITV declined to comment. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dumped Love Island star Zara Lackenby-Brown ‘disappointed’ in Lana Jenkins for going back to Ron Hall MORE : Love Island bombshell Claudia Fogarty reveals advice from famous dad Carl Fogarty after Casey O’Gorman confesses he knows who she is 