Thousands of homes have been left without power after Storm Otto battered parts of the country with 80mph winds. More than 40,000 homes have been impacted as food vans were rushed out to affected areas. Scottish and Southern Electricity Networks (SSEN) Distribution warned some customers in rural areas may be off supply for more than 48 hours. It comes amid a yellow warning for snow and ice which was in place for central Scotland until 9am this morning. This weekend, that snow will turn into heavy rain across central parts of Scotland, with flurries also forecast for areas of higher ground. Sunnier spells are expected in southern parts of Scotland into the afternoon. Heavy rain and gusts hit southern parts of Wales as some areas experienced between four and eight millimetres of rain. In England, Northern Powergrid confirmed around 21,000 customers lost power during the worst of the storm. A man in Sheffield was taken to hospital on Friday in a serious condition after a tree fell on him. South Yorkshire Police were called to Endcliffe Vale Road at 8.50am. A spokesperson said: ‘A man in his 50s was injured and was taken to hospital in a serious condition. A property nearby was also damaged and structural engineers are at the scene.’ In Harrogate, North Yorkshire, a tree toppled on to a Porsche on Granby Road. Charlie Lowe, a 29-year-old cake business owner who took the photo, said: ‘I felt shocked and I think it’s nerve-wracking. ‘I felt a bit nervous driving around Harrogate as a result.’ The weather continues to stay mild but cloudy across southern parts of England. Storm Otto is the first storm to be named this winter and was named by the Danish Meteorological Institute (DMI). It is the first to directly affect the UK this storm-naming season, which began in September. The first storm to be named by the Met Office, or the Irish and Dutch weather services, this season will be Storm Antoni. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.