Days of Our Lives star Cody Longo has died at the age of 34. The young actor, who made a name for himself in both the worlds of TV and film, was reportedly found on Wednesday (February 8). A family member told TMZ that he was found in bed at a home in Austin, Texas. The outlet added that Longo’s wife, Stephanie, was at work at a local dance studio at the time, and got an uneasy feeling when she couldn’t reach him. She then asked the police to go and check on him. After receiving no response, cops were forced to kick down the door. A cause of death has not been confirmed. Speaking with TMZ after learning of her husband’s death, a devastated Stephanie shared what she loved about him. She said he was really working hard on himself to fight for his children after past struggles with alcoholism, for which he entered rehab last summer. ‘He was an amazing father and the best husband,’ she said. ‘Our whole world is shattered.’ Longo burst onto the acting scene in 2011, first appearing in eight episodes of Days of Our Lives. He then went on to star in Bring It On: Fight to The Finish, as well as episodes of Nashville in 2016. His most frequent on-screen appearance, however, came in Hollywood Heights, in which he played Eddie Duran for 78 episodes. Along with wife Stephanie, he leaves behind three children: a daughter, seven, and two sons who are five and one. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Authorities in southern California ‘hopeful’ of finding Julian Sands, but admit outcome might not be ‘what we would like’ MORE : Drag Race UK star Cherry Valentine died by suicide aged 28, inquest confirms  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 