Free burgers anyone? Thought so! Yep, we have the inside track on 100 delicious Moving Mountains burgers being given away every day until Sunday. Plus proper Pancake Day blow-outs with a twist of fancy at Polo Bar and Daisy Green, a Mardi Gras party bringing together Southern Comfort and Ibiza Rocks (a marriage made in heaven!) and a brand-new beer fest! If you’ve not tried a Moving Mountains vegan burger yet, then you really do need to have a word with yourself. In fact, go to your room and think about what you’ve done. Or not done. Or you could get down to Hawaiian lava grill restaurant Kua ‘Aina in Soho and rectify the situation at no expense to yourself. Yes, you read between the lines, Kua ‘Aina is offering free Moving Mountains burgers in their Soho restaurant until Sunday, whether you’re eating in or dining out, as long as you’re one of the hot hundred first in. And you’ll be doing a great thing for the planet and for animals and for your health and for your bank account. Win/win/win/win. Until Sunday, 26 Foubert’s Place, W1 Do Southern Comfort have money invested in Mardi Gras? You’d think so seeing as they pretty much own the concept of what we rather humbly call Pancake Day – but which other nations have turned into a full-scale drinkathon of a celebration. And now, thanks to SoCo (as we in the know call it), you can go full MarGras (we’ve made that up but quite like it) with an Ibiza Rocks party headlined by Nathan Dawe this Saturday coming. Get your beaded necklaces and bikinis out of storage and get down to Brixton for Po Boy sandwiches, Southern Comfort Passion cocktails and DJing till… well, who’s worrying about the time anyway? Saturday, The Prince, 14 Lillie Road, SW6 Don’t know about you but any pancake is a good pancake in our book… mind, that doesn’t mean you can’t fancy them up a little. Over at Polo Bar, the independent café with a retro flavour, they’re honouring Pancake Day with a pancake menu that lasts the entire week, 24 hours a day. Make it longer! And they will be peppering that menu with an old-school series of flavours like their Viennetta pancakes, sticky toffee pudding special and ultimate English breakfast stack as well as classics like lotus banoffee, Cookies & Cream with Oreos or red velvet super stack. Lemon and sugar doesn’t even come into it… unless you want them to. Until February 21, 176 Bishopsgate, EC2 A beer festival, you say? With over 200 cask beers to sample? Over three whole days? Of course we’re there! It’s all thanks to Big Penny Social, the Walthamstow drinking den, who have come up with the idea of the Big Penny Beer Fest (that can’t have been a very long meeting). It just happens to be scheduled for this very week, starting tomorrow and ending on Saturday. With live music! And don’t worry if beer isn’t your tipple: there will be spirits and cocktails for the fancy and plenty of them. Oh and the £10 ticket includes a free commemorative pint glass… But who is Big Penny? February 16-19, 1 Priestley Way, E17 Christmas, Easter, National Margarita Day… don’t they come round quick? Well to celebrate the latter, this year’s leading tequila brand Cazcabel (the UK’s best-selling 100% agave tequila, apparently) is stretching it out to Margarita Week. How about a month next time? And to fill that week there will be masterclasses, events, tastings, partnerships, promotions, all sorts of things to celebrate the wonder of a tequila cocktail. Venues like Callooh Callay, Mestizo Chelsea and Murder Inc. have been roped in to join the festivities, while Barrio in Brixton will be hosting cocktail-making classes. So forget knocking back shots with salt and lime and start drinking tequila like a grown up. Cazcabel is here to help. Venues nationwide It’s all very well celebrating Pancake Day but remember it was supposed to be the prelude to forty days and forty nights of fasting, a real blow-out before you gave everything up. Well Daisy Green Collection are going old-school and making a total feast of Pancake Day with their mega Golden Gaytime pancake tower – Golden Gaytime apparently being not a fun same-sex party at sunset but an Australian ice-cream. You live and learn. At all Daisy Green sites, you will get a 12-pancake tower (we suggest sharing but ‘you do you’ as the kids say) inspired by the flavours and textures of that apparent ice-cream. Add milk chocolate ganache, malt crumble, salted caramel, a chocolate caramel tuile… Various locations Are you ready for a little al fresco? Maybe not right now, what with the chill and all, but come April you will. Which is why you need to get in on the ground floor (it means ‘early’) with Adventure Cinema’s return. Taking over some of London and surrounding area’s most gorgeous spots – Charlton House and Gardens, Ham House and Garden, Osterley Park and House (not Garden) and the like, Adventure cinema treats you to movies like Top Gun, Elvis, The Greatest Showman Sing-A-Long, real crowd-pleasers with a bit of a superstar backdrop. Picnic blankies and lashings of… let’s just call it ‘ginger beer’, at the ready! Various locations, from April Raise a glass with the PATRÓN Tequila, who are celebrating International Margarita Day (February 22) in partnership with two Michelin Starred Tom Sellers by opening the doors to an authentic taste of Mexico’s famous ‘Cantina’ culture. Guests can experience a set of complimentary ‘Botanas’ – traditional small plates of delicious Mexican food and created with passion and Perfectly paired with PATRÓN Margaritas. Each evolving dish will complement the flavour profile of the iconic Margarita cocktail. Commencing February 15 at Silverleaf in Pan Pacific, then on February 16 and 22 at The Rooftop, One Hundred Shoreditch and 20th February at Satan’s Whiskers, ‘La Cantina de Margarita’ by PATRÓN will be live for a fortnight, so book via the links now. Various locations MORE : Creed stars Michael B Jordan and Tessa Thompson can’t keep hands off each other at London premiere MORE : It will take you an average of 36 minutes to drive just 6.2 miles in London