Whether it’s a bunch from your bestie or a single stem from your secret admirer, flowers are often the go-to Valentine’s gift for many. However, just like people, beautiful blooms need love and attention. So, if you want your V-Day bouquets looking fresh until Pancake Day, you’re going to have to put a bit of effort in. Thankfully, according to flower delivery service Prestige Flowers, there are ways to stop them from wilting. Expert Jade Robertson said: ‘Whether you’ve already got your blooms to give to your loved one on Valentine’s Day, or you’re going to be a little more last minute, taking care of flowers starts the second you buy them. ‘To make flowers last their full lifespan they need good care, but it doesn’t have to take a lot of time. By following some basic tips it’s easy to keep your foliage looking great’ According to Jade, it’s advisable to cut the stem of each individual flower at an angle about an inch and a half above the base. The diagonal cut increases the amount of water that is absorbed in the stems and keeps them looking fresher for longer. This also removes any bacteria in the bottom of the stem. Positioning is key to floral longevity. ‘Cut flowers generally like to be kept at room temperature, which is between 18C and 22C,’ Jade said. ‘They don’t like heating elements, which is important to remember at this time of year when people are looking to turn radiators or portable heaters on, or light fireplaces. ‘Other heat sources include sunny windowsills and next to your TV, or any appliance which gives off heat. By keeping flowers at a stable temperature, not too hot or too cold, they will grow and blossom at their natural rate, thus extending their lifespan.’ Never use the flower food provided? Well, you should. Fill the vase with the food before filling it with the specified amount of water. Meanwhile, when arranging the flowers in your vase, remove any leaves which all below the water lines. This helps stop water from becoming cloudy and ensures freshness. ‘If your water does start to look cloudy, change the water and add more flower food, otherwise it’s unlikely your flowers will be getting the nutrients they need to keep them looking their best for as long as possible,’ Jade explained. Keep your flowers well away from fruit. ‘Ripening fruits, and especially bananas, release small amounts of ethylene gas which can speed up the maturation process, and therefore make your flowers wilt much earlier,’ Jade added. ‘So it’s much better to move them away from the fruit bowl and enjoy the blooms for that bit longer.’ Prestige Flowers delivers bouquets, plants and gifts nationwide, seven days a week. MORE : How you can still post out a last-minute Valentine’s Day card or gift MORE : How should you handle Valentine’s Day if you’ve just started dating? MORE : 18 messages to write in a Valentine’s Day card if you’ve just started dating