The father of a disabled girl who died after becoming morbidly obese has been found guilty of her manslaughter by gross negligence. Kaylea Titford weighed 22 stone and 13 lbs when she died in October 2020 at home in the town of Newtown in Powys, Wales. The 16-year-old was found lying amid soiled clothing and bed linen, Mold Crown Court heard. Her mother, Sarah Lloyd-Jones, 39, pleaded guilty to manslaughter by gross negligence last year but her father, Alun Titford, denied the offence along with an alternative charge of causing or allowing the death of a child. A jury found the 45-year-old guilty of manslaughter by gross negligence. Asked during his evidence why he had let his daughter down so badly, the removals worker said: ‘I’m lazy.’ The court heard that Kaylea, who had spina bifida and used a wheelchair, died after suffering inflammation and infection from ulceration, arising from obesity and immobility. Emergency service workers, who were called to the house after she was found on October 10, described feeling sick due to a ‘rotting’ smell in her room. Following her death maggots were found which were thought to have been feeding on her body, the jury was told. The court heard that her bedsheets were soiled and she was lying on a number of puppy toilet training pads. Her room was said to be dirty and cluttered, with bottles of urine and a chip fryer with drips of fat down the side, as well as a full cake in a box. Kaylea had attended Newtown High School, where she was described as ‘funny and chatty’ by staff, but did not return following the coronavirus lockdown in March 2020. Titford, who had six children with Lloyd-Jones, said the family would order takeaways four or five nights a week and he thought Kaylea had put on two or three stone since March. The prosecution alleged that Kaylea had not used her wheelchair, which became too small for her, since the start of lockdown. Caroline Rees KC, prosecuting, asked Titford: ‘She hadn’t been out of bed, had she?’ But he claimed he had seen her in the kitchen of the house in her wheelchair during that period, despite telling police in interview that he had not seen her out of bed. The court heard that Kaylea had been discharged from physiotherapy and dietetics services in the years before her death and had last been seen by a social worker at home in 2017. Titford claimed Lloyd-Jones, who was a community care worker, was responsible for looking after Kaylea. He said he used to take her to medical appointments and care for her but stepped back when she reached puberty as he was not ‘comfortable’. In cross-examination he accepted he was as much to blame for Kaylea’s death as her mother. A spokesman for Powys County Council said: ‘Following the conclusion of court proceedings, a concise child practice review is to be carried out and will involve all relevant agencies following a clear statutory framework. ‘The local authority does not feel able to comment until this process has been completed.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.