Comedian Fern Brady, 36, on what people get wrong about autism, what it’s like to be a stripper, and why she can’t stomach the idea of roast dinners. I wrote it for young me and because talking about autism to non-autistic people is so futile. The things people come out with about us are mind-blowingly ignorant – even educated people, like doctors. Comedy is about reducing stuff down, communicating a message in as short a form as possible. So if I was to talk about it on stage, I would be working with people’s current understanding of autism, which is where we can be ‘difficult’ or ‘socially awkward’. A book was a better place for it. Also, I wrote it for people who can’t get autism assessments or post-diagnostic therapy. It’s only because I’m rich I could get the therapy I get now. There are lots of people on waiting lists. I wanted to take stuff I’ve learned and pass it on. Before you’re a stripper, you think of strippers as these dead-sexy, intimidating women. And then you go there and it’s so far from that. Sure, there are some like that, but you also meet a lot of really great people who are doing creative jobs or trying to pay their way through different internships. I really met really cool girls there. On the very first episode, we were all on the stage for the final task and I’m so clumsy, I just decked it. I fell fully on my arse, my skirt went up. It was mortifying. Dara O Briain was a total gentleman, he just grabbed my arm, picked me up very briskly and said, ‘Come on Fern, we’ll do this take again.’ It was just as the screen was going down, so thankfully I don’t think the studio audience saw. But given it was in front of Dara, Sarah [Millican] and that everyone kept asking me about it for the rest of the day – it was just so embarrassing! Definitely! But something the producers told me is to never give up. Some people mentally give up halfway through a task and it really shows on camera. Roast dinners! Because there’s so many incredible dinners that we can have in this life, there’s so many spices and flavours out there, why would anyone want plain roast meat and plain vegetables? It’s like you don’t want anything exciting in your mouth. I think the pride that people take in a roast dinner, it says so much about the British mentality of thinking that we’re amazing at something when we’re not. I hate them with a passion, they’re so emblematic of everything that’s wrong with Britishness. Well, it makes your body look banging, for a start. And also I’m a very clumsy person and I feel like jelly all the time. A lot of autistic people love weightlifting, because apparently we’ve not got a good sense of where our body ends and where the world begins. What that means is that I fall over a lot. I trip over my feet. So weightlifting helps. The more I put muscle on, the more it helps to make me feel grounded. Do I have to pick one? I can’t! It’s Alex Horne, Joe Lycett, Tom Allen and Katherine Ryan. Katherine, Joe and Tom were all so nice to me when I was new. They all gave me really nice advice when I was just a nobody and it didn’t mean anything to them and they didn’t have to. And Alex Horne is just great. God, I wish I could work with him again. He’s so, so lovely. My pre-gig ritual is that I write down the entire show on my hand. I’ve seen people have Googled ‘Fern Brady hand tattoo’. So, just to be clear, I don’t have a hand tattoo, it’s just my notes! For after gigs… I wish I could say that I go back to my hotel room full of sex workers or something. But last night, after the show, I just came back and voice-messaged my friend Allison about celebrity news. Then I watched the Pamela Anderson documentary. I’m actually competing with her memoir, because it came out a week before mine… Imagine if she turned out to be autistic, too. Strong Female Character by Fern Brady (Brazen) is out now MORE : Fern Brady: ‘Stripping and Taskmaster are the most autism-friendly jobs I’ve had’ MORE : Sixty Seconds: Dara Ó Briain on the search for intelligent life-forms and the ‘right-wing, left-wing comedy’ debate