A little girl who became the world’s youngest published author aged five is set to publish her second book. Bella-Jay Dark, now six, could make history once again by becoming the youngest female author to publish a series of books. From Weymouth, Dorset, Bella-Jay bagged the Guinness World Record for the youngest published author last year after selling 2,000 copies of her debut book, The Lost Cat. Her second book, Snowy’s Birthday Party, is now available on Amazon, Waterstones and through publisher Ginger Fyre Press. She will now need to sell 1,000 copies to beat the official record for the youngest author of a book series. Current record-holder Laiba Abdul Basit was 10 years and 164 days old when she published a series of novels called Order of the Galaxy. Bella-Jay’s mum Chelsie Syme, 28, said: ‘I think it’s so sweet to see a child have so much interest in something so original. ‘And to have the determination and imagination to sit down and do it. I don’t think many six-year-olds would. ‘We have asked her if she would have kept doing the books even if she hadn’t got the world record and she said she would. ‘The record is just an extra bonus for her.’ Bella-Jay’s second book is all about her experience at a birthday party and how friendship is more important than possessions. She stunned her family in 2021 when she told them she was going to write a book. Her parents thought it was just ‘one of those things children say’ – that was until she penned and got published her first book about an adventure-loving feline. ‘She is very determined with the publishers, she wants to be the ones to call them and wants to make sure she is the face of it,’ her mum, a professional chef, added. ‘She absolutely loves doing the books and she loves succeeding at it. ‘When she gets an idea she just goes with it, we have seen her sitting in the back of the car drawing.’ ‘She has written half of the third book already.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.