A man has left people fearing for their safety after a string of flashing incidents caught on CCTV. He has been given the nickname ‘willy man’ from residents in Dagenham due to repeated flashing around the east London borough. He was filmed showing his penis on doorbell cameras and putting his genitals through letterboxes. In one video, he is seen walking up to a house just before 6am last Friday. The man is wearing just a face mask and top, but nothing on the bottom while holding his penis in front of the camera. Those who believe the man has targeted them in recent weeks have spoken about their experiences on social media. One person said he was stood in front of her door for around 10 seconds, detailing a similar incident to the above. She wrote: ‘He was in front of my door. [The] video was removed by admins. ‘Guessing someone, could’ve been the man himself complained about it. He is getting braver, doesn’t even bother to hide anymore.’ Another resident wrote: ‘Yes unfortunately he sticks things in the letterbox too, been reported loads, so far I believe not caught yet. ‘If you had this situation please report it and keep whatever evidence your door camera shows you. Needs stopping fast.’ One victim told MyLondon: ‘It’s frightening and has made my family feel unsafe knowing this is happening. ‘There have been other reports of this same person doing this same thing so it’s been going on for some time. He needs catching.’ Referring to a statement issued by the Metropolitan Police in January, detective constable Sky Mulvey said: ‘These incidents were very distressing for the victims and we are determined to swiftly bring the person responsible to justice. ‘We are extremely keen to get any information, CCTV or door cam/doorbell footage in connection with the incidents. ‘If you know who this man is, please contact us, or Crimestoppers anonymously, as a matter of urgency.’ Witnesses are anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 or contact via Twitter @MetCC and quote reference CAD 4471/04JAN. To give information anonymously, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.