Is your relationship just not working? This was the case for one TikToker, who recently came up with a solution to solve her boyfriend woes, by putting him on a performance improvement plan – just like the ones you get at work. At a glance it may seem incredibly patronising – and, to an extent, it probably is. However, TikToker Nadeen (@nadeenhui) says that it actually worked and their relationship has been better since. Essentially, the couple had a shared note of all the tasks that needed doing for the week and a set of things he needed to work on. With more than 124,000 views on the platform, her performance improvement plan (PIP) has divided commenters with some praising Nadeen and others calling her out for being condescending. One user wrote: ‘I’d prefer not to be someone’s manager and assign tasks though.’ While another agreed with the approach, writing: ‘Ignore the haters. Using a communication platform you are both familiar with and agree on is not mean or condescending.’ But what does an expert think? Dating and relationship coach Kate Mansfield told Metro.co.uk what she thought of the approach. Kate explains: ‘I think it’s great to have clear and definable standards for your relationship, but this should be approached as a team – not one person “managing” the other. ‘It is infantilizing, emasculating and demoralising to put anyone on a “plan”.’ ‘These types of issues should be addressed and communicated in a healthy way before living together, or even before any kind of serious commitment is made, to avoid the need for ultimatums ,which can feel like threat or even emotional manipulation,’ says Kate. ‘It puts one person in a superior, or “parental” role. I’d love to know how this dynamic has impacted other areas of the connection – especially their sexual connection? Often it can be a real passion killer.’ She adds: ‘The downsides are many – negative impact on a feeling of romance, chemistry and equality.’ Kate says, without a doubt, that she wouldn’t introduce a PIP approach into a relationship as it’s simply not beneficial. Instead, there are other ways to deal with relationship issues. She said: ‘I coach my clients to make sure to communicate in a way that naturally inspires teamwork and win/win outcomes in their relationships. ‘If your partner needs constant management I would suggest that this is not an equal or healthy relationship. It is never your job to parent or “train” another person.’ Kate says that, ultimately, in the TikTok example, the pair end up connecting as a team. So there may be some takeaways from a similar approach – as long as no one feels patronised, or like they are being trained. She adds: ‘In this case it seems to have worked well, but despite the claim to have put her boyfriend on a PIP – it looks as if actually they are working together as a team and the weekly check-in is a great idea. ‘The frame around it being her “plan” as if he is a child is the main issue here.’ Kate also adds is all comes down to figuring out whether you can work as a couple. She continues: ‘Taking relationships slowly and finding out the level of maturity and how willing the other person is to be a team is an essential part of assessing their suitability. ‘Do it early.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Feeling left out? How to cope when you’re not the favourite sibling MORE : The ‘best friend theory’ says not hugging your mates is the key to long lasting friendship MORE : Do you see yourself as the ‘anti-hero’ in your dating life? The majority of young singles do, says study