Penguins aren’t just cuties but quite the romantic inspo – as they’re known to have one partner for the whole of their animal lives. This fun fact is why one woman hatched the perfect plan, using the birds, to propose to her partner. Louise Middlewood took her partner Naomi to feed the penguins at Drusillas Park, near Alfriston, East Sussex – but had a surprise in store. When they arrived, zoo bosses told the pair to hunt for a small toy egg that had been hidden on their special beach. It contained a note inside asking Naomi to turn around – where Louise was waiting on one knee, with penguins behind her, and a gorgeous engagement ring in hand. Luckily, Naomi said ‘yes’. Louise said: ‘Penguins were the obvious choice for my proposal, as Naomi just loves them. ‘And it has always been on her bucket list to be up close and personal with them, so it just felt right. ‘On the day the penguins were on their best behaviour and helped to pull off a very special moment indeed.’ A Drusillas Park spokesperson added: ‘Drusillas is home to a colony of Humboldt penguins. ‘And although penguins may not seem like the most romantic animal in the world, they are mostly known for having the same partner for all of their adult lives, so they really do understand love.’ The Drusillas team helped Louise concoct a secret plan to be carried out as part of a penguin feeding encounter, with additional staff on hand to help execute the mission and capture the moment on camera. The day also fell on Naomi’s 30th birthday – so the special fuss and attention the zoo team were putting in didn’t raise any suspicions and she had no idea a huge life moment was about to happen. Tamara Nasser, marketing manager, said: ‘It is always an honour to be asked to help with such a special occasion. ‘And this was particularly fun as we had to keep lots of little secrets between us and Louise on the day. ‘I even had to “steal” her car keys to get everything set up before Naomi noticed. ‘We wish them huge congratulations and a lifetime of happy memories.’ Louise and Naomi, from Kent, have already made plans to return to the special spot at Drusillas with their son in the spring. Do you have a story you want to share? Email MetroLifestyleTeam@metro.co.uk to tell us more. MORE : Poo stains seen from space, lead scientists to new penguin colony MORE : Man proposes to girlfriend on a busy flight – and she didn’t even know he was flying with her MORE : Runner met with surprise proposal at 5K Christmas run finish line