A promising young rapper who was ‘ambushed and killed just yards from his home’ died from a gunshot wound. Fernando Johnson was attacked after getting out of his car in Acton, west London, by the A40 road on January 26 at 2.15am. The Metropolitan Police and London Ambulance Service attended but, despite the best efforts of paramedics, the 23-year-old at the scene. A man in his twenties was arrested on January 28 on suspicion of murder but has since been released on bail. His cousin told the Evening Standard two people ‘jumped him and knifed him’ as he got out of his car. But the police post-mortem examination reveals Mr Johnson died from a gunshot wound. A family statement issued described Mr Johnson as ‘a loving family man’ who was ‘passionate about achieving his ambitions’. ‘He was greatly loved by family and friends and well known to the community he always had a smile on his face and greeted everyone with a big smile and hug,’ the statement reads. ‘He wanted the world to hear his story through his music. ‘He was a talented footballer and played for QPR as a youngster. He was very polite and brilliant with people of all ages. ‘It’s a great loss to the family and community, we will make sure his memory lives on. ‘His mother, father, grandmother and two elder brothers are devastated like all of us. He was the apple of their eye.’ Detective chief inspector Matt Denby, said: ‘My team are making good progress with their inquiries but, as always, we are keen to hear who might have been in and around the area at the time of this incident,’ he said. ‘A web portal has been launched for members of the public to upload material that could assist our investigation directly to us. ‘I urge you to check doorbell cameras and dash cam footage for anything you may have captured, it doesn’t matter if you think it is insignificant, we still want to receive it.’ Anyone with any information has been asked to contact police on 101. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.