A dad is using some of the money he scooped in a postcode lottery to pay a sweet tribute to his baby son who died aged just four days old. Adam Scaife, 48, won £30,000 plus a holiday worth £5,000 alongside six others living on his road in Saltburn Street, Hull. The dad-of-two says the money will help him finally afford to buy a headstone in memory of his son Adam, who is twin to his daughter, Eve. ‘We lost our son, Adam six years ago, who was a twin to our daughter Eve,’ he said. ‘We haven’t been able to afford to buy him a headstone or anything. ‘The twins were born three and a half months premature, and Adam passed away after four days, and it was a really difficult time for all of us. ‘We wanted a place that was special, and we have been saving a bit for a memorial but it’s really hard at the moment to actually keep your savings. ‘But now with this, we can give him a place to rest, because we just couldn’t afford it.’ His postcode was revealed as a winner yesterday, and he said he instantly shouted to his family: ‘We’re going to Disneyworld!’ Complications following the birth of the twins has left Adam’s wife, Dawn, struggling with chronic pain in her back and hips, so he said he is excited to treat her to a well-deserved break. ‘It’ll be nice for her to sit down and relax on a beach and not have to worry about anything because she’s an absolutely unbelievable mother, so she needs it,’ Adam said. ‘We haven’t been able to afford a holiday because our wages go on everything. I’d love to take my kids to Florida, they’ve never really been anywhere, they’ve been to the seaside, but they’ve never been anywhere special. ‘It’s not just the kids, I really to want to go to Disney too.’ He also hopes to put some of the money towards helping the family achieve their dream of owning a farm. The People’s Postcode Lottery costs £10 a month to play the postcode where you live. Every day in February, one postcode will be announced as a £30,000 prize and £5,000 holiday winner. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.