The body of a woman who went missing 41 years ago was found mummified on an Andes mountain. Marta Emilia Altamirano, also known as Patty, died during an expedition in the Andes in March 1981. Since then, at least four expeditions have taken place to find her but none of them was successful. A body has now been discovered stuck to a glacier on the highest peak of the Cordillera de la Ramada range. It was found on January 28. At first, all that could be determined was that the body belonged to a woman aged between 18 and 30 years. It has now been confirmed that it is Patty. She had left for the fateful climb with her sister Corina and experienced climber Sergio Bossini on March 23 in 1981. They started ascending the summit four days later and stopped to set up camp at an altitude of over 5,000 metres at around 7pm. Patty went off to survey the surrounding area alone, lost her footing and slid hundreds of metres down an icy slope. Corina and Sergio searched for her throughout the night before sheltering in their tent. They managed to find Patty, who had passed away, the following morning. But poor weather conditions and difficult terrain made it impossible for the pair to take the body with them – so they left to ask for help. They reported the tragedy on March 29 but, by the time the authorities assembled a search team, the snow and ice has buried Patty’s body. After her body was found on January 28, her four siblings travelled to confirm that they recognised the victim’s clothes and belongings as Patty’s. Days later, DNA results also confirmed that the mummified body was the young woman. Patty’s sister Corina Altamirano said: ‘The four of us were able to find out it’s her. ‘It’s a wonderful feeling to be able to know this with certainty. We now feel a kind of deep peace.’ The family said Patty’s remains will be taken to Tucumán so other relatives can say goodbye before cremating her. They then plan to sprinkle Patty’s ashes on the mountain she died on as ‘that was her wish’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.