Mason Greenwood says he is ‘relieved’ after charges of attempted rape and assault against the Manchester United forward were dropped. Greenwood was arrested in January 2022 amid allegations surrounding images and videos that surfaced on social media. The England footballer was later charged with attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and assault occasioning actual bodily harm. On Thursday, the Crown Prosecution Service said the charges were discontinued after key witnesses withdrew their involvement. In a short statement following the announcement, Greenwood said: ‘I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. ‘There will be no further comment at this time.’ Greenwood has scored 35 goals in 129 appearances for Manchester United since making his first-team debut in 2019. He made his England debut a year later and was named in Gareth Southgate’s squad for Euro 2020 but pulled out due to an ‘underlying injury’. Premier League club Manchester United say they will now carry out an ‘internal investigation’, with Greenwood still currently suspended and not able to return to training until the process is complete. ‘The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps,’ they said in a statement. ‘We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.’ Explaining why the charges against Greenwood were dropped, a Crown Prosecution Service spokesperson said: ‘We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. ‘In this case a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case. ‘We have explained our decision to all parties. We would always encourage any potential victims to come forward and report to police and we will prosecute wherever our legal test is met.’ Ch Supt Michaela Kerr from Greater Manchester Police, meanwhile, added: ‘This decision has not been taken lightly. ‘I would, however, like to use this opportunity to reiterate the force’s commitment to investigating allegations of violence against women and girls and supporting those affected, regardless of their circumstances, throughout what can be a hard and upsetting time for them.’ Greenwood joined Manchester United at the age of six and spent more than a decade in the club’s academy before breaking into the first-team. MORE : Man Utd announce Mason Greenwood will not play until internal investigation MORE : Bruno Fernandes reveals Diogo Dalot is close to Manchester United return For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.