Gino D’Acampo’s Liverpool restaurant has received just one star out of a possible five in a hygiene rating following a recent inspection. The Italian chef and This Morning regular, 46, currently operates eight restaurants around the UK, one of which is located on Old Hall Street. It’s understood that the establishment was assessed on January 17, with the Food Standards Agency (FSA) finding ‘major improvement necessary’ for the business to continue. Further details on the hygiene status of the restaurant – in partnership with hotel giant Meliã and which also boasts a sky bar – haven’t been shared, with the FSA not revealing why food hygiene specifically was ranked so low. However, following the inspection by Liverpool Council’s environmental health officials last month, it’s understood that the hygienic handling of food including preparation, cooking, re-heating, cooling, and storage will all have been investigated in the Italian chef’s second venture in the city. The cleanliness and the condition of its facilities and building would also be assessed by inspectors. This includes having appropriate layout, ventilation, hand washing facilities and pest control to enable good food hygiene. Other aspects assessed would include management of food safety, for example, the system of checking that food is safe to eat, and evidence that employees know about food safety. A spokesperson for Gino D’Acampo Hotels and Leisure told Liverpool Echo: ‘We’re extremely disappointed with this rating and have taken immediate action to address the points raised. ‘Our expert consultants have since conducted a robust audit and were satisfied that corrective measures have been met. ‘A re-inspection has already been invited and we are confident of seeing a return to higher scores in line with our sibling restaurants.’ Gino’s Liverpool eatery opened in 2021, following the opening of the hotel. The establishment has actually faced issues with the local council in the past, as concerns were flagged two years ago regarding the terms of its premises licence. After friction between the chain and ward councillors, the venue agreed to stop serving alcohol at 2am, rather than the original cut-off of 3am. Objections were removed after the restaurant said it would not seek to play music and monitor noise late at night. Reps for Gino D’Acampo and his Liverpool restaurant have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jack Nicholson’s estranged daughter says he’s ‘not interested’ in having a relationship with her MORE : Katie Price ‘disgusted’ as son Harvey subject of ‘inappropriate and discriminatory’ images posted in WhatsApp group by Met Police officers   