Jansen Panettiere has died at the age of 28, it has been claimed. The actor, younger brother of Scream star Hayden Panettiere, is thought to have died over the weekend in New York. A family source reportedly confirmed the sad news to TMZ, but his loved ones have not spoken out publicly. According to the publication, law enforcement officials were called to a home at around 5.30pm on Sunday. No further details have emerged and his cause of death has not yet been revealed. Jansen followed his eldest sibling’s talented footsteps into Hollywood, carving out his own career in the spotlight. The New York-born star made his screen debut in an episode of comedy Even Stevens, alongside Shia LaBeouf and Nick Spano, as well as Third Watch, Hope & Faith and Everybody Hates Chris. One of his most notable roles came in 2019 when he landed a part in The Walking Dead as Casper, and he also played a recurring role in Nickelodeon’s The Xs as Truman X. He also showed off his talents on the big screen in Robots, Ice Age: The Meltdown, The Perfect Game and Summer Forever – among many more. Jansen and Hayden, who is five years older, shared the screen on a number of occasions, including 2004’s Tiger Cruise, and The Forger, in 2012. They worked together in Racing Stripes, in 2005, with Hayden playing Channing Walsh while her sibling voiced the younger version of zebra Stripes. Away from the spotlight, Jansen was a budding artist and had an Instagram dedicated to his intricate work. He would post pictures of colorful canvases and his designs on clothing, shoes and accessories. Last month, he uploaded a sweet black-and-white snap of Hayden playing with his hair, alongside the caption: ‘Not the first haircut she’s tried to give me.’ Jansen’s most recent update on the platform came just two days ago, where he celebrated a work of art. Metro.co.uk has contacted Hayden’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 