Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly are dodging break-up rumours, with the couple now seen leaving a counselling office together. The actress, 36, first sparked speculation that they had split on Saturday when she deleted all photos of the rapper, 32, from her social media accounts. She then shared a cryptic post that referenced Beyonce’s song Pray You Can Catch Me, the opening track from her 2016 Lemonade album, which tells of husband Jay-Z’s alleged infidelity. However, now photos have shown them leaving the office of a marriage counsellor in Los Angeles. Megan appeared emotional as she was seen wiping her eyes with her hand while leaving the building, while her on-again, off-again partner, real name Colson Baker, looked contemplative. Seen talking together walking into the car park, they then left in separate cars, according to the Daily Mail, which obtained the pictures. More details about their apparent break-up have emerged in recent days, with reports that they got into an argument this weekend, which led to Megan removing her engagement ring. ‘They haven’t officially called off the engagement, but Megan took her ring off,’ a source told People. ‘They have had issues in the past, but things seem pretty serious this time.’ The report did not specify what they had been arguing about. While the Jennifer’s Body star hasn’t directly addressed the situation, some of her millions of followers gave their two cents, with several suggesting MGK had cheated. However, Megan responded with a sassy comeback to claims her partner had been unfaithful with a member of his band. Megan – who is openly bisexual – replied: ‘Maybe I got with Sophie.’ At the weekend the pair were seen together at Drake’s Super Bowl party in Scottsdale, Arizona just a few hours before her post. Last week, Megan also shared a tribute to the rapper after he missed out on the Best Rock Album award. ‘Congratulations on being in the very small percentage of artists who have received a Grammy nomination,’ she wrote. ‘You have handled this process with a grace and maturity that I haven’t seen from you before and I’m so proud of you. ‘Watching you walk in humility and gratitude, watching you grow into yourself and become a better man is an immeasurably more satisfying experience than watching you accept an award.’ Meeting in 2020 on the set for the movie Midnight In The Switchgrass, the couple started dating soon after, and were engaged last year. However, his decision on the choice of ring to propose with left many people uncomfortable after revealing the band he designed included two thorns, which would hurt his fiancé if they were removed. Metro.co.uk has previously contacted Megan Fox’s and Machine Gun Kelly’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Machine Gun Kelly dedicated song ‘to the ladies’ hours before Megan Fox sparked split rumours MORE : Megan Fox looks seriously glamorous at Grammys party with Machine Gun Kelly after painful ‘broken wrist and concussion’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 