For the second time in one week, a local politician in New Jersey was found shot dead in their car. Russell Heller, a 51-year-old councilmember in Milford, was found dead in his car in the parking lot of PSE&G, the energy company where he worked. Exactly one week earlier, Sayreville Councilmember Eunice Dwumfour was found dead from multiple gunshot wounds in her car near her apartment. Investigators have not linked the two crimes, despite their strange similarity. According to a news release from the Somerset County Prosecutor’s Office, a former PSEG employee approached Heller in the parking lot and shot him. They identified the suspect as 58-year-old Gary Curtis. He was found dead in his car a few hours later from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Investigators have not determined a motive yet, but did say that they believe it was an isolated incident. ‘We are heartbroken at the tragic death of Russell Heller, senior distribution supervisor at PG&E,’ the company stated after his death. ‘He will be sorely missed by all.’ Dwumfour’s case remains unsolved after a week of investigation. The Sayreville councilmember was driving near her home when a gunman opened fire on her, according to witnesses. The gunman fired around 12 shots into Dwumfour’s car. Frightened neighbors ran out of their homes to see her car continue moving and crash into several parked vehicles. New Jersey State Police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are now both working with local cops on the investigation. Dwumfour, who grew up the daughter of Ghanaian parents in Newark, became first ever black person elected to office in her small town in 2021. An outpouring of support from other elected officials came in the week following her tragic death, including New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy. ‘Her death is a tragic loss for her family, friends, the Sayreville community, and our state,’ he said. He also ordered flags in the state to fly at half-mast in her honor. New Jersey Republican Party Chairman Bob Hugin also mourned her loss, saying ‘we will remember Eunice for her steadfast dedication to the community, as well as her deep and abiding Christian faith.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.