Chechen warlord and close Putin ally Ramzan Kadyrov has signalled his intent to invade Poland next should Russia be victorious in Ukraine. ‘I have repeatedly stated that the fight against Satanism should continue throughout Europe and, first of all, on the territory of Poland,’ he said on Telegram. Kadyrov added: ‘What if, after the successful completion of the NMD (National Missile Defence), Russia begins to denazify and demilitarise the next country? ‘After all, after Ukraine, Poland is on the map! I will not hide that I personally have such an intention.’ Elsewhere this week, Kadyrov, 46, was awarded the title of ‘Father of the People’ to supplement his role as head of Chechnya. Russia is reportedly planning a major new offensive in eastern Ukraine this month, and has amassed a fighting force of up to 500,000 troops in the east to stage a re-invasion to mark the one-year anniversary of the conflict. Kadyrov claimed the new offensive would see Russia take control of Kharkiv, Kyiv and Odessa, which they would use as a platform to ‘denazify’ the rest of Europe. ‘Next we will take Odessa, Kharkiv and Kyiv,’ he said. ‘This is where we are gradually heading, thanks to the work of all structures, divisions and nations who united around the call of our President [Putin]. ‘Today we are demonstrating results which the NATO and EU states have not even imagined in their dreams. ‘We will fight through, and get to Poland.’ He urged Russians to be ‘calm’ about the provision of Western tanks heading to Ukraine. ‘These tanks [the West gives Ukraine] mean nothing at all,’ he said. Kadyrov also suggested, without justification, that the war in Ukraine could be ‘over before the end of this year,’ according to Russian news agency TASS. ‘European countries will admit they have been wrong, the West will fall to its knees, and, as usual, European countries will have to cooperate with the Russian Federation in all spheres. There should not and will never be an alternative to that,’ he said. Ukraine’s neighbours have long been concerned that should Ukraine fall to Russia then they would be next in Putin’s firing line. Earlier this week, Zelensky revealed Ukrainian inteliigence has intercepted a Russian plan to take over and destroy Moldova. The move has seen them ramp up their defence spending and successfully pressure the US and Germany to provide tanks and other high-end weaponry in an attempt to bring about a decisive end to the conflict. Yet, Polish authorities are becoming increasingly concerned about the prospect of an attack from Russia or its allies, and are preparing for the eventuality. Marek Magierowski, the Polish ambassador to the U.S., told NPR this week that Russia might set its sights on Poland next ‘Russia has always been our neighbour. It is our neighbour and it will remain so. It will not vanish miraculously in the foreseeable future. So we have to prepare,’ he said. ‘We have to be prepared for any eventuality. Poland might be the next target.’ Kadyrov, despite his close ties with Putin, has been a vocal critic of the Russian army’s performance in Ukraine, and has repeatedly called for more brutal attacks. The warlord has ruled the Russian republic of Chechnya since 2007 and has developed a cult of personality around him. Kadyrov, who frequently refers to himself as the Putin’s ‘foot soldier’, previously threatnened to invade Poland back in May 2022 A father-of-13 with three current wives, he has recruited tens of thousands of ‘volunteers’ to the war in Ukraine and sent three of his own sons to the frontline, he claimed. He is frequently accused by Russian and international human rights groups of overseeing grave human rights abuses including abductions, torture, extrajudicial killings, and targeting the LGBT community. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.