A man says his carpet was ‘ruined’ after a Just Eat order from McDonald’s was spilled all over his hall. Tony Watson, from Grimsby, had ordered a McDonald’s breakfast on the food delivery app. But after opening the door to the driver, the bag ripped, spilling his drinks on his carpet, walls and front door. He claims after watching the chaos, the driver said ‘not my fault’ and walked off with a tip Tony had already given him. He said: ‘I decided to order a McDonald’s breakfast and was tracking the car on the map. When it turned up, he hit the kerb outside our house before coming to the door. ‘As he took the order out his bag, the McDonald’s bag ripped, spilling our drinks all over my door, up the walls and on the carpet in the hallway. ‘It went everywhere. I told him I wasn’t happy about it, but he just told me it wasn’t his fault and walked off with the tip I’d given him.’ Tony tried to get in touch with Just Eat, but struggled to make contact. He said: ‘At first, I got a response saying I needed to use a different link, but that took me to a French website and I didn’t get a response what so ever. ‘I was annoyed by the whole thing, especially with how little he said. ‘The drinks went up the walls, all over the door and on the carpet, which we really can’t afford to replace right now, nobody has money for that kind of thing.’ A Just Eat spokesperson said: ‘At Just Eat, we always want our customers to have a positive experience when ordering their food online. We hold ourselves to high standards and in line with these, we would expect all drivers delivering on our behalf to act responsibly and respectfully at all times. ‘We are sorry to hear that in this case the customer’s experience fell below the high standards we hope to deliver. ‘We can confirm we have already processed a refund for food, and we are investigating what happened with this order.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.