Jeremy Clarkson has rubbed up some Oxfordshire villagers the wrong way, forcing him to apologise for his remarks. The TV presenter, 62, called the locals ‘morons’ in an episode of Clarkson’s Farm which, unsurprisingly, they weren’t best pleased with. In episode three of the new season, which landed on Amazon Prime Video earlier this month, Clarkson chats to villagers of Chadlington, West Yorkshire, who were unhappy with how his farm and farm shop had impacted the natural beauty of the area. The former Top Gear host tells the camera: ‘The lady from the parish council says those that are angry, are really angry. Like, really angry.’ He then says that the online Chadlington community board ‘in essence, says that I’m the devil’, saying he really doesn’t want anyone marching up to his front door ‘with pitchforks’. So, he set up a Q&A session to hopefully resolve the matter and ease the tension. Meeting locals at a hall, he places out wine and various nibbles. ‘We were completely overwhelmed by what happened when the show first aired,’ he says to those in attendance. ‘Traffic and mud and chaos and speeding. Absolute nightmare, I agree. So how can we make this look great and bring people to the area so they can spend but not spoil anybody’s life in the village?’ One villager wasn’t afraid to make their feelings known, responding with some harsh words for the controversial star. ‘You have shown no sympathy or empathy with the people who live in the village,’ they hit out. ‘You’ve described us as morons. You said, “Every village has one moron, I have six.” I don’t want to be called a moron and I think you should apologise for that.’ Apologising, Clarkson replies: ‘You don’t sound moronic at all and your points are valid.’ But, he also argued: ‘Some of the points raised on the West Oxfordshire District Council website, however, were moronic.’ ‘That lambing barn has never been used for lambing,’ Clarkson states. ‘”Nothing is being produced on that farm”? These things are silly things to say because obviously we do produce things on the farm.’ The first villager wasn’t the only one with some critical feedback for Clarkson. ‘But the fact is that ultimately you’re not a farmer, you’re a media personality. But we’re not Love Island,’ they blasted. Sure enough, much of the rest of the meeting wasn’t aired in Clarkson’s show, but he concluded by vowing to tidy up his site and look into traffic control. Clarkson also offers VIP passes and discounts to his shop for the villagers. There’s no denying that Clarkson has made headlines for the wrong reasons as of late, given his vile comments about the Duchess of Sussex. Although, his words against Meghan Markle don’t seem to have impacted his viewing figures, as Clarkson’s Farm actually broke records. His show has since reached incredible popularity, becoming Amazon’s most-watched original show in the UK (from since a ratings body began collecting data for major streaming sites). Clarkson’s Farm is available to watch on Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox star Stephen Lustig-Webb explains his and Daniel’s absence from series return MORE : Ant and Dec ‘apprehensive’ over Britain’s Got Talent return without David Walliams 