Rita Ora has confirmed she is still going by her own name after secretly tying the knot to Taika Waititi. The rumour mill was set alight last year as speculation mounted the pair had quietly tied the knot after around a year together. Filmmaker Taika was spotted wearing what looked suspiciously like a wedding band on his ring finger, while anonymous sources insisted the rumours were true. As it turns out, the speculation was correct – however, one particular piece of information that was floated at the time has now been shut down by musician Rita. She told Live With Kelly and Ryan this week that she has not taken her husband’s last name, despite speculation to the opposite last year. ‘I still just go by Rita Ora,’ she confirmed, after being asked if she now goes by ‘Ora-Waititi’. She added it has ‘been such a whirlwind, the whole experience’. The star, who has just released new track You Only Love Me, is currently on the publicity run in the US, and recently showed off her wedding ring during an appearance on The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon. She joked: ‘You know, it’s my first time showing my ring, but because I love you and I feel like you’re part of our relationship weirdly because we watch you every night… is that creepy?’ Sharing details about their private wedding day, Rita told Heart Breakfast: ‘It was perfect. It was exactly, exactly how I wanted. ‘It was nice and perfect. It is nice to keep some things just to myself sometimes it was nice and sweet… Sorry it’s not that interesting!’ She promised fans looking for a big star-studded bash: ‘One day I will throw a big party.’ Rumours had surfaced in June that the pair were set to tie the knot, with sources hinting they planned to have an intimate wedding ceremony this year, before celebrating with a bigger bash later. The couple began dating in March 2021, and made their red carpet debut that August as they cuddled up at the premiere of The Suicide Squad in Los Angeles. While Rita and Taika initially kept their relationship on the low-down when they first got together, they have been more open about their romance in recent months, happily packing on the PDA in public. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Taika Waititi gets adorable ‘R’ tattoo for wife Rita Ora and jokes it stands for something else MORE : Underwear-clad Rita Ora turns heads in sexy ensemble she cuddles up to husband Taika Waititi at pre-Grammy bash in LA 