Keith Lemon has admitted he didn’t quite know what he was getting himself into while filming a new series of World’s Most Dangerous Roads with Will Mellor – although the name pretty much gives it away. The comedian, real name Leigh Francis, and the Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps star tackled perilous terrain in Albania as they undertook a road trip through one of the most beautiful, and dangerous, parts of the world. While Keith had originally thought they would be going to Iceland, he was blown away by the scenes the pair were surrounded by, after admitting he had no idea why he was actually there. Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk, Keith revealed that he thought Albania would be a bit ‘naughty’ with ‘gangs’, but was ‘beside himself’ at what he really saw. ‘It was an incredible place,’ he began. But the pair couldn’t quite agree on who would be doing the driving, with Will being a self-confessed petrol head, while Keith feared parking. ‘I said to him, you’re going to do most of the driving, and he said, you’ll do a bit of it, and I said, no!’ Keith told us. The Celebrity Juice star continued: ‘And then we came to a river, and then as a joke, I said, “I’ll take it from here!” being all manly, and then he went, okay, and I thought, oh s**t. ‘So I went to the river, and on the show it doesn’t look that bad, but in the car… I swear the car was floating. ‘And yeah, I ruined my pants!’ ‘Not literally,’ he added, going on to explain the next dangerous stunt the pair underwent. ‘So then, I had to drive around a mountain, and I couldn’t believe that this show was about to happen. ‘On part of this mountain, there’s gravestones where people have gone over the edge! And I’m a rubbish driver and it’s raining. ‘So if you flip out, you’re gone. So I don’t know how this show’s allowed!’ ‘We did have a laugh though,’ Keith continued, before revealing that he’s ‘never sworn so much in my life’. ‘I C-bombed a mountain! I called a mountain a C-bomb!’ As well as the mountain, which Keith labelled the ‘most dangerous’ part of the experience, he elsewhere told us that the ‘road etiquette’ in Albania took some getting used to. ‘In the city, it was crazy! I was just panicking and panicking, because no one cares! ‘There’s a bit where we went to a beach, and that was down the side of a cliff, as well, and you’re just concentrating on breathing, and I don’t know if I was breathing wrong and taking too much in, but I started tearing up.’ After welling up, Keith then ‘couldn’t stop laughing’, saying that he felt like he’d ‘gone mad’. ‘And then we got to the beach, I just took all my clothes off and went into the sea, and said, “That’s it, I’m done, shall we go home”.’ ‘It was a good thing to do though,’ he said, adding that some holiday-goers would pay for experiences like that. World’s Most Dangerous Roads starts Sunday, February 12 at 8pm on Dave. Watch the full series on UKTV Play. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Keith Lemon marks end to final Celebrity Juice episode with emotional send-off: ‘Thanks for 14 years of fun and laughter’ MORE : Keith Lemon admits to emotional post-show weep after filming last ever Celebrity Juice episode 