The votes are in, and the Top 50 Cocktail Bars in the UK have been decided. The bars that made the list, which is sponsored by Franklin and Sons, were voted for by hundreds of experts, bartenders, bar owners and drinks writers. There was an emphasis on making sure the list represents as much of the UK as possible. But it seems London still managed to dominate among the cocktail-loving crowd, with an impressive 23 bars making the cut. On top of that, London bar Satan’s Whiskers, in Bethnal Green, nabbed the top spot, jumping four places up the ranking since last year. In second place, we have Cardiff’s Lab 22, which was last year’s winner and is known for having a bold menu, and third place was taken by East-London’s Tayēr + Elementary. After London, the area with the second-highest number of cocktails bars that made the list is Yorkshire, which claimed five of the Top 50 spots thanks to three bars in Leeds and two in Sheffield. Scotland also earned five spots on the list, with Panda & Sons, a prohibition-style bar in Edinburgh, coming in at number six. Chris Lowe, publisher of the list, said: ‘Whilst London continues to dominate this year’s list, it is very exciting to see other major cities across the UK make their mark. ‘The ever-growing interest in cocktails and bartending within the UK means we are spoilt for choice on where to go, and this list allows for the best of the UK bar scene to have a spotlight placed on them – and for consumers to find these hidden gems.’ This year’s highest climber on the list was Bournemouth’s Ojo Rojo, which rose 31 places to 15th place. A Mexican-inspired cocktail bar emphasising Mezcal and Tequila-based serves, it’s got one of the largest and best collections of agave spirits in South-West England. Soma, based in Soho in London, was the highest new entrant this year at number 30, Project Halcyon in Manchester was named the One to Watch, and the Newcomer of the Year award was given to Manolo in Liverpool. For the second consecutive year, Little Mercies in Crouch End won the Sustainability award, and the staff at Hey Palu in Edinburgh scored Bar Team of the Year. Aidy Smith, host of this year’s Top 50 Cocktail Bars event, said: ‘It was my absolute honour to join the Top 50 Cocktail Bars family last year and present an awards programme which sits at the beating heart of our industry. ‘It’s been a rough couple of years and these people have fought relentlessly to keep the nation’s spirits high in so many wonderful ways – it’s time to pay a nod to that.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Cocktails swapped for coffees: Singles are dating cost-effectively with the new ‘daylight saving’ trend MORE : The low-alcohol tips and recipes you need to make your new ‘damp’ lifestyle stick MORE : We tried Tom Hanks’ Diet Coke and champagne cocktail – here’s what we really thought