A member of a street gang told a judge ‘nice one’ after being jailed for two years. Kieran Salkeld, 28, made the comment after he and accomplice Jake Duffy, 22, received sentences of 27 and 24 months respectively for attacking Sam Searson in front of a property in Birkenhead on the morning of December 23 last year. Judge David Potter described the incident as ‘prolonged and serious’. Ring doorbell camera footage showed the pair cornering their victim outside a residence on Highfield Road, Rock Ferry. Some of the video was subsequently circulated on social media, and showed Salkeld and Duffy attacking Searson for around a minute. Salkeld and Duffy appeared before a judge at Liverpool Crown Court for sentencing on Monday. They had previously pleaded guilty to affray and unlawful wounding without intent. Prosecutor Katy Appleton said: ‘The footage shows the victim, who has been identified as Sam Searson, riding a bicycle along Highfield Road, when a vehicle approaches from behind. ‘Sam Searson falls into a run, momentarily pushing his bicycle, while running away from a male, later identified as Kieran Salkeld. ‘As Kieran Salkeld approaches, Sam Searson pushes his bike towards him in pre-emptive self-defence. ‘The two then come together outside 75 Highfield Road and begin to struggle. ‘Sam Searson is pushed into the front garden of 75 Highfield Road by Kieran Salkeld, who is clearly the aggressor. ‘A second male, later identified as Jake Duffy, exits the red vehicle and runs to assist Kieran Salkeld in the assault. ‘Sam Searson is pushed to the ground and as Jake Duffy approaches, he repeatedly stamps on Sam Searson’s head. ‘The assault continues and Sam Searson is punched, kicked and stamped to his head by both Jake Duffy and Kieran Salkeld on multiple occasions.’ Appleton added that Searson had at one stage managed to right himself and fight back, but that his attackers swiftly ‘regained control’ and he was thrown back to the floor. They then resumed kicking him, and stamped on his head. Audio from the video clip appeared to show Salkeld responding to a warning that he could face arrest for the incident by saying: ‘You think I give a s*** about getting nicked?’ Another clip, played during court, features either Salkeld or Duffy saying: ‘You’re lucky I didn’t have a blade lad, you’d have got chopped up.’ After the attack, Searson went to Arrowe Park Hospital, where he was treated for injuries to his ribs and forearm, as well as a large cut on the front of his head that required gluing. Salkeld has a long criminal record, comprising 24 convictions for 30 offences. Duffy has only one former conviction for violent disorder, related to a 2020 brawl outside Anfield stadium following Liverpool FC’s Premier League victory. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.