Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu has thrown her support behind relief efforts following the devastating earthquake that hit parts of Turkey and Syria. The British-born TV personality, who is of Turkish descent, has been using her platform to urge people to do whatever they can to help, whilst also revealing she has family caught up in the disaster. ‘It’s honestly so heartbreaking because it’s my heritage, I’m Turkish so I’ve got so many friends and family out there,’ she said. ‘I have members of my family who have experienced the shake. They’ve been outside, they’ve been sleeping outside,’ she added when appearing on Sky News. ‘It’s scary because it is people who are close to me.’ Since the 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit, which struck at 4am local time on Monday, more than 6,300 people are estimated to have been killed. As rescuers race against the clock to find any other survivors, the World Health Organisation said the final figures of fatalities may reach 20,000. Now working with the British Red Cross, Ekin-Su also said she wanted to volunteer to help with relief efforts in whatever way she could. During the interview Ekin-Su revealed she had donated money to the rescue effort and had also taken part in an appeal video for the organisation. When asked if she would consider travelling to affected areas to assist, she said: ‘Yes – as soon as the opportunity is given to me I’m there.’ ‘Obviously, it is my home, it is my second language. Anything I can do, I’m there to support anyone.’ She also urged others to donate what they could and said ‘we need people to save those people that are buried under the ground.’ Before appearing on Love Island, which she won in 2022 with boyfriend Davide Sanclimenti, Ekin-Su lived and worked in Turkey as an actress. She played Isil, a photographer from London who saves the life of leading character Kuzey (İsmail Demirci) in the series Kuzey Yıldızı İlk Aşk. To donate to the Red Cross’ Turkey-Syria Earthquake Appeal, click here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Raging Dancing On Ice viewers accuse show of destroying Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s confidence as she becomes third star eliminated MORE : Ekin-Su Culculoglu insists she isn’t ‘backing off’ from sexy Dancing On Ice outfits after sparking Ofcom complaints 