Harry Styles quipped he was ‘ashamed’ of himself after doing a shoey onstage in Perth over the weekend. The As It Was hitmaker is currently on the Australian leg of his tour and wasted no time getting stuck into some local traditions. Taking a song break at Perth’s HBF Park stadium, Harry, 29, slipped off one of his trainers, filled it with liquid – presumably beer – and without hesitation necked his shoe’s contents before putting it back on his foot. Before doing so, Harry told the screaming audience: ‘This one of the most disgusting traditions I’ve ever witnesses.’ Post-shoey, he added: ‘I feel like a different person. I feel ashamed of myself. It feels so personal. Such an intimate moment to be shared with so many people. I’ll be discussing this with my therapist at length.’ Footage of the moment quickly went viral, and not everyone derived much joy from watching the former One Directioner suck booze out a trainer. ‘Why is harry styles drinking out of his sweaty shoe I’m gonna vom,’ wrote one Twitter user, while another added: ‘Why are shoeys a thing that is repulsive that is literally f******g disgusting why did I just see harry styles drink out of his f******g shoe?’ Other comments included: ‘YOURE SICK NOT EVEN A FRESH SHOE @Harry_Styles’ and ‘I JUST CANT BELIEVE HARRY STYLES DID A SHOEY AUSTRALIA ISNT REAL.’ Harry jetted off to Australia shortly after appearing at this year’s Brit awards in London, where he won all four gongs he was nominated for, including best artist, best song for As It Was, best album for Harry’s House and best pop/R&B act. Harry was praised for using one of his acceptance speeches toacknowledge his ‘privilege’ and namecheck the female artists who were absent from the best artist category this year. The event had faced criticism this year, its second with gender-neutral categories, after the best artist list featured only male artists – Central Cee, Fred Again, George Ezra, Stormzy and Harry. This was despite an increase in female artists or all-women groups across the board. Harry said that he was ‘very aware of my privilege up here tonight’ while collecting the prize. The Sign of the Times chart-topper then namechecked Charli XCX, Rina Sawayama, Mabel, Florence + The Machine and Becky Hill, dedicating the award to the female acts eligible for the artist of the year category, who were not shortlisted. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Davide Sanclimenti lashes out after ‘maintenance’ guy shows up at his and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s home uninvited while they’re holidaying in Maldives MORE : Alison Hammond smiles as she’s spotted with boyfriend Ben Hawkins for first time near Birmingham 