Rust will resume shooting in the spring, with Alec Baldwin producing and remaining in the starring role despite being charged with involuntary manslaughter. The 64-year-old actor was charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter by the Santa Fe District Attorney’s office over the death of Halyna Hutchins. Cinematographer Hutchins was fatally shot at the age of 42 when a prop gun went off during rehearsals on the set of the Western movie in October 2021. While it had been rumoured in January that Rust wouldn’t be shelved, it has now been confirmed the movie will be going ahead, with a number of original crew members returning to the project alongside director Joel Souza. Joining the production will be safety officers Gary Jensen and Paul Jordan from Tenet Production Safety and production designer Christine Brandt. The production company said that ‘at Hutchins’ behest and with his blessing and support’ cinematographer Bianca Cline will ‘complete Halyna’s vision for the film’ as well as donating her salary to charity in honour of her. The production will continue to use union crew members and bar ‘any use of working weapons and any form of ammunition’ from the set. Souza said: ‘Though bittersweet, I am grateful that a brilliant and dedicated new production team joining former cast and crew are committed to completing what Halyna and I started. ‘My every effort on this film will be devoted to honouring Halyna’s legacy and making her proud. It is a privilege to see this through on her behalf.’ The first of the two charges brought against The 30 Rock actor by the Santa Fe District Attorney’s office last month can be referred to as involuntary manslaughter and requires proof of underlying negligence. The second charge is involuntary manslaughter in the commission of a lawful act, which requires proof that there was more than simple negligence involved in a death, and includes a firearm enhancement, which makes the crime punishable by a mandatory five years in jail. However, last week Baldwin’s lawyers argued the charge was ‘unlawful’ because such enhancement had only been enacted last May, seven months after the incident occurred. Earlier this month, relatives of Halyna also filed a new civil lawsuit against Baldwin. The lawsuit is being brought by Ms Hutchins’ mother Olga Solovey, father Anatolii Androsovych and sister Svetlana Zemko, who will be suing the actor and the Rust movie production company for alleged battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, negligence and loss of consortium. Loss of consortium is a claim which seeks to recover compensation for damage to certain relationships that are mutually dependent. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alec Baldwin says involuntary manslaughter charge enhancement is ‘unlawful’ MORE : Alec Baldwin ‘set to make first appearance in court this month’ after being charged with involuntary manslaughter over Rust shooting  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 