Ncuti Gatwa is saying goodbye to Sex Education as he prepares for life on Doctor Who. The 30-year-old actor has delighted fans for three seasons as Eric Effiong in the hit Netflix series, but now he looks set to move on as he swaps secondary school for the TARDIS after the upcoming fourth season. He broke all our hearts when he revealed the news on Instagram this week, sharing a photo of his trailer door with Eric’s name on it. ‘Last day. Last time. Bye bubs, thank you for all the lessons and for all the strength,’ he wrote, while he shared a similar post on his Instagram Story and added: ‘Goodbye forever baby boy. Thank you all you taught me.’ No, you’re crying. Not surprisingly, his followers, friends and fellow stars have responded to the news and seem as devastated as us, with Aimee-Lou Wood commenting: ‘My heart hurts badly’. Doreene Blackstock, who played Eric’s supportive mum Beatrice, added: ‘Playing Your Mother, watching you grow over the years, going from strength to strength King, has been delightful and a privilege. We’ve shared many a laugh and Eric Effiong tears. It’s been a JOY’. ‘Season 4 has to be the last because this show is nothing without you. Thank you for bringing Eric to life,’ wrote a disappointed viewer, while another fan is looking to the future and said: ‘The doctor is in.’ We’ve still got one more series to enjoy Ncuti as Eric, and he’ll be back for season four alongside fellow favourites like Asa Butterfield, Gillian Anderson, Aimee-Lou Wood and Emma Mackey. Other names making a comeback include Connor Swindells, Kedar Williams-Stirling, Mimi Keene, George Robinson, Chinenye Ezeudu, Dua Saleh, Alistair Petrie and Samantha Spiro, while Schitt’s Creek star Dan Levy is joining the cast as Thomas Molloy, the US Ivy League tutor for Maeve (Mackey). However, there has been a raft of departures after season three, with the sad news that Tanya Reynolds, Simone Ashley, Patricia Allison and Rakhee Thakrar would not be reprising their roles in the show. Sex Education is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Asa Butterfield ‘sadly’ has no scenes with Dan Levy in Sex Education season 4: ‘I wish I had some juicy stories’ MORE : David Tennant and Ncuti Gatwa look frantic in explosive teaser trailer for Doctor Who anniversary specials 