The former in-laws of of a missing Hong Kong model have been arrested on suspicion of murder after her legs were found in their fridge. Police also discovered human tissue in pots of soup when they entered a property in their search for Abby Choi on Friday. Model and influencer Choi, 28, had been missing for several days before parts of her body were discovered along with a meat slicer, an electric saw, and some clothing in a rental unit in Hong Kong’s northern Tai Po district on Friday afternoon, police said in a press release. Police said three people had been arrested and detained for questioning. Superintendent Alan Chung said: ‘Police have found that the flat was arranged by cold-blooded killers meticulously. ‘Tools that are used to dismember human bodies were found in the flat, including meat grinders, chainsaws, long raincoats, gloves, and masks.’ Police have still not been able to locate Ms Choi’s head, torso or hands, which are believed to have been destroyed. Abby Choi was considered to be a rising star on the modelling scene, most recently appearing on the cover of L’Officiel Monaco and enjoying international exposure after being photographed at the Elie Saab Spring Summer 2023 Haute Couture show in Paris last month. The police received a missing person’s report for the model on Wednesday, following reports she had not been seen since the day before. Her body was found in a property in Lung Mei Village in Tai Po, according to local media reports. The flat had been rented by the victim’s former father-in-law, and instead of a furnished home, officers found a place starkly bare of furniture, with just a couch and a table inside. Officers found Ms Choi’s identity card, credit cards and other items in the house, Supt Chung added. Police are still searching for Ms Choi’s ex-husband but have arrested his parents and brother, according to Mr Chung. But the investigation was hindered by false and misleading statements made to officers by all three suspects in custody, aged from 31 to 65. ‘They created plenty of lies and smokescreens to mislead us,’ Chung said, mentioning how the force had wasted valuable time checking surveillance cameras in an attempt to confirm their accounts. An insider told local media the police suspected that before Choi went missing, her ex-brother-in-law, who served as her chauffeur, drove to her home in the exclusive Kadoorie Hill in Ho Man Tin to meet her. The two were supposed to go to pick up the daughter she had with her ex-husband, and a missing persons report was filed when she failed to collect them. The investigation into the cause of her death remains unknown. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.