Real Housewives of Salt Lake City star Jen Shah has officially reported to prison to begin her jail sentence. Last month, the 49-year-old was given a six-and-a-half year sentence after she pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering charges – following allegations that she had been running a US-wide fraud scheme with her former assistant. Stuart Smith, since 2012. According to multiple media reports, the Bravo star entered Federal Prison Camp Bryan, in Texas, earlier today. Priya Chaudhry, Shah’s attorney, issued a statement ahead of her surrender, which read: ‘Jen Shah’s resolve to make her victims whole and to turn her life around is unyielding. ‘She is committed to serving her sentence with courage and purpose, fueled by her desire to make amends for the hurt she has caused and to help others in her new community. ‘No obstacle will deter Jen from making the most of her time in prison and she’s determined to make restitution to those whose lives she has impacted.’ The message, shared with People Magazine, concluded: ‘Her path ahead will be filled with challenges, but with the unwavering love and support of her family and friends, Jen is prepared to face these challenges head-on and emerge from this experience a better person who makes a positive impact on others.’ It was alleged that Shah and Smith had sold services such as website designs that claimed to make the management of victims’ businesses more profitable or efficient, according to prosecutors. They were also accused of offering to sell on the personal information of victims to other members in a ‘fraud ring’, with many of those targeted being over 55. Much of the second season of Real Housewives of Salt Lake City followed the drama, with cameras on hand to capture the moment Shah suddenly left filming ahead of a cast trip, moments before detectives arrived on the scene. Footage then emerged of agents appearing at her home, hoping to get to the bottom of the drama. Smith pleaded guilty to the charges against him. Last July, Shah changed her plea to guilty after being charged with one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud in connection with telemarketing. She is thought to have agreed to forfeit $6.5million and to pay up to $9.5million in restitution. According to NBC, Judge Stein said during the sentencing that ‘thousands of elderly people’ suffered ‘financial and emotional devastation’, due to the alleged crimes, as their lives were ‘turned upside down’. ‘I don’t know if she appreciates the harm she has caused, I hope she has, I heard the words,’ the judge continued. ‘Those people have no way of being made full again … If they are financially, they won’t be emotionally.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richard E Grant reveals Alison Hammond forgot they met before when catching up ahead of co-hosting the Baftas MORE : Corrie stars Katherine Kelly and David Neilson (aka Becky and Roy) reunite and fans’ hearts have melted  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 