Vanessa Feltz urged This Morning viewers to contact her about the best ways to get over heartbreak following her split from Ben Ofoedu. The TV personality, 60, confirmed over the weekend that she’d broken up with her fiancé, 50, after a 16-year romance and confessed she’s ‘shocked, sad and disappointed’. Their relationship was recently hit by infidelity claims, with Vanessa reportedly discovering social media messages between Ben and other women. During Wednesday’s This Morning, Vanessa admitted that she felt ‘terribly humiliated’ as soon as the news came to light. ‘I’ve had millions of messages from people going through it, it’s horrible really,’ she told co-stars Philip Schofield and Holly Willoughby. ‘I can’t sleep at all, so reading thousands of messages on Instagram is something to do at night.’ Vanessa – who is a regular on the ITV daytime show – later encouraged fans at home to phone in to share how they dealt with heartbreak. ‘Help me out,’ she joked. Turning to Holly and Phillip, she added: ‘Am I allowed to say that. I’d take any advice I can get from anyone. If anyone wants it from me.. blimey I can dish it out no problem. ‘But if you got stuff that you want to tell me, I’d be really grateful to receive it, because I really feel like I’m in the eye of the storm at the moment. I haven’t got to the bit where I can look back on it, I’m right in it.’ In an Instagram video – which was shared on Sunday – Vanessa shared an honest and vulnerable update with her followers admitting she was ‘incredibly sad,’ ‘pretty disappointed and shocked.’ Meanwhile, Ben has kept silent on the matter, before he took to Instagram himself on Monday where he finally appeared to address the break-up. Unlike Vanessa’s lengthy post, Ben simply posted a cartoon image of a broken heart to his Instagram stories. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vanessa Feltz looks in amazing spirits after split from fiance Ben Ofoedu as he finally posts heartbroken update MORE : Vanessa Feltz and Ben Ofoedu’s relationship timeline as couple split after 16 years 