People have been flummoxed by one man’s admission that he only pays £850 a month for a lovely huge flat in the capital. That’s including bills. Artist Nigel Grimmer showed a camera-wielding man around his flat for a TikTok video, which began with the poster asking him how much he pays for rent. It seems likely they were standing outside Nigel’s apartment building at the time, since the windows of what appears to be a converted church correspond with the windows in his living room. Said living room is massive and bright, with wooden floors and, of course, those beautiful statement windows looking over the high street. Self-confessed ‘hoarder’ Nigel has plenty of room for the mementoes he’s collected from his travels. Nigel then took the tour down a sizeable (for London, anyway) hallway into the bathroom and then the bedroom. Both of these spaces were pretty roomy too, which makes it even more astounding that Nigel has all this for £850 per month. Now, in other parts of the country, that amount of money might still make your eyes water. But remember, this is the capital – the land of rooms you can’t stand up in (£1,680 a month), triangular beds wedged into corners of studios (£1,300 a month), and teeny tiny parking spaces that cost £70,000. So for Londoners, Nigel’s rent is jaw-dropping. People in the video’s comments have been stunned too, with one writing: ‘Sorry I can’t believe this whole flat is for £850? Where is this zone 20?’ Another person commented: ‘£850 for a whole flat? Is that London Ohio?’ In fact, Metro.co.uk super sleuths have been on the case (read: furiously Googling) and are almost certain the property is actually in Bow, which is in Zone 2. Others have shared their theories as to how this could be possible. Someone postulated: ‘He must own it or bought it years ago and has a cheap mortgage.’ However, the poster very clearly asked Nigel at the very start about how much his rent is every month – not mortgage payments. Somebody else suggested: ‘Privately rented from a friend/family member surely’. While another just quipped: ”Where are his five roommates?’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : From inflation to falling prices – what now for the housing market? MORE : What I Own: EA Selin, who bought her first flat at 24 with a £120,000 deposit MORE : Historic thatched home dubbed ‘Britain’s flattest house’ up for auction for £70,000