Zendaya has reportedly bagged a massive deal that will see her earn $1million per episode ahead of filming for Euphoria’s third season. The 26-year-old actress shot to fame after stepping into the role of Rue Bennett, a teenager navigating drug addiction and anxiety while attending high school. Despite the HBO smash hit being the work of an ensemble, the Emmy-winner narrates the show and has been a stand-out star from the series. Ahead of its third season, Zendaya was tipped to get a substantial raise after winning numerous awards for her performance. She is supposedly set to take home around $1m per episode according to Matthew Belloni at Puck. In the midst of Zendaya’s pay rise, her co-star Sydney Sweeney admitted she was unhappy with the rate of remuneration for actors during an interview with The Hollywood Reporter. She told the publication in July 2022: ‘They don’t pay actors like they used to, and with streamers, you no longer get residuals. ‘The established stars still get paid, but I have to give five percent to my lawyer, 10 percent to my agents, three percent or something like that to my business manager. ‘I have to pay my publicist every month, and that’s more than my mortgage.’ Likely to be the highest of the high school drama, the star’s payments have reportedly been settled recently having ‘just closed a big re-negotiation’. It is not known how much the rest of the Euphoria primary cast members make per episode. Zendaya was not the first star to be offered the big bucks during filming as she followed in the footsteps of TV stars already cashing in eye-watering checks. Series including the likes of Apple TV+’s Ted Lasso, Paramount+’s Yellowstone spinoff 1923 and Disney Plus’s Dopesick are all shelling out the millions for top names to front their stories. However, Matthew also noted that a majority of shows and networks are trying to tamp down inflating star salaries in the current climate and admitted he knew of one ‘dealmaker’ claiming: ‘$850,000 is the new $1 million.’ Metro.co.uk contacted Zendaya and HBO’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Zendaya knocks it out the park at star-studded Sag Awards in striking rose-adorned gown MORE : Euphoria star Angus Cloud ‘faces questioning by police over hit-and-run’ in LA  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 