Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag singled out three players for praise following his side’s ‘rubbish’ first half display in a 3-0 win against Leicester City. Two goals from Marcus Rashford and another from Jadon Sancho gave United a comfortable win against the Foxes. But Brendan Rodgers’ side dominated much of the first half and went close to opening the scoring through Harvey Barnes and Kelechi Iheanacho. United had David De Gea to thank o nboth occasions, with the Spaniard making two sensational saves to keep the scores level. The home side then took the lead when Rashford raced on to Bruno Fernandes’ pass and that left the Foxes deflated. United took a hold of the game when Sancho replaced Alejandro Garnacho at half-time and the England winger got on the scoresheet when he played a neat one-two with Fernandes and finished past Danny Ward. The win moves United to within five points of leaders Arsenal and Ten Hag was understandably delighted with the win but the Dutchman says the side have De Gea, Rashford and Fernandes to thank after a ‘rubbish’ first half. ‘We are happy with the result; it’s a great result,’ said Ten Hag.‘I think when you play every three days you cannot always get to the same performance or limits of the game. Today was really tough but it was first that Leicester played brilliant but second that we were rubbish.‘Our way of play we were really inconsistent and ill-disciplined in our principles and rules of the game. Then you get problems and it was only because of David De Gea that we get a clean sheet until half-time. We were lucky that we scored a goal. Great ball from Bruno, great run from Rashy. Asked to elaborate on what went wrong in the first half, Ten Hag replied: ‘I don’t have so much time with you but luckily we had a half-time where we could repair some stuff. ‘Second half we were brilliant and we were how I want to see us playing. There was a lot of pleasure but it has to do with getting in the right positions and playing simple football. It was enjoyable to watch and we create so many chances with great goals.’ MORE : Graeme Souness hails Manchester United duo after Leicester City win and sends warning to Premier League rivals MORE : Aaron Ramsdale hails ‘irreplaceable’ Arsenal star Oleksandr Zinchenko For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 