Rihanna is reportedly delaying making new music in order to marry boyfriend A$AP Rocky. The pop icon, 345 welcomed a son with the rapper last year and is currently expecting the couple’s second child. After what felt like radio silence music-wise from the star for years, fans were finally treated to new tracks from Rihanna last year, as she released tear-jerker ballad Lift Me Up for the Black Panther soundtrack. However it seems this could be the only new music we could be getting from the Unfaithful singer for a while. A source told Radar the musician is currently focused on her pregnancy and later marrying Rocky, the father of her children. They said: ‘Throwing a wedding and having another baby are Rihanna’s main focus at the moment. ‘Agreeing to do the Super Bowl definitely reinvigorated her love of performing, but it still doesn’t compare to what she has at home. Luckily, A$AP’s on board, too.’ The source added that the wedding will be ‘over-the-top,’ and that the star wants to tie the knot in her native Barbados. ‘She wants it to be in Barbados, a super glam event, but she also wants to be able to run around barefoot,’ they said, adding that the likes of Jay-Z and Adele will be on the invite list. It comes after the star said she was ‘excited’ to release new music but gave no hint as to when it could be expected. The Umbrella singer, whose last studio album was released in January 2016, told Good Morning America: ‘They [the fans] are waiting. I am excited to actually put new music out, but I don’t have any updates for you on that yet.’ Following her headline-grabbing performance at the Super Bowl half-time show, Rihanna is set to next perform at the 2023 Academy Awards. It will be the first time Rihanna has ever performed at the Oscars and will also see the singer give her first live performance of Lift Up Me, the ballad she recorded for the Black Panther: Wakanda Forever soundtrack. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Rihanna for comment Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna’s Super Bowl halftime show somehow sparks complaints it was too sexy for TV and was like ‘porn’ MORE : Rihanna set to perform tear-jerker Black Panther song at Oscars and we’re already crying   You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 