Walking through the front door to my apartment block, I smiled at the lady who worked the night shift there. She was really friendly and I often stopped to chat to her. Tonight though, she was standing talking excitedly to her friend. Beckoning me over, they beamed at me. ‘Can we give your number to a guy I work with?’ the friend asked immediately. ‘We think you’d be a great match!’ Straight away, I shook my head. I was in my late 20s and had gone through multiple failed dates and short-lived relationships. I’d been ghosted, completely blindsided by a break-up and wasted countless nights on dates that were clearly going nowhere. Discouraged, I’d decided to focus on my friends and career as a journalist instead. ‘Oh, go on,’ they urged me. The woman who worked in my building pointed to her friend. ‘She has a great success rate with matchmaking,’ she nodded. ‘Some of her couples have even got married.’ Although I laughingly shrugged off their offer, they wouldn’t give up. Whenever I bumped into the lady who worked in my building, she’d ask again. Eventually, I gave in. If it went terribly wrong, I could always write about my experience, I supposed. The women were delighted, and even slipped a Starbucks voucher under my door, with a note saying, ‘For your date.’ When he text, he seemed normal enough and we agreed to meet up a few days later over the weekend. When the day arrived, I’d been out the night before and I was shattered. But still, I got dressed, put on makeup and walked down the block to the local Starbucks, voucher in hand. I’m so glad I did, because little did I know, as we chatted over a latte and cappuccino on that sunny April afternoon, that I was talking to my future husband. We ended up chatting non-stop, telling each other all about our families, our love for Pittsburgh sports teams, our jobs and our favourite coffee drinks. We laughed at being set up and how we’d both decided to just go along with it, thinking that one coffee date wouldn’t hurt. It was two and a half hours later when we reluctantly said goodbye to go home and get ready for the week ahead. But as I walked away, I couldn’t help but feel I was the cusp of something big. Soon, we were visiting each other’s apartments for dinner. The night I invited him over for some baked ziti and homemade cookies, we decided to watch Ghostbusters. He mentioned how it was one of his favorite movies. We settled on my old gingham couch, laying together watching the film. About 45 minutes in, he leaned closer. We nuzzled each other’s cheeks and soon, shared our first kiss. It was one of those kisses where I just knew it was the beginning of something big. The next month, he text me, saying, ‘You know what? I have the best girlfriend!’ Grinning, I replied, saying, ‘Wait, what? Are you asking me to be your girlfriend?’ And he answered saying yes! I was so excited. The two ladies had been right – he was the perfect match for me. He is the easy-going to my neurotic, the calm to my panic, the procrastinator to my organised and on-time. I baked us pasta that night to celebrate. A year later, we moved in together. Both of our parents are fairly conservative and initially it was a decision they weren’t thrilled about – but they later warmed to it and life just got better and better! We adopted our first dog Moe, started hosting dinner parties together – my big annual Christmas parties now had a co-host. We loved having one another and  occasionally spoke about fate and how cool our story was. Three apartments, one English Bulldog, one French Bulldog, nine Christmases and dinner parties later, as we were sitting watching the television, he whipped a ring out of his pocket and asked me to marry him. It was perfect – simple, and a complete surprise. Our story is the ideal one for us. It solidified my belief in true love, staying positive and optimistic and believing in romance. A year after he proposed, we were married in my hometown of Pittsburgh in October 2021. There was thankfully a lull in Covid cases so we were grateful we could go ahead and no-one got sick. It turns out, our matchmaker was right in putting us together – we’re another couple she can add to her list of married success stories. To this day I’m still Facebook friends with both of the women who helped me find the love of my life – and I’m pleased to see they’ve found the loves of theirs in return. MORE : ‘I fell back in love with my partner every day after losing my memory’ MORE : I left my husband and kids at home to go on hot dates in Costa Rica MORE : I was really excited for our first date – until he was possessed by demons