A man who ran a drug trafficking operation above a village shop has been jailed. Alexander Greening, 22, will serve 32 months behind bars after admitting to importing and dealing Class A drugs from his flat. He carried out the operation from above a shop in the picturesque village of Martley in Worcestershire. Greening’s arrest came about after Border Force officials intercepted one of his shipments from abroad. When police raided his flat, they found drugs scattered across a chopping board emblazoned with the phrase ‘Ketflix & Pills’, a play on the euphemistic phrase ‘Netflix and Chill.’ Officers also retrieved a number of controlled substances held inside grip sealed bags, including pills embossed with a rendering of the superhero Batman and others stamped with the figure of a naked woman. Following his arrest, Greening admitted to 10 drug offences, including the import, possession and supply of Class A substances. He received his 32 month sentence at Worcester Crown Court on February 7. The court heard that his operation had involved a supply of eight different drugs imported and sold between April and August of last year. Detective Inspector Dave Knight, of West Mercia Police, said: ‘This was an investigation by South Worcestershire patrol officers who undertook a detailed investigation which culminated in a decent result in court. ‘It doesn’t matter where you get the drugs from. ‘It doesn’t matter where you are with the drugs – you have got to be lucky every time. We have to be lucky once. ‘We work with other police forces and with Border Force, to stem the flow of drugs into Britain and across county lines. ‘Peddling drugs is inherently risky as is using drugs that have not been tested. ‘In South Worcestershire we have a solid support network in place for drug users and we can signpost as and when required. ‘Drugs dealers will be signposted to the prison service.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.