Just last week I was shopping in my local Aldi when I noticed it had completely run out of basic six packs of salad tomatoes and only had the much more expensive vine-ripened variety left on the shelves. I was lucky enough to find a miraculously unblemished pack of the cheaper ones that had fallen between the shelves. But it now seems that we are all in the grip of a food shortage, with cheap fresh produce such as tomatoes, cucumbers and peppers missing from lots of supermarket vegetable aisles. This is partly due to adverse weather in Spain and north Africa, which usually supply us with goods that won’t ripen in the UK at this time of year. What’s especially worrying though, is that suppliers are now warning that if food shortages continue, then the price of everyday essentials could start to rise, piling further pressure on people who are already struggling to afford the weekly shop. Everyone should be able to buy affordable healthy food and for many it’s these salad staples that make a big contribution to our five a day. Which?’s latest supermarket food and drink tracker shows that it’s the poorest households that are already being penalised the most by inflation because value ranges have gone up by 21.6 per cent in January compared to the year before. That’s more than overall average food inflation which was 15.9 per cent and a lot more than branded goods which was 13.2 per cent. In fact, we found some individual products at supermarkets had soared by over 100 per cent in January compared to the same time last year. Price hikes on basic ranges may not seem huge in monetary terms – take tinned carrots going from 20p to 33p for example – but if you are managing a tight budget you will know the exact cost, and when prices go up it has a much greater impact on your overall expenditures. Food journalist and anti-poverty campaigner Jack Monroe shone a light on the idea that price hikes were not being fully represented by the official figures last year. In an interview about the psychological impact of being poor, Monroe recounts an experience buying jam but being caught 4p short at the till as the price had gone up. She describes the experience as humiliating and this, unfortunately, is likely to resonate with many people. If you’ve only got a specific budget for a set number of meals, the price going up in one area can be quite difficult to deal with. At Which? we often advise people to switch to cheaper ingredients, or opt for a cheaper range. But this is much more difficult for those counting every penny, as they are most likely to have already worked out the cheapest way to cook their meals. That’s why we now have more people telling us they have had to skip meals or visit food banks. It shouldn’t be getting to this point. Those who are struggling most to keep food on the table should be getting help to keep the weekly shop affordable. That’s why it’s important that supermarkets take action now, by making sure everyone has access to budget line items that support an affordable and healthy diet, particularly in areas where people are most in need. They must also make pricing and offers more transparent and provide targeted promotions to support people who are struggling most with access to affordable food. Without this action the poorest in society will continue to feel the brunt  of rising costs and will suffer disproportionately as a result. which.co.uk MORE : Which? reveals the UK’s most-loved supermarket and it’s probably not the one you think MORE : How you could be paying £100s more using convenience stores over supermarkets