Kylie Jenner is in hot water with her fans as she is accused of making light of the Astroworld tragedy that killed 10 people. The youngest Kardashian-Jenner sister, 25, welcomed baby boy Aire in January last year with boyfriend Travis Scott, with whom she also shares daughter Stormi, who turned five this week. This week Kylie also celebrated her son’s first birthday – just days after finally announcing his name – and has attracted criticism for the theme she chose for the celebration. The mum-of-two opted for making the children’s party seem as though it was at Astroworld, the annual music festival run by Aire’s father Travis. Astroworld is defined by the giant model of Travis’ head found on the grounds of the festival, which concertgoers can walk through, and Aire and Stormi’s party featured a replica of this, modeled after their own heads. However the stunt did not go down too well online, with Kylie slammed for the festival theme considering 10 people lost their lives at the 2021 event during a deadly crowd surge. Many more were left injured in the crush, with hundreds of lawsuits filed against the dad-of-two, as well as Live Nation and others involved in the event. The decision to model their child’s birthday party over the festival caused a stir online, with one describing it as being in ‘disgustingly bad taste.’ ‘I truly can’t even fathom why you would WANT your child’s birthday to be associated with such a horrible tragedy,’ the Twitter user added. Another agreed it was ‘beyond tasteless,’ while one described it as ‘very weird’ and another as ‘insensitive’. Some defended the reality star, pointing out that Stormi’s first birthday party also had an Astroworld theme, though it was before the fatal crush that left 10 people dead. Others argued that the giant Travis head can also be found on the Astroworld album cover, on which the festival is modeled, so may not be a direct reference to the festival itself. Grammy winner Travis was performing at Astroworld on November 5, 2021, to a crowd of roughly 50,000 when the crowd surged, leaving many unable to breathe. He was criticised at the time for continuing his set for almost 40 minutes as unconscious bodies were pulled from the crowd, and insists he did not realise what was going on. The youngest victim, Ezra Blount, was just nine years of age. Festivalgoers and their families have taken legal action against the musician, alleging that negligence led to the deaths and injuries sustained at the event. However, both Scott and Live Nation have denied the allegations. Speaking out after the tragedy, he said he was ‘absolutely devastated’ and offered his ‘prayers’ to ‘all those impacted.’ ‘I am committed to working together with the Houston community to heal and support the families in need,’ he said. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Kylie for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kylie Jenner marks son Aire’s 1st birthday with beautiful video after finally revealing his name: ‘You complete us my angel’ MORE : Kylie Jenner celebrates daughter Stormi’s 5th birthday with heartfelt post: ‘I will miss this little face as it keeps changing’   You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 