A 71-year-old man has become the sixth person arrested in connection with the attempted murder of an off-duty police officer in Omagh. Detective Chief Inspector John Caldwell remains in hospital with critical injuries after he was shot following a youth football coaching session at a sports centre on Wednesday night. Police believe two gunmen fired at him multiple times in front of the group of children, which included Mr Caldwell’s young son. His injuries from the incident have been described as ‘life-changing’. The dissident republican group the New IRA is the primary line of inquiry for the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI). The 71-year-old was arrested under the Terrorism Act yesterday, and he is to be questioned by detectives at Musgrave Serious Crime Suite. The five other men – aged 22, 38, 43, 45 and 47 – who have also been arrested in connection with the attempted murder remain in custody. Earlier on Saturday, the PSNI said they had been granted an extension to the detention of four of the men, allowing more time for questioning. DCI Caldwell is well-known in the local area for leading investigations into high-profile sectarian murders, paramilitary groups and organised crime gangs. On Friday, he was described as being in a critical but stable condition, having reportedly undergone surgery twice. Chief constable Simon Byrne said Mr Caldwell’s wife and son are ‘clearly heavily affected by what they’ve gone through’. He added: ‘They want to pass on their thanks both to the people who rendered first aid and care at the scene, but also in terms of the outpouring of support from across the community in relation to this awful outrage. Yesterday, hundreds of people gathered to demand an end to paramilitary violence in Northern Ireland. The main street of Omagh was brought to a standstill as crowds assembled in front of the courthouse for a rally in solidarity with Mr Caldwell and his loved ones. Standing a short distance from where a 1998 dissident republican bomb killed 29 people, they held posters saying: ‘No going back.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.