Rio Ferdinand has predicted where Manchester United will finish in the Premier League this season and sent a message to Jadon Sancho over his return to the team. United are making real progress under Erik ten Hag and Saturday’s 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace took them to within two points of second-placed Manchester City. Following a dismal start to the season, Manchester United have shot up the table to boost their top-four hopes as well as booking a place in this month’s League Cup final at Wembley. Ferdinand believes United are now virtually guaranteed a Champions League spot but doubts they will overtake Man City or current Premier League leaders Arsenal. ‘I think Manchester United will finish in the top four quite comfortably now,’ he told William Hill. ‘A lot of the other clubs around them aren’t being as consistent as them, while United have been picking up results. ‘They’re still a bit off Arsenal and Manchester City, but I can see United finishing in that third spot in the Premier League this season, tying that up and really making that position their own.  ‘Having qualified for the League Cup final last week, that should give United plenty of confidence going into the coming games, knowing they have that to look forward to. ‘Players will now be playing for their position as everyone wants to play in a final, so no player can afford to drop their form or take their foot off the gas. ‘Every game is an audition now to get in that starting XI. So I’m sure all of them will be going for their positions and hoping to start in the final, which will raise competition in the team.’ Ferdinand has also told England winger Sancho he can be like a ‘new signing’ for Manchester United upon his return to first-team action. Sancho has not played a league game for United since October but is back training with the first-team and came on as a second-half substitute in the League Cup clash with Nottingham Forest last week. The 22-year-old was on the bench for the visit of Crystal Palace last weekend but was not introduced. Manchester United legend Ferdinand added: ‘Jadon Sancho is back in the squad and if he can get back playing to his best it will be like a new signing for the club. ‘If you get someone like him, with the talent he has, playing to his best, he’s a threat for any team – his ability to cause defenders problems. ‘In the short-term it also makes United a lot more competitive in general. The United bench over the last month hasn’t been at its most strongest so having Sancho back gives Erik ten Hag a new option to turn to in the coming weeks. ‘He didn’t come on against Crystal Palace on Saturday, but the manager will be turning to him in the coming weeks so he’ll have the opportunities to build up some form.’ MORE : Man Utd working on deal for World Cup finalist with new asking price set MORE : Casemiro compared to Roy Keane by Manchester United hero Terry Sheringham For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 