The question of Ron Hall and Tanyel Revan’s relationship and whether they could end up becoming more than friends has continued to hang over the Love Island villa. And on tonight’s episode of the ITV2 programme, those same suspicions came back to the surface after viewers and the islanders found out the results of the heart-race challenge. In the previous instalment, the girls and the boys – including new bombshell Claudia Fogarty – had to perform raunchy lap dances for each other, dressed up as characters ranging from a builder to a maid. The aim of the game was to do everything in their power to raise the heart rates of their audience… and the results were eyebrow-raising to say the least. After dumping Casey O’Gorman in favour of Ron, Lana Jenkins turned out to have her pulse increased the most by Casey. Tanyel, on the other hand, had her pulse increased the most by Ron, who she’s previously called one of her best friends in the villa. Some Love Island stars, including Olivia Hawkins, have admitted that they think sparks are flying between Ron and Tanyel, despite them both insisting their relationship is solely platonic. This was fuelled during a kiss challenge, when they shared a passionate – and prolonged – snog for everyone to see. Given the latest development, several fans agreed that the rumours that they could be harbouring feelings for each other aren’t going to be disappearing any time soon. ‘Tanyel can play it cool or whatever, but we all know that she wants Ron,’ one person tweeted. ‘Tanyel secretly fancies Ron, doesn’t she?’ another remarked. Someone else wrote: ‘Tanyel’s heart rate was raised by Ron 👀 best friends that really like each other.’ ‘Tanyel is deffo in love with Ron deep down,’ another expressed. Elsewhere in the villa, Tanyel is currently getting to know Jordan Odofin, who came in as a bombshell at the same time as Casey. However, she admitted that while she is a ‘slow burner’ in relationships, she’s not quite feeling it with him yet. Casey, on the other hand, is happy to crack on with the latest newcomer Claudia Fogarty, who’s dad is racing legend and former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! winner Carl Fogarty. Let the games continue. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Claudia Fogarty and Tom Clare head out on date after fans insist they’ve got history MORE : Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu calls for donations in Turkey appeal after family members are forced to sleep outside 