Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly have revealed why a hilarious horror prank on Alison Hammond almost ‘didn’t happen’. The duo are returning to our screens and bringing all the laughter in just hours, as Saturday Night Takeaway returns this weekend. As per usual, Ant and Dec will be bringing the viewers at home and the live studio audience a host of new and exclusive features, live surprises, celebrity guests, returning favourites and outrageous stunts. Joe Wicks and Claudia Winkleman will star in new editions of I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Ear! while Alison and Rylan become the next victims of their very own Undercovers! But a teaser for the new series already shows Alison’s prank going very, very wrong. In a clip showing what went down, Alison enters a horror hotel with flashing lights and creepy dolls. ‘It’s so haunted, get me out of here!’ she cries, before refusing to stay there. The clip then cuts to Alison getting in the car to leave before being talked down and later saying in the hotel restaurant: ‘The place is haunted. I feel it.’ ‘Let’s take things up a little,’ Ant warns, as the pair break into laughter. ‘She fell for it, hook, line and sinker!’ they laugh, unable to hold it all back. Talking about the prank on The One Show, Ant admitted he did feel ‘sorry’ for the This Morning presenter after watching it all back. ‘That is the one that nearly went absolutely haywire,’ Dec revealed. He went on to explain: ‘It was meant to be an overnight stay, she got as far as reception, and she was like, “I’m not staying here, this place is too spooky.” ‘She got out, got in the car and was like, “Take me home,” we’re like, “She can’t go home! We’ve set the whole place up!’ ‘We had hidden cameras everywhere, and she was like, “No, I’m not going back in”.’ Ant revealed that they then had to ring a This Morning producer to convince Alison to stay in the hotel, as well as prank the driver and get him away. ‘That is the one that, very nearly didn’t happen. It’s the closest it’s been to falling apart,’ Dec added. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul Rudd shares awkward reason Marvel told him off while promoting Ant-Man MORE : Alison Hammond’s relationship timeline as she gets ‘engaged’ to boyfriend Ben Hawkins 