An attempted murder investigation has been launched in Northern Ireland after the shooting of an off-duty police officer. A senior police officer was shot a number of times at a sports complex in Omagh, Co Tyrone, just before 8pm yesterday. Detective chief superintendent Eamonn Corrigan confirmed his colleague is in a critical but stable condition after in Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry. Police have now intensified patrols amid suspicions the two gunmen may have fled across the border. The off-duty officer is understood to have been coaching a youth football team when ‘two masked gumen walked up and shot him a number of times’, Ulster Unionist Party MLA Tom Elliott said. He branded it a ‘despicable, cowardly action’, adding on Twitter: ‘No place in society for this.’ Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said: ‘I am appalled by the disgraceful shooting of an off-duty police officer in Omagh tonight. My thoughts are with the officer and his family. There is no place in our society for those who seek to harm public servants protecting communities.’ Sinn Fein vice president Michelle O’Neill said: ‘My immediate thoughts are with the officer and his family. I unreservedly condemn this reprehensible attempt to murder a police officer.’ DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson lamented ‘terrible news from Omagh’, saying: ‘Our heart goes out to the family of this courageous police officer and to his colleagues. ‘We condemn outright the cowards responsible for this. These terrorists have nothing to offer and they must be brought to justice. We stand with the PSNI.’ PSNI chief constable Simon Byrne said: ‘I am shocked and saddened by tonight’s events in Omagh. The officer is in a critical but stable condition in hospital. ‘My thoughts are with him, his family and his colleagues. We will relentlessly pursue those responsible. They have nothing to offer the community.’ Irish premier Leo Varadkar condemned the ‘grotesque attempted murder’ and called on anyone with information to pass it on to the PSNI. In a statement, the Taoiseach said: ‘I have heard the terrible news from Omagh about the shooting of an off-duty PSNI officer tonight. ‘Our thoughts are with the injured officer, his family, colleagues and friends at this difficult time. ‘I utterly condemn this grotesque act of attempted murder. I call on anyone with information about it to share it with the PSNI.’ Irish police said they have ‘intensified patrolling’ in border counties. The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service said they received a 999 call at 8.02pm following reports of an incident in the Slievard area of Killyclogher. ‘NIAS dispatched a Rapid Response Paramedic Emergency Crew and an ambulance officer to the incident,’ a spokesperson said. ‘Following assessment and initial treatment at the scene, one patient was taken by ambulance to Altnagelvin Area Hospital.’ Former Stormont justice minister, Naomi Long, branded it an ‘evil act of cowardice’. SDLP leader Colum Eastwood said the shooting was a ‘chilling attack’. He said: ‘In the face of appalling violence that has no place in modern Ireland, their bravery and selfless dedication to service is an enduring reminder that for every individual determined to tear us apart, there are hundreds more committed to defending our peace and all those who live under it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.