Love Island winner Ekin-Su Culculogu has been strongly advised to stop sharing holiday snaps after her house was subject to a security scare. The TV personality, 28, and her beau Davide Sanclimenti – who both won the 2022 series of the ITV dating show – recently jetted to the Maldives to relax after Ekin-Su’s stint on Dancing On Ice. On Monday [February 28] Davide, 28, caught someone from ‘maintenance’ outside their property on CCTV and he wasn’t afraid to let the individual know that he wasn’t welcome. Taking to his Instagram Story, the Italian star shared black and white photographs of a man in a hi-vis coat outside their house. The boohooMAN ambassador didn’t go into detail on the incident, but implied someone was posing as maintenance to try and gain access to their home, knowing they weren’t there – and he wasn’t happy at all. Despite the disruption, the loved-up couple have been sharing snippets of their romantic getaway on social media. A source shared: ‘They’ve been advised to be wary of posting any social media content from holidays until they’re back home.’ The insider added to The Mirror: ‘But they’re young and excited to be on glamorous trips. Social media content is also a huge part of their jobs.” Lashing out in a fiery rant, Davide wrote: ‘We did not expect no maintenance when we are in Maldives!’ ‘So stay far away from our house motherf***ers’, he blasted. ‘Police is after you, f**k you piece of s**t’, he added, followed by a middle finger emoji. Tagging his other half in the post, Davide also wrote: ‘Don’t f**k with Ekinde’. The pair have been pretty inseparable following their time in the iconic villa, and Davide recently teased that we could be hearing wedding bells soon. He exclusively told Metro.co.uk ahead of their first Valentine’s Day that he signed up to Love Island to ‘find a genuine person.’ ‘I wanted to find love and now I feel like I’ve got everything I’ve been asking for. I find myself really good with Ekin,’ he gushed. ‘We’ve got really good intentions for the future, we’re probably going to get married so I feel like I’ve got everything I wanted.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Davide and Ekin-Su for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Davide Sanclimenti lashes out after ‘maintenance’ guy shows up at his and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s home uninvited while they’re holidaying in Maldives MORE : Love Island spoilers: Olivia ‘shocked’ Kai didn’t choose her as most untrustworthy as he tries to ‘squash the beef’ 