The TV presenter, 56, on the end of Autumnwatch, the clubbing days of The Hitman And Her and being 2% Neanderthal. It was so cold. We were in Svalbard, a Norwegian archipelago. The only people who go there are scientists, people doing extreme sports or filmmakers. The most extraordinary thing was when we went in April it never really got dark. It throws you. I know how to dress for it now – proper boots, proper coat, proper trousers – but I went there once for a Father Christmas thing not dressed properly and I suffered. My feet were so cold I couldn’t feel them. When the blood flowed back in, it was like someone was hitting your toes with a hammer. Because of movies we’ve thought of Neanderthals as being these slightly stupid, thuggish humans and they weren’t. They were really well adapted to survive what they were going through at that time. Unfortunately, they were wiped out because of a massive volcano eruption and because Homo sapiens were better at adapting by doing things like inventing the needle, which meant they could sew their clothes and survive colder temperatures. Another mind-blowing new theory is that we interbred with Neanderthals. I’ve done DNA tests and I’ve got two per cent Neanderthal DNA – most people have. If your ancestry is northern hemisphere, it’s likely that you have got some Neanderthal DNA. That’s why I’ve got a big forehead! We are currently in the fifth ice age because we have permanent ice at both poles and graphs show that they ebb and flow – but the massive difference this time is what we have done to speed that up since the industrial revolution. Whatever we do, the ice is going to melt but are we going to be able to evolve quick enough to survive that? I’ve always made changes. Obviously, my flying [from her family home in Cape Town to the UK] is the one thing I can’t change but I do a huge amount of off-setting. I got involved with a project with the Wildfowl & Wetlands Trust. I put money into the funding for reclaiming salt marshes around the UK coast. The science is showing they sequester a huge amount of CO2 and methane. I get criticised for my carbon footprint but I am doing something. His generation know much more about it than the average 56-year-old. There is a hell of a lot of environmental anxiety that goes on but you don’t want to hang it like a metal coat on them, not at that age anyway. When I’m hiking on Table Mountain. I don’t tend to listen to music when I hike because I like the peace. This is where I think people have made a mistake with podcasts. They are brilliant but I see so many people running or walking listening to intense podcasts, and you think, ‘Guys, the whole point of hiking on a mountain is to free yourself.’ I’ve been overwhelmed at all the comments about Autumnwatch and the BBC’s decision to axe it this year. It goes to show how treasured the Watches are! Of course it’s disappointing, but let’s focus on the positives – Springwatch is not far away and we’re going to work hard to make it a corker. Pete Waterman did a tweet saying, ‘It’s 25 years since The Hitman And Her. What clubs do you remember going to?’ It’s astounded me how many people were watching telly at 2am. Kids don’t come in and switch the telly on now. That documentary made me think that maybe me and Pete should do something on The Hitman And Her. What happened to all those clubs? I’ve got to an age where I now love all those trips down memory lane. I did make a record but not with him. At one stage he was refusing to play it on The Hitman And Her! I made one called H.A.P.P.Y Radio, which was good, and one called Take Good Care Of My Heart, which was terrible. Ice Age: A Frozen World starts on Channel 5 in early March Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Winterwatch’s Chris Packham ‘cancels’ all TV work to pursue creative endeavour after ‘burnout’ MORE : Callum Scott Howells recalls time Elton John rang him: ‘These things don’t happen to normal people’