Mariah Carey and Kim Kardashian’s daughters have teamed up for a new video, only to be mortified by their mothers getting involved. Ionic musician Mariah, 53, shares twins Monroe and Morocco, 11, with ex-husband Nick Cannon, who recently welcomed his 12th child. Meanwhile, reality star Kim, 41, has four children: North, nine, Saint, seven, Chicago, five, and three-year-old Psalm, with ex-husband Kanye West. Mariah and Kim may be two of the most globally famous women in the entertainment industry, but North and Monroe are keen to let them know there’s a new generation set to catch up with them. And in a new video featuring both sets of mother-and-daughter, they tried to do just that. A clip posted to Mariah’s official TikTok account sees North and Monroe dancing and lipsyncing along to Mariah’s own track It’s A Wrap. Suddenly, from the side of the screen Mariah herself appears, as does Kim, each holding microphones and pretending to sing along too. But, as though Kim and Mariah were just everyday mums embarrassing their pre-teens as they tried to get TikTok famous, they were instantly shoved back out of view from the camera by their girls. Sharing it to Twitter, Mariah captioned the video: ‘It’s a wrap..but never for us!’ Fans of the record-breaking artist were in shock to see the collaboration between not only Kim and Mariah, but their daughters – as one person put it: ‘OMG THIS LINK UP.’ It comes after Kim recently headed out for a major bash to celebrate chat show host Oprah’s 69th birthday. The star made headlines on the night out, but not for the reason she might have liked – instead fans noticed she cropped Jennifer Lopez out of a snap of the pair of them with birthday girl Oprah. JLo found herself out of the picture – literally – when Kim shared a happy birthday message on Instagram, zooming in on herself and Oprahand cutting Jen out of the frame. Mariah’s two kids, meanwhile, recently became a big brother and sister for the 9th and 10th time, as their dad – TV star Nick – welcomed a child with Alyssa Scott in December and Abby De La Rosa in November. Nick also has three children with Brittney Bell, two other children with Abby, and one daughter with model LaNisha Cole. He also previously welcomed a son, Zen, with Alyssa, however he sadly died of a brain tumour at just four months old. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mariah Carey dethrones Adele as she breaks huge Spotify record MORE : Kim Kardashian goes intergalactic with alien-themed Skims swimwear campaign and the memes write themselves 