A Venus and Neptune tie today may bring something positive to your star sign. For Aries, if you’re celebrating Valentine’s Day, the Venus/Neptune tie could see you doing so in style, knowing you’ve made a great impression. As lovely Venus aligns with bewitching Neptune in your relationship sector Virgo, your feelings for someone may come spilling out into the open. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 14, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 You’re full of dynamic energy and a force to be reckoned with, and you’re also capable of appearing romantic or very down to earth, depending on who you’re talking to. You’ll be ready to take the road less travelled and try out new experiences. If you’re celebrating Valentine’s Day, the Venus/Neptune tie can see you doing so in style, knowing you’ve made a great impression. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 This looks to be a delightful day, with opportunities for romance and socializing. You may have big responsibilities to attend to or a decision to make, but a sobering aspect means you’re more than equipped to handle any challenge. Going to a party? Whatever your relationship status, you’ll have a great time. If you’re eager to date, the outlook is especially promising, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The Moon in Sagittarius forges an uplifting link with expansive Jupiter, so you’ll be in your element mixing and mingling. You’re in a peak time for networking, making valuable connections and collaborating on projects that could lead to fabulous opportunities. There’s potential for romance at work. Admiring someone from afar? They may have eyes for you too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You could experience a touch of ecstasy, as a mystical blend of energies may find you getting carried away with a beautiful experience, whether you’re travelling or trying something new. And if you’re celebrating Valentine’s Day or are taking a short break, it could work out far better than you dared hope. Regarding your income, a business deal looks all set to go ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Out to impress your partner or latest date? You’ll be ready to take things to the extreme. Jupiter, your romance planet, is in go-getter Aries, encouraging you to do something different to make this day sizzle and sparkle. And if you’re sure about committing to a relationship, whether it a new love match or a business association, a more serious aspect can help seal the deal, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 As lovely Venus aligns with bewitching Neptune in your relationship sector, your feelings for someone may come spilling out into the open. If you’ve held back from sharing, this may no longer be possible, as you’ll sense that your bond goes beyond the physical. On a more practical note, doing a good job with a task or project could lead to better opportunities, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Looking for a new relationship? You may find it when you’re ready to step out of your comfort zone. By daring to do something different like move in new circles, join a club or go on a fun getaway, an encounter could leave you feeling really good. Upbeat Jupiter in feisty Aries, suggests a light-hearted approach to dating, until you’re sure you’re ready to commit, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 This looks to be a special day for going out with your partner, or going on a first date with someone you’ve recently met. A dreamy Venus/Neptune merger means you’ll be very sensitive to what others are thinking, and may be able to read their thoughts without them saying anything. Any encounters, whether business or romantic, can benefit from your piercing insights, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You’re on great form Archer, and keen to get as much enjoyment out of life as you can. Still, as the Sun draws closer to prudent Saturn, you may be ready to give a hundred percent to an idea that could enhance your income in a very solid way. There’s also potential for a romantic evening in or a get-together at a friend’s home. Relaxing and doing nothing can also appeal. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 To spend or not to spend? This could be a dilemma over coming days, especially if doing so might be the key to enjoying more success. If you get an inner push to link up with a life coach, go on a workshop or purchase some life-changing books, it could be well worth it. Let your intuition guide you Capricorn, and despite any uncertainty you will likely make a wise choice. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You’ll be ready to commit to something that’s hard work, but good for your image in more ways than one. If you’re undecided about it, the next day or so could reveal many reasons to says yes. Plus, with Venus linking to Neptune, you’ll want to show your feelings for someone by doing something nice they’ll remember. Attending an event? It will be a great night out, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You’ll view the world through a very romantic lens, that could cast a rosy glow over the affairs of the day. Whether you’re making the most of Valentine’s Day, are keeping it low key or not bothering, you’ll still manage to make this day special. Your imagination will be at a peak, and your ideas will have a brilliant, magical quality that will make you stand out from the crowd. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 12 to February 18 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023