Forget wonky futons and student pallet beds, it’s time for a proper bed revival – and that includes the headboard. Now back in fashion, headboards come in all different wow shapes and sizes, but can be expensive. Thankfully, it’s easy to reupholster a worn-out second-hand one using plush velvet or jazzy patterned fabric, creating something unique and new. Micaela Sharp is a professional upholsterer, interior designer and broadcaster who champions the art of reupholstery and its ability to breathe new life into preloved furniture. Appearances on hit TV shows such as Interior Design Masters and Changing Rooms have made Micaela one of the most sought-after talents in the business. Now she has teamed up with creative learning platform Create Academy to share her first in-depth online guide, called A Complete Guide To Modern Upholstery. Micaela’s course guides learners through every step of the process from start to finish, teaching different modern upholstery styles, what to look out for when choosing furniture, how to select, measure and pattern-cut fabric, as well as key upholstery techniques including stripping back, webbing, piping and box cushion sewing. Through three increasingly challenging projects – a bespoke make-your-own headboard, a loose-cushioned chair and a mid-century armchair – students gain the confidence and mastery needed to tackle their own upholstery projects. Step 1: A statement headboard is a great addition to any bedroom. Source a second-hand headboard online or from a charity shop to be more sustainable. If you are feeling brave you can make your own shape following the steps on my Create Academy course. Step 2: Using a staple remover, mallet and pinchers, remove the old fabric and keep it intact to use as a template for your new fabric. Step 3: To replace the foam, simply pull off the old foam which will be glued down. Now we can add new foam to the front of the headboard. Use a strong spray glue to attach your sheet of foam to the headboard shape. Then using either a serrated knife, an electric carving knife (about £10 to buy) or a foam cutter you can cut the foam to the shape of the headboard and trim excess away from the edges. Next, apply a layer of Dacron directly to the front of the foam, again using spray glue, and then top with a fire-retardant fabric layer. The Dacron makes the fabric look more fluffy and professional, and also prevents creasing. Step 4: It’s time to introduce the star of the show, your top fabric. If your headboard is wider than the fabric you order (usually 134cm), then you’ll need to sew some panels on to each side so that it covers the full width. You’ll need to pattern match if necessary to give a professional finish. Cut around your old fabric template leaving at least 10cm at each edge to pull it into place. Step 5: To fix the fabric to the front of the headboard, starting at the bottom of the headboard, using your straight edge (which is the same width as your mattress and sits just behind it), staple along using temporary staples. These are staples at an angle that don’t sit flat on the wood. We do this so they’re easy to remove later on. Make sure to keep the fabric straight and crease-free. Step 6: Next it’s time to secure the top of the headboard. Pulling against your temporary staples, start to pull your fabric tight and over the top edge. Smooth the front of the headboard fabric with one hand, and pull with the other. Then staple into place. You might find it necessary to cut into your fabric once stretched over the frame to manipulate it into curves and corners of your design. Step 7: Then it’s back to working on the bottom of the headboard. When the top is completed and you’re happy the pattern is straight, return to the bottom edge and fix this in place using permanent ‘flat’ staples. Then smooth down the sides of the headboard and also staple in place. TIP: The sides won’t need to be pulled much, just enough to take the edge off the foam. Step 8: Now it’s time to cut away as much excess fabric as possible at your corners and staple them closed. You can then use your original fabric template to cover all of the staples at the back of the headboard, which finishes off the piece nicely. Please note, the instructions here are simplified. If readers wish to pursue the project further, Micaela’s Create Academy course provides an in-depth visual online guide to learning upholstery at home. 1. Measure twice, cut once. 2. Find inspiration for headboard shapes online so that you can make one that’s not the classic rectangle. 3. Fabrics that have a lower martingale test/rub test work well on headboards because they don’t receive as much wear and tear as, say, a sofa. For example, you can use an embroidered fabric for a headboard that may not be suitable for the main sofa. 4. To get the best bang for your buck, source fabric from discounted designer outlets such as Haines Collection. It’s also more sustainable to shop for end-of-roll, almost discarded lines. 5. Get a good staple gun. The rest of the hand tools are very inexpensive so consider buying an electric staple gun. It will make your project much smoother as it’s much easier to use and can be handy for future projects. 6. When you think it’s tight, pull a little more! New upholsterers tend to leave some give in the form but you want to completely round the edges by pulling your fabric as tight as it can go. 7. Source extra-wide fabric if you don’t want to have to sew your fabric for large kingsize or superkings. 8. For thicker fabric you will need longer staples. I usually use 12mm staples rather than 8mm. 9. Don’t forget your fire retardant layer. 10. Fear not. Any mistakes can always be amended by removing the staple and re-pulling your fabric, so don’t be afraid to give it a go. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m one of the only young clock repairers left in the industry’ MORE : How to actually make money from your old clothes, from the people raking it in