Footage of the moment Dan Walker was hit by a car while riding his bike has been released. Earlier this week the Channel 5 news presenter revealed he’d been in a crash and while his face was a ‘mess’, he managed to avoid breaking any bones. Sharing a selfie of his bloodied and bruised face, he also posted photos from inside an ambulance, where he thanked the paramedics and the police officer who helped care for him. The shocking accident was caught on another car’s dash-cam, with the moment of impact now seen on screen. The 30-second clip, which was obtained by The Sun, shows a figure, said to be Dan, riding his electric bike around a roundabout in Sheffield when the car starts veering towards him when approaching an exit. Cycling to catch a train at 8.30am as he headed to work, Dan was thrown off and into the path of the car. The driver whose dashcam took the footage said that they looked in their mirror and saw Dan roll across the road after he had been hit. ‘It was quite shocking — certainly something you don’t see every day,’ they told the publication. ‘I checked the dashcam footage later and realised I had captured the moment. He’s lucky to be alive.’ They added: ‘Had the car carried on he would have been crushed beneath it.’ ‘It doesn’t bear thinking about. I’m glad he’s OK. He’s such a lovely guy,’ they said. After the accident, Dan was left unconscious for 25 minutes, and cannot remember what happened. While his watch and phone were smashed and his bike was a ‘mess’ Dan said he was grateful to ‘still be here’. In the days since the father-of-three has shared updates on how he is going, and also urged fellow cyclists to remember to wear a helmet, saying it ‘saved my life’. Dan explained that the helmet he was wearing ‘saved my life’, urging fellow cyclists to also ‘get one on your head’. Previously a presenter on BBC Breakfast from 2016 until 2022, Dan currently presents 5 News on Channel 5. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC Breakfast’s Sally Nugent and Jon Kay reach out to Dan Walker with sweet message after horror bike crash MORE : Dan Walker ‘can’t sleep’ after being struck by car in gruesome bike accident 