Graeme Souness wants football fans to learn CPR after it was revealed more than half of Brits don’t know how. The football legend – who was diagnosed with coronary heart disease in his early thirties – knows how vital CPR can be, so he has teamed up with the British Heart Foundation (BHF) on its new campaign. A new survey of 2,000 UK adults on behalf of the charity found a staggering 45% of the population wouldn’t be able to spot the signs of cardiac arrest. Graeme, a long-standing ambassador for the charity, said ‘CPR is a game changer and could be the most important lesson you ever learn’. ‘With RevivR, in just 15 minutes – the length of half time – you will have the skills to save a life,’ he added. ‘Every fan in every football club across the country can make a difference so please join the BHF today and let’s unite to create a new team of lifesavers.’ There are more than 30,000 out-of-hospital cardiac arrests in the UK each year, but less than one in 10 people survive. Early CPR and defibrillation can more than double the chances of surviving a cardiac arrest. Metro.co.uk exclusively told the story of Nicky Lack last week, who saved the life of her husband after he had encouraged her to train as a first aider. Following footballer Christian Eriksen’s cardiac arrest on the pitch in Euro 2020, the research also found nearly a third (32%) of football fans have looked up how to correctly perform CPR should the situation arise. Former Liverpool FC captain and pundit Graeme Souness, 69, recently surprised Tooting and Mitcham United FC to put players through their paces with a pitch-side CPR training session using the BHF’s free online tool RevivR. Shin pads that included simple CPR instructions were also handed out to the players, as a reminder while under pressure. Dr Charmaine Griffiths, chief executive at British Heart Foundation, said: ‘As a nation of football lovers, we’re thrilled that legend of the game Graeme Souness is urging fans to learn lifesaving CPR. ‘A cardiac arrest can happen to anyone, anywhere, at any age. If every fan in the country took the 15 minutes it takes to learn CPR with RevivR, it could mean the difference between life and death.’ RevivR means anyone can learn CPR – and all that is needed is a mobile phone and a cushion. It teaches how to recognise a cardiac arrest, gives feedback on chest compressions and outlines the correct steps of using a defibrillator, giving anyone the confidence to help in the ultimate medical emergency. As part of its Heart Month campaign this February, the BHF is now urging all football fans to grab a phone, cushion and 15 minutes to learn CPR in just the length of half time. Find out more on the charity’s website. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.