President Joe Biden said the unidentified flying objects shot down in US airspace were most likely not connected to China’s spy balloon program. Speaking at a White House press conference, Biden provided an update on the mysterious set of objects detected above Alaska, Canada, and Lake Huron. ‘Last week in the immediate aftermath of the incursion of China’s high altitude balloon, our military closely scrutinized our airspace and enhanced our radar to pick up more slow-moving objects,’ the president said. The increased scrutiny meant that more objects than usual were detected over the weekend. ‘I want to be clear – we don’t have any evidence that there has been a sudden increase in the amount of objects in the sky,’ Biden said. Biden said US and Canadian militaries were currently working to recover debris from the objects, but there is currently no evidence they are linked to the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down off the coast of South Carolina. ‘The three objects are most likely balloons tied to private companies, recreation, or research institutions, studying weather or conducting other scientific research,’ Biden said. However, the president did say he would direct his staff and National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan to develop ‘sharper rules’ on how to deal with objects like this in the future. These rules will be shared with Congress, but will not be released to the public. The president also addressed rising tensions with China over the spy balloon incident. ‘We seek competition, not conflict with China. We’re not looking for a new Cold War.’ However, he also said ‘I make no apologies for taking down that balloon,’ which the military thinks was trying to spy on Hawaii and Guam before being blown off-course. He also promised to shoot down any other balloons sent into American airspace. ‘Make no mistake, if any object presents a threat to the safety and security of the American people, I will take it down’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.