Stacey Solomon has revealed that her baby daughter is yet to make her grand arrival, confirming that she’s still pregnant after fans questioned if she’d given birth. Any day now, the Loose Women star will be giving birth, having announced in late December that she and husband Joe Swash were expecting their third baby, after previously welcoming their son Rex, three and daughter Rose, one. Stacey, 33, has two older sons, Leighton and Zachary, from past relationships, while Joe, 41, also has a son called Harry, who he shares with a former partner. In a new post on her Instagram Story, the TV presenter shut down any speculation that she might have given birth, explaining that her baby girl is apparently ‘very comfy’ in her tummy. ‘Happy Saturday. Just thought I’d pop on because lots of you asking… she’s still not here. She’s very comfy I think and letting me know who’s in charge,’ she wrote in the caption. ‘So my last few days have consisted of lots of this and check ups and planning because eventually she has to make an appearance whether she wants to or not.’ Stacey held up a plastic tube, presumably so that doctors can examine her urine sample to assess her health while she waits to go into labour. When she first announced that she was pregnant again, she shared: ‘So grateful & can not believe I’m saying this… Another little pickle is on the way… A HUGE surprise, but one that we are so thankful for to the moon & back bub.’ Stacey uploaded an adorable video of herself showing Joe her positive pregnancy test, as he responded: ‘You’re joking! This is the best news bubba.’ She later confirmed that she was ‘further along’ in her pregnancy than fans might have expected. ‘We actually found out way later than you would usually, so we’re a lot further along than when you would usually tell people,’ she admitted. ‘So we are really nervous and it was a real surprise, but we’re so grateful and really excited for what’s to come.’ Stacey recently enjoyed a beautiful baby shower at her home thrown by her sister, as her kitchen was transformed into a floral wonderland. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon lands massive TV show with major Hollywood star’s production company MORE : Stacey Solomon confirms she’s still ‘full bump’ as she awaits birth of fifth child 