‘Fancy a jar of lemon curd? I made far too much last week,’ I messaged. ‘I’m not a massive fan, but Sam* says yes please! I’ll pop round for it later,’ Katy* replied. Reading that, you’d be forgiven for thinking it’s a casual exchange between two neighbours. Not close friends, maybe, but ones who’d occasionally have a cup of coffee together or pass a pint of milk over the fence if the other one was short. But actually, it’s a text conversation between my ex and I. We also happen to be neighbours. I know a lot of people get along with their exes, and are even the best of friends. Yet, in our situation, I never imagined I’d still be talking to Katy, let alone getting along together and offering and accepting preserves. Not after I had an affair. With our neighbour, Michael. Who I now live with. It sounds like something from The Jeremy Kyle Show, but I live across the road from my ex. I see her house – once our house – whenever I look out my front window. In fact, one of my cats always comes over when he hears me in the front garden, eager for a fuss and belly rubs. And my dog barks with excitement whenever he sees me walk past her living room window. Even as I type this, I can’t decide if it sounds idyllic or weird, especially given the context of mine and Katy’s breakup. When I started dating Katy in 2011, she was everything I’d been looking for. We met online. I’d only recently come out as queer, so LGBTQ+ bars still felt overwhelming to me. We hit it off right away. I know that’s how all these stories go, but it’s the truth. We’d talk for hours over text, eagerly arranging when we’d next meet. After only a couple of months, we made our relationship official, and the rest, as they say, is history. I wish I could tell you our relationship was never rocky, but that would be a lie. Right from the beginning we butted heads a lot, though, I’ll admit, it was mainly because of me. My mental health wasn’t in check at all, with my behaviour borderline neurotic a lot of the time. I later found out (many, many years later) that I have BPD (Borderline Personality Disorder), but before that clarity came, a lot of hurt happened in between. Even when we moved into the house Katy now lives in with new partner Sam, we both knew we were on borrowed time. Oh, we’d never admit it out loud, but the arguments came thick and fast. That paints such a dark, colourless picture, but there were many moments of pure joy as well – we’d laugh for hours at re-runs of our favourite shows, go out for breakfast on our days off, and generally enjoyed each other’s company. When we worked, it was incredible. Unfortunately, the times we worked were becoming increasingly sporadic. Katy and I both met Michael at the same time. He was our neighbour. What started out as the odd hello soon turned into 20 minute conversations on our doorstep. Before long, I was offering him a brew while we chatted about everything and anything, all three of us enjoying each others’ company. Michael almost became part of the family – we even bubbled with him during lockdown. We’d have curry nights together, all three of us watching a film and having a good catch up, which is why I grew so close to Michael. I had plenty of opportunities to get to know him, and while Katy got along with him, I naturally connected with him on a deeper level. He understands me, far more than anyone else I’ve ever met. As loath as I am to perpetuate a cliché, we started out as friends but soon became more. Katy and I lived together in that house for four years, Michael and I grew closer over three of those years. Towards the end, I think Katy suspected something was amiss, but she never had any proof. And I, being a coward, never left any for her to find. It’s not my proudest moment, not by a long shot, but I was selfish and didn’t want to choose. But life really does find a way of correcting itself. Katy eventually found a text on my laptop that I’d sent to a friend that mentioned my relationship with Michael. She wasn’t snooping, I’d freely given her access to my laptop in case she wanted to work in a different room of the house. I remember walking home and my mum frantically trying to get in touch with me, saying how Katy had found a message about Michael and I. As the panic set in, I tried to call Katy. She quickly answered, her voice cold as she explained how she’d spoken to Michael and he’d admitted everything. I had no defence. After she put the phone down on me, I called Michael. He’d tried to avoid giving Katy a firm answer, not wanting to get me into trouble, but he’d revealed enough. I lingered before going home, knowing all too well that my stuff would be waiting for me, that I’d have to travel back to my parents’ house with my tail between my legs. There was no argument between Katy and I when I collected my stuff. She stayed out of my way, neither of us uttering a word. Ladened with several bags, I made my way back to Derbyshire, certain that Katy and I would never say a kind word to one another again. And it was all because of me. My old bedroom back at my family home was where I stayed for several months, though Michael came to visit often. We both wanted to be together, and had always known that it would happen one day, we just hadn’t envisioned it being like this. Given the circumstances, and the fact Michael lived across the road from Katy, I never thought I’d be able to move in with him without any repercussions. So we discussed moving somewhere else, but he’d lived in his house for 40+ years. His children had grown up there; an enormous chunk of his life was ingrained in the very brickwork of that house. I had visions of Katy and I shouting at one another in the street, avoiding eye contact when we bumped into each other in the local shop – forced to see each other day in, day out, me knowing I hurt her, and her seeing me with the man who helped end our relationship. But when she learnt of my new address, she barely batted an eyelid. Perhaps she suspected that was how it would always end, or maybe she had no more fight left in her to wage a war against me. Whatever her reasons, I was relieved that we’d be able to be civil. It would be awkward as hell, but at least we could get along if the occasion called for it. That was almost two years ago. I’ve never formally been introduced to Katy’s new girlfriend Sam, though I guess there’s no need – she knows who I am and I her. How could we not? The first time I ‘met’ Sam wasn’t face-to-face, but I noticed a car at Katy’s house that I didn’t recognise. A car that kept coming back every weekend. I know I have no right to say this, but I was quite upset about it at first. Not because I didn’t want Katy to find someone else, but because I wasn’t able to make her happy. Even before Michael, I was never meant to be with her long-term. Then there was the pain of seeing another woman in my old house, cuddling my pets. I knew I’d done this to myself, but it still hurt. Guilty people aren’t just sad because they got caught, they’re also sad for what they’ve lost by their own actions. I suppose that’s why the first few interactions with Katy felt so awkward after I moved in with Michael. We’d smile at each other, though I could sense neither of us quite knew how to behave in this situation. But eventually, the smiles became less forced. They became sincere. With each interaction, it became almost comfortable to just be in each other’s company – we could talk for ages, forgetting the time as we caught up. If you looked in from the outside, and didn’t know any better, we looked like friends reconnecting after years apart. It amazes me that I can text my ex a Star Wars meme and she’ll reply with one of her own, or sometimes with a cute picture of her and Sam’s pet rats. We wish each other a happy birthday and a merry Christmas, not out of politeness but because we want to. Katy even talks with Michael, an interaction I never thought would happen. If he answers the door, or is out the front fixing one of his cars, she’ll stop to talk to him. The fact that they speak at all still amazes me, especially as there’s no animosity from her. My ex has every right to blank us. Michael and I had prepared for that future, but it never came. I’m sure our other neighbours find it most odd, understandably so. But they’ve never said anything, at least not to our faces. I can’t speak for Katy on this, but I believe we can see each other’s happiness, helping us both realise that as much as we once loved each other, we are better apart. Unfortunately, as much as you can love someone, it won’t always work out, no matter what you do. And after all the pain that built up between our moments of happiness – from raging arguments that almost emotionally burnt us down – we couldn’t ever be repaired. We tried, but it was a losing battle. One we can now accept because of where we both are in our lives. I won’t pretend there isn’t still hurt between us – I know all too well what I did, as does Katy. That kind of history can’t be erased, nor should it be. However, we’re now on the other side of it, a side that’s given us both new leases of life. I enjoy seeing my ex so happy. She’s thriving with Sam; they work together, far more than Katy and I ever did. And you know what, I don’t feel upset when I write this, I feel joy because, despite my actions, all I’ve ever wanted for Katy is to be happy. I don’t regret meeting Michael, but I do regret the suffering I inflicted on Katy because I was too indecisive. Too greedy. In being with the man I love, I hurt the woman I loved. I can’t say if we’ll ever be friends; as much as I’d love to, I don’t think we can repair the bridges I burnt. Still, whatever we are right now, I’ll gladly take it. *Names have been changed Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : ‘Jealous’ pensioner caught keying neighbour’s £60,000 Lexus MORE : Don’t know your neighbours? Now is the perfect time to introduce yourself MORE : I found out that my dad has a secret family