Ray Liotta has been honoured with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame following his death aged 67. The Goodfellas actor was remembered as an ‘actor of rare calibre’ at the ceremony, which took place in Los Angeles on Friday. Liotta, who appeared in Something Wild and Hannibal among many other films, died in his sleep on May 26 last year while in the Dominican Republic. The actor excelled in both comedy and drama during his career, with more than 60 feature films under his belt; his final project, Cocaine Bear, was released in cinemas on the day his star was unveiled. Fans and family braved rain to attend Friday’s ceremony, which saw Liotta’s family attend, including his fiance Jacy Nittolo. The actor’s daughter, Karsen Liotta, accepted the star on his behalf. Remembering her father, she told audiences ‘if you have a Ray in your life, you’re lucky.’ ‘I’m so touched to be accepting this honour on behalf of my dad,’ she said. ‘I couldn’t be more proud of him. He was a one-of-a-kind actor, and the best friend, brother and father anyone could ask for. I lucked out with you. ‘If you have a Ray in your life, you’re lucky. Thank you for your work, and the imprint you left on me and all of those who love you.’ She added that ‘everyone deserves a Ray in their life. Karsen also read out a letter from Oscar-winning director Martin Scorsese, which praised her father as ‘one of the greats.’ ‘On Goodfellas we were working improvisationally, most of the time in the core group that consisted of people I’ve known and worked with for years, and Ray jumped right in,’ the letter read. ‘He never missed a beat. He fit in perfectly and he was able to roll with the punches, figuratively and literally. ‘I always expected to work with Ray again, at least once more. Now we’re honouring his memory. ‘He was truly one of the greats – if anyone is deserving of a new star on the Walk of Fame, it’s Ray.’ Liotta famously played Henry Hill in Goodfellas, alongside Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci, which remains the role he is best-known for. The actor also starred as Shoeless Joe Jackson in Field of Dreams and as Ray Sinclair in Something Wild, for which he received a Golden Globe nomination. He was also the voice of Tommy Vercetti in 2002 video game Grand Theft Auto: Vice City. More recently, Liotta played two characters in the Sopranos prequel film, The Many Saints of Newark, where he plays original Sopranos character Christopher Moltisanti’s grandfather, ‘Hollywood Dick’ Moltisanti, as well as Sal Moltisanti, ‘Hollywood Dick’s’ incarcerated brother. One of his last on-screen appearances came in quirky comedy Cocaine Bear, directed by Elizabeth Banks, which was released in theatres the day of the Walk of Fame ceremony. Both Banks and actor Taron Egerton spoke at the ceremony, with the British star admitting he had been ‘scared’ of Liotta when they first met. Hailing his ‘compelling screen presence,’ he said: ‘The other thing that made him so extraordinary to watch was his unparalleled capacity for vulnerability.’ ‘When I watch those scenes (in Black Bird), I know they are the best acting of my career. That’s because of Ray.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cocaine Bear writer remembers Ray Liotta’s ‘contagious’ energy on set before his death: ‘Those memories keep flooding back’ MORE : Ray Liotta to be honoured with posthumous star on Hollywood Walk of Fame months after his death 