Thiago Silva’s wife has again courted controversy by liking a tweet which described Graham Potter as a ‘deadbeat coach’ and encouraged Chelsea to look for a new manager. The west London club have won just two of their last 14 matches in all competitions and were beaten 1-0 at home to bottom-of-the-table Southampton on Saturday. Many Chelsea fans had been supportive of Potter and the massive upheaval he has had to deal with, with the club having spent over £500million since the new owners took over – including eight new additions in January. But the defeat to Southampton seemed to prompt a mood shift, with a loud chorus of boos greeting the full-time whistle after Saturday’s game. Potter is still believed to retain the support of Chelsea’s hierarchy, but there are growing murmurs that the players are starting to question whether the former Brighton boss is the right man to lead them. That appears to be reflected in the social media activities of Thiago Silva’s wife, Belle Silva, who liked a tweet in the aftermath of the Southampton loss which slammed Potter and encouraged the club to find a new manager – even if it was the Brazilian defender himself who took charge! The message, from a Chelsea, was directed to Belle and read: ‘Can you ask [Thiago] Silva to coach our club himself because we have a deadbeat, tactic-less coach who doesn’t know what he is doing. ‘He doesn’t even understand this is Chelsea football club. He thinks he is still at Brighton.’ It is not the first time Belle has critiqued Chelsea this season and she previously aimed a dig at the centre-back’s team-mates after they lost to Fulham last month. Following a 2-1 defeat at Craven Cottage, she wrote: ‘If [only] there was a Thiago Silva in attack and one in midfield, with what we already have in defence…’ Potter, meanwhile, still believes he is the right man for the job, saying after the loss to Southampton: ‘I think we’ve had a tough period and I think we’ve had lots of challenges in terms of integrating young players into the Premier League. While results don’t go your way it can be tough, that is how it is. ‘I’m sure there will be people out there that think I’m the problem, absolutely. I don’t think they’re right but I’m not arrogant enough to say their opinion isn’t worth articulating. ‘My job is to help the team, keep working through a team period, we’ve had to make some changes today and the truth is we took a step back in our performance in the first half. The response in the second half was good, but it wasn’t good enough.’ MORE : Chelsea squad not convinced Graham Potter is the right man for the club MORE : ‘That isn’t right’ – Gary Neville highlights glaring issue at Chelsea as pressure mounts on Graham Potter For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 