A toddler who was trapped down a well in Thailand has been freed after an 18-hour rescue operation. A picture from inside the extremely narrow well shows the 19-month-old girl, named Tasa Mo-ei, with her arms wrapped tightly around herself. The Bangkok Post reported she was around 50ft down the well that was just one foot wide. Tasa had wandered away on her own while her parents worked at a cassava plantation in the Phop Phra district of Tak province, on the western border with Myanmar. Her parents, migrant workers from Myanmar, identified only as Mr Necho and Ms Atae, became distressed when they couldn’t find her, and were found sitting beside the hole. When rescue workers called into the dark hole, they could hear the faint sounds of a child crying back, and the situation was confirmed after they lowered a camera down. Due to the tightness of the well, they decided to dig into the soil around it rather than try to lift Tasa out. The team sent an oxygen pipe down for her, and also lowered in a PVC pipe to stop the sides collapsing as they made a large pit around it. A Facebook update from Fire & Rescue Thailand more than seven hours into the operation said: ‘At this time, there is a sound of a child crying for a period of time. It is a good sign.’ It added: ‘You will survive. Everyone is waiting for you.’ An hour and a half later, the rescuers drilled into the wall of the well to find they had misjudged the depth, and the girl was around eight feet further down. It was almost three hours later before rescuers confirmed she had finally been freed. According to local media, Tasa was ‘shocked and upset but otherwise safe’, and was immediately taken to Phop Phra hospital. Last June, an 11-year-old boy named Rahul Sahu was rescued alive from an 80ft well in Chhattisgarh, India, after four days trapped. Rahul, who reportedly had speech difficulties and was hard of hearing, was said to have made friends with a snake and a frog during his 104 hours underground. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.