When Coronation Street boss Iain MacLeod talked to us back in December about what was in store for some of the show’s main characters, one thing he hinted at was a new romance between two of Summer’s ‘three dads,’ Todd (Gareth Pierce), Paul (Peter Ash) and Billy (Daniel Brocklebank). ‘Romance is in the air for two of them, I’ll leave you to guess which pair it might be,’ he teased. Well, it looks like the guessing will be over soon when Billy kisses old flame Paul. It seems love might be in the air for the two – but before that can happen Paul has an accident. He’s been offered a ride on Peter (Chris Gascoyne)’s new motorbike and has just settled himself on the machine when the Underworld van comes hurtling towards him. At the wheel is Carla (Alison King), who’s suffering the effects of LSD that Stephen (Todd Boyce) has been putting in her drinks as part of his revenge plan against her. In a flustered state because she has remembered a meeting that Stephen previously removed from her diary, Carla heads off to try to make the meeting. She calls at the garage to collect her car, but Abi (Sally Carman) sees that she’s not right and refuses to let her have the keys. So Carla jumps into the Underworld van, starts the engine and heads off – colliding with Paul, who winces in pain after the impact. Paul tries to cover up that he’s been hurt, and later reveals to Dee-Dee (Channique Sterling-Brown) that Billy kissed him but he’s reluctant to get into a relationship with him again because his life is complicated enough. But he soon has a change of heart and he and Billy break the news to Todd that they’re giving their relationship another go. There are some worrying signs that all isn’t well with Paul, though. In the pub he struggles to pick up his darts, though nobody notices that this is happening. Later he can’t manage to grip a glass with his right hand, but again hides this from Billy along with the fact that he’s now getting very concerned. Was he hurt more badly than he realised in the accident? Is this the start of the ‘huge story’ that Iain MacLeod said was going to ‘crash onto one of them that causes former enemies to become best friends in secret’? It looks like there are some interesting – and worrying – times ahead for Paul, Billy and Todd. MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: Sean Tully walks in as killer Stephen Reid spikes Carla Connor with LSD in new video clip MORE : Coronation Street star Robert Shaw Cameron reveals extensive soap history