Police have launched a new appeal for the missing daughter of an aristocrat and her baby. Constance Marten, 35,  and her partner Mark Gordon, 48, have been ‘off grid’ since their car broke down on the M61 on January 5. They are reportedly sleeping rough after buying camping equipment from an Argos in London. Gordon was deported after serving a sentence for raping and beating a woman in her 20s in Florida when he was 14. A £10,000 reward is currently in place for information that might help find the missing pair and their new-born baby. Her mother, Virginie de Selliers pledged to stand by Constance and her grandchild earlier this month, telling her: ‘You are not alone in this situation. We will support you in whatever way we can.’ While her father has urged police to investigate a Nigerian cult that he says ‘brainwashed’ her. Napier Marten, 63, believes looking into the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN), in Lagos, may provide answers about where his daughter is. Constance spent six months at the ‘cult’ in 2006 and 2007 and was reportedly traumatised throughout her time there. Police have said they have spent more than 630 hours scouring CCTV footage for the family, and are now issuing a fresh appeal for information. Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford of the Met’s East Area Command said: ‘My officers and I remain absolutely committed to finding Constance, Mark and their newborn baby. ‘We’ve been working around the clock behind the scenes and we’ve viewed more than 630 hours of CCTV as part of our efforts to find them. ‘Information from the public has been vital to our investigation and we have received more than 350 calls to our dedicated incident room – thank you to everyone who has made contact with us so far, we are so grateful to you. ‘While sadly these calls have not yet led to the couple and their baby being found, it could take just that one call into us with the right information, at the right time, to help us find the family and make sure they are okay. ‘We are continuing to offer a reward of up to £10,000 for any information that leads to the family being found. ‘So please, if you have information and have not yet come forward or if you think you have seen them, please contact the incident room without delay. ‘Please only call 999 if you are with them or can see them at the time, otherwise call the incident room number. ‘They could be absolutely anywhere in the UK, so we need everyone to remain vigilant. ‘When they were last sighted on 8 January they were in the possession of a blue two-man tent, so please keep your eyes peeled, especially while you are out and about in waste ground or beauty spots, or while you’re walking the dog. ‘Please be mindful that they might not always be out and about together. It could be that you just see Constance or Mark out by themselves getting supplies while the other is wherever they are staying with the baby. ‘I would like to stress that we are not doing this and putting so many resources and efforts into finding the family just to be awkward or to interfere. ‘We have a genuine concern for the health and wellbeing of the baby, and Constance and Mark, and it our duty to ensure that they are okay.’ Anyone who has information on the family’s whereabouts should call the incident room on 020 7175 0785. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.