Stacey Solomon has expanded her brood and given birth to a baby daughter with her husband Joe Swash. The bundle of joy will have plenty of brothers and sisters to play with at Pickle Cottage, with the 33-year-old now being a mother of five. Posting on her Instagram Story, Stacey reshared a photo she recently took of her baby bump from February 7, writing: ‘To my little family on here… I didn’t realise I wasn’t quite prepared for the crazy quick whirlwind that occurred right after I took this picture. I’m so so so excited to share with you that…’ She then added in a post of her new baby daughter: ‘She’s Here. Our beautiful, daughter born at home with all of your brothers and sister ready to snuggle you forever and ever.’ Stacey shared several pictures of the newborn, the first of which showed the baby with her parents’ and siblings’ hands resting on her. The second photo showed the baby resting on Stacey’s chest, while in the last two images, the couple beamed as they held their youngest child, whose name they’re yet to reveal. Continuing in her caption, Stacey wrote: ‘You literally flew into our world 😂… And none of us can quite believe your thick dark head of hair that we just can’t get over. We can’t believe your here. ‘Welcome to the world beautiful girl, thank you for the last few months in my tummy, we can’t wait to love you forever and ever we are so grateful we get to be your family.’ The former X Factor contestant shares 4-year-old Zachary with ex Dean Cox, and is mum to her and Aaron Barham’s 10-year-old Leighton, and three-year-old Rex, who was her and Joe’s first child. Stacey and Joe, 40, also welcomed their one-year-old daughter Rose together in October 2021, on the Loose Women presenter’s birthday. Joe also has a 15-year-old son called Harry, who he shares with former partner Emma Sophocleous. Stacey had announced she was expecting baby number five back in December, revealing they discovered the happy news ‘further along’ in the pregnancy ‘than expected.’ The star had even joked that for a while she had believed her burgeoning bump was just down to a ‘big lunch.’ Her pregnancy announcement came just months after she and Joe tied the knot in a lavish summer ceremony at their Essex pad, named Pickle Cottage. The couple, who got engaged in December 2020, chose to walk down the aisle at the £1.2million home they bought in March 2021, before undergoing major renovations. They said their vows in a large marquee adorned with fairy lights, as Towie star James Argent did the honours of serenading the couple and their guests at the reception, where a DJ also entertained the party with classic garage songs. Their special day was initially postponed due to the pandemic and later after Stacey became pregnant with daughter Rose, as the parents wanted all their kids to be there to see them walk down the aisle. They met in 2010 when Stacey was crowned Queen of the Jungle on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here. Joe, who had won the ITV reality series in 2008, was on presenting duties alongside hosts Ant and Dec, and they’ve been inseparable since. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Grateful’ Stacey Solomon cradles baby bump while admitting she ‘woke up with a feeling’ ahead of birth MORE : Stacey Solomon is playing waiting game as she confirms baby is set to arrive any day 