Manchester United have announced that Mason Greenwood will not train or play for the club until their internal investigation has been completed. Earlier on Thursday, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) confirmed that charges of attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and one count of assault occasioning actual bodily harm have been dropped against the 21-year-old. Greenwood was arrested last January and was set to face trial in November before the charges were dropped. The England international, who has a contract with United until June 2025, has not played for his club since his arrest. A statement from United on Thursday read: ‘Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. ‘The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.’ A spokesperson for the CPS said on Thursday: ‘We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. ‘In this case a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. ‘In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case. We have explained our decision to all parties. ‘We would always encourage any potential victims to come forward and report to police and we will prosecute wherever our legal test is met.’ Chief Superintendent Michaela Kerr, Greater Manchester Police’s head of public protection, said: ‘The investigation team has remained in regular contact with the legal team, providing any updates of note, and so understand the rationale for the discontinuation of proceedings at this stage, and that this decision has not been taken lightly. ‘Despite the media and public’s interest in this case, we have decided not to comment on it in any further detail. ‘I would, however, like to use this opportunity to reiterate GMP’s commitment to investigating allegations of violence against women and girls and supporting those affected, regardless of their circumstances, throughout what can be a hard and upsetting time for them. ‘An ever increasing number of officers are receiving specialist training and the force is more consistently utilising tools, available via the criminal justice system, to keep people safe and care for victims. ‘If you feel you are or might be a victim, please don’t let this case put you off asking for help.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 