Graham Potter admits he understands why fans are angry with him after Chelsea suffered a humiliating defeat to Southampton on Saturday. While Chelsea went into the fixture amid a terrible run of form that has seen them win just two of their last 14 games, it was expected that they would beat a manager-less Southampton side languishing down at the bottom of the table. But instead the Blues lost 1-0 at Stamford Bridge courtesy of a stunning James Ward-Prowse free-kick, to leave Potter’s side 10th in the table and 10 points off the top four. At full-time, Potter was met by a loud chorus of boos from the home fans who have for some weeks, if not months, called for his sacking. And while the manager does have backing of the board, he appeared a crestfallen man in his post-match press conference. ‘After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable,’ Potter said. ‘I think we’ve had a tough period and I think we’ve had lots of challenges in terms of integrating young players into the Premier League. While results don’t go your way it can be tough, that is how it is. ‘I’m sure there will be people out there that think I’m the problem, absolutely. I don’t think they’re right but I’m not arrogant enough to say their opinion isn’t worth articulating. ‘My job is to help the team, keep working through a team period, we’ve had to make some changes today and the truth is we took a step back in our performance in the first half. ‘The response in the second half was good, but it wasn’t good enough.’ Potter also turned up late to the press conference, leading some to speculate what had been said in the Chelsea dressing room after full-time, but the 47-year-old played down that it was anything serious, adding: ‘There is no conspiracy, I can’t give you that. ‘There is a lot of media and I believe my colleague has done the media before me. I always come in and speak to you guys, understand the questions. ‘The first half is as much my responsibility as anybody’s because the performance wasn’t good. I thought the second-half performance was better and we deserved to score. ‘If we do that, the game changes around. But 1-0 isn’t good and we’re disappointed with that.’ MORE : Ian Wright calls Southampton star James Ward-Prowse ‘one of the best ever’ after shock win at Chelsea MORE : ‘Unacceptable!’ – Kyle Walker furious after Manchester City lose Premier League lead to Arsenal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 