As a new parent, I clung, white-knuckled, to mainstream ideas for things like sleep, feeding and learning, in the hopes of giving him the best start. I followed recipes, signed up for Baby Sensory, and when it came to picking a nursery, I opted for somewhere local that came recommended. I had heard of forest nurseries – where children spend their days outdoors – but considered it alongside ‘slow parenting’ and ‘no sleep sleep training’ as a somewhat…‘alternative’ parenting trend. So I was nervous about taking my 22-month-old, Bug, to spend the day at Outdoor Owls, a forest nursery in Cobham, South West London. Would he be cold? Bored? Hungry? The closest he came to the great outdoors in east London was (unsuccessfully) chasing squirrels in our local playground. Outdoor Owls is not typical of the UK forest nursery experience, either. Founded by former tech executives Helene Mark and Charlie Briscoe, it is rooted in the Scandinavian approach (Helene is originally from Denmark) where children spend 51 weeks of the year outside, only heading indoors in extreme or dangerous weather. Our visit happened to be on the coldest day of 2022. Undeterred by the snow, we followed Helene into the forest. I was instantly struck by the beauty of our surroundings. Set in a clearing and cocooned by towering, ancient trees, the nursery consisted of several ‘camps’ divided by age group, with a backing track of calming birdsong. I began to feel calmer than I had in months. This was no coincidence, says Catherine Hallissey, a chartered psychologist and former primary school teacher. ‘There is a growing body of research that highlights the physical and psychological benefits of spending time in nature,’ she says. ‘Forest schools are a way to maximise these. When children spend time outside, they tend to be more active, improving physical stamina and health along with developing fine and gross motor skills through manipulating natural materials.’ At toddler camp, the children were sitting on logs around an open fire pit. An open. Fire. Pit. A staff member explained the basics of forest nursery safety, including guidance on moving around open flames and a ‘don’t pick or lick’ rule. Despite these life-and-limb saving constraints, the children were notably calm and content, and this is a major draw for parents. ‘Our son went to Little Foxes Forest School in Bristol from age two to when he went to school,’ says Ruth Bradford, a mum and founder of the The Little Black & White Book Project. ‘We tried a “conventional” nursery and he really struggled with the dynamics, noise and environment. He doesn’t like big crowds and staff would often tell me he played by himself all day. ‘The ambience and quiet of the forest and outdoors suited him perfectly. He had space to be him.’ After listening to a story, Bug and I joined an ‘adventure walk’ up to a snow-dusted, sun-dappled meadow. Bug toddled off to play, totally uninhibited. ‘Forest nurseries and schools place considerable attention on freedom of movement, problem-solving and fostering independence, which helps to build confidence,’ explains Catherine. Outside settings are also particularly beneficial for neurodivergent learners, she says, as they can ‘move freely without the constraints of sitting down at a table’. Heading back to camp, I wiped Bug’s nose for the 7,000th time and Helene mentioned that children in outdoor nurseries are significantly less ill compared to those in indoor settings. Lunch was served: a steaming mug of vegetable stew, which Bug initially refused (it wasn’t pasta or cheese). Yet with encouragement from staff, he finished the lot. I’m happy with the key workers at Bug’s current nursery but the staff at Outdoor Owls seemed to me to be especially engaged and patient. Can a nursery’s setting really impact the quality of care it provides? ‘To want to be in the cold and the wet, you have to love and believe in what you do,’ says Ruth. ‘I think staff are really invested in the forest school way of teaching and being.’ At naptime, the children were ushered into a giant teepee where they bedded down on individual camp beds and sleeping bags (and yes, it was adorable). Bug couldn’t drop off in the new environment so after a chilly nappy change (staff kept the wipes under a hot water bottle) we explored a playground made from planks, pipes and tyres. Traditional toys are largely absent in forest nurseries; the ever-changing scenery provides enough stimulation. According to Catherine, outdoor learning ‘brings incredible benefits from a sensory perspective’, and helps to ‘foster children’s interest in the natural surroundings, building respect for the environment’. So far, so idyllic – but forest nursery is not for everyone. At £98 a day for a child aged 20 months to 2 years, Outdoor Owls’ highest fees won’t be affordable for many families. By necessity, forest nurseries and schools are in rural locations, making them inaccessible for inner-city families. Outdoor Owls runs a minibus service to and from Richmond, but a long commute from elsewhere could prove hellish with a toddler. Not all parents will be aligned with the holistic, forest nursery ethos, which prioritise connection to nature over conventional early-years activities. Yet even this can be a positive, says Ruth. ‘[My son] took great pride in what he’d learned, like fire safety and using tools – it really empowered him beyond what most people think a two-year-old is capable of.’ As I squeezed Bug onto a busy commuter train home, I knew I had been converted. From the endless space to the ever-present possibility of adventure, forest nursery is an ‘alternative’ approach I would gladly embrace. Sadly, the cost and distance means Outdoor Owls will only ever be an aspiration for us. But the following day, my confidence buoyed by Helene’s zeal for all-weather play, I waterproofed my son and took him out puddle jumping in the middle of a downpour. It wasn’t as magical as the forest, but we loved every rain-soaked second. MORE : ‘Invest in hands-free gadgets’: Mums with ‘two under two’ share their real talk advice for Rihanna MORE : ‘My baby broke the sleep consultant’: Mums share what really happens when you call in the pros