Looking for a unique travel stay? From a Hobbit House to a UFO spaceship more of us are ditching the generic bed and breakfast, for something a little more exciting. And now, you can now sleep in a real RAF helicopter – or its control tower – for just £160 a night. The accommodation at RAF Wainfleet, near Skegness in Lincolnshire, is where the real Dambusters trained, making it a great option for history buffs looking for a getaway with a difference. The Westland Lynx helicopter has a double bed, mini-fridge and a TV. But if you want a bit more room, there’s the control tower which comes with a utility room with a washing machine and tumble dryer, a claw-foot bath, shower, kitchen and dining area and 360 degrees view across the marsh and of the North Norfolk coastline. The site also has a private hot tub. The listing for the property reads: ‘Redeveloped into unique and modern holiday accommodation following its closure in 2010, the Tower has retained many of the artefacts that showcase its historical significance, whilst providing a platform for some the most magnificent views you’ll see.’ Back during the 1940s, RAF Wainfleet opened as part of the World War Two effort. It was used as a military firing range for practice and was also visited by some of NATO’s most formidable warplanes. The Dambusters were a single squadron who carried out dangerous missions, including the infamous Operation Chastise. This was the legendary attack on German dams, all carried out during the night of the 16th May 1943. It’s rare such historical spaces are open to the public to book as a hotel. The listing added: ‘The Tower sleeps up to six people, and further single-storey accommodation can also be booked on-site, sleeping up to 22 people in total – ideal for larger groups. ‘Situated in Friskney, near Skegness and a few miles from Gibraltar Point, the imposing building casts a grandly striking image as you arrive. ‘You’ll find the décor light, bright and clean-lined throughout, with plenty of cosy luxury and contemporary fixtures, all set over four spacious floors.’ To view the stay, visit the Host Unusual website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best travel ideas: From skiing for beginners to days out for the dog MORE : Wannabe a Spice Girl? Stay on the bus straight out of the Spice World movie