David Beckham whisked his youngest son Cruz Beckham away to Dublin as they celebrated his 18th birthday over a pint of home-grown Guinness. The former professional footballer appeared on social media with his offspring as they toured some of the Irish city’s famous sights, including the Guinness Storehouse. In true Irish style, the family made their way to the top of the iconic building and had their faces imprinted onto the top of foamy pints in celebration of Cruz’s coming of age. Dumping a gallery of images from the mini-break, David penned a caption explaining why they had hopped across the pond. He wrote: ‘God I’ve missed Dublin 🇮🇪. As we celebrate Cruzie #18 AGAIN can’t beat a good Irish pub and the people [sic].’ It was seemingly a boys-only trip as Victoria and Harper were nowhere to be seen in the pictures from the holiday. The images showed the father and son taking in the town as they visited packed out pubs, watched live musical performances and strolled the streets with their arms around each other. Fans chimed in in the comment section, praising their close bond and welcoming them to the Emerald Isle. One penned: ‘Welcome back, Ireland, best place in the world! But you have to go to Galway for a real party of music, craic, great food and culture [sic].’ Another noted: ‘No better place to spend your 18th 🇮🇪 [sic],’ while a fan typed: ‘You’re the best dad.’ Cruz’s birthday celebrations were kicked off on February 20 when his proud dad uploaded a tribute post to his youngest boy. He captioned the collection of memories with a sweet nod to their special bond, writing: ‘Happy 18th birthday to our baby boy. To the most amazing boy with the most amazing energy and the biggest heart x. ‘We are so proud of you and we love you so much Cruzie [sic]’. The budding singer was then captured sipping on his first legal pint alongside his older brother Romeo, 20. Mum Victoria also commemorated his milestone birthday with an Instagram upload and a caption that said: ‘Happy Birthday Cruzie!! We all love you so much and are so proud of the incredible young man you have become. You are our everything. Happy 18th superstar.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cruz Beckham gets robot tattoo for 18th birthday after celebrating with first legal beer MORE : Cruz Beckham rings in 18th birthday with girlfriend as the pair spotted leaving The Firehouse in London 