Health and social care workers, paramedics, university staff, civil servants, driving examiners and British Museum workers are all striking today. February has already seen upwards of 500,000 people across public and private sectors taking to the picket line. In the last month, nurses, doctors, ambulance drivers, rail workers, taxi drivers, civil servants, barristers and bus drivers have all taken industrial action. Around 4,000 health and social care workers in Northern Ireland represented by Unite will start their 48-hour strike today. They are taking to the picket line in a bid to receive better pay amid the cost of living crisis. Lead regional officer for Unite in health in Northern Ireland, Kevin McAdam, said: ‘Unite’s nearly 4000 health members in Northern Ireland have returned a 87% rejection of the imposition of a below inflation pay award to health workers in the region. ‘In the absence of action to address our members’ pay claim, we have been left with no alternative but to notify employers of strike action.’ Unite ambulance staff will strike in Northern Ireland. Ambulance staff includes paramedics, call handlers and support workers. Under trade union law, emergency cover will still be provided and staff can leave the picket lines to attend. More than 70,000 members of the University and College Union, who work at 150 universities across the UK, are also walking out today to demand better working conditions. Staff at the Department for Work and Pensions are striking across Universal Credit centres. The Public and Commercial Services Union (PCS), which represents many government workers, says the action is a ‘response to the lack of movement from the Government on their demands on pay, pensions and job security’. Job security and redundancy terms are two of the biggest reasons for the strike, with the union pointing to Government plans to close more than 40 DWP offices. Workers in Liverpool – at Toxteth Jobcentre, Liverpool Duke Street Jobcentre, Liverpool City Jobcentre and Liverpool Innovation Park Jobcentre – are walking out. Stockport Contact Centre and Bolton Benefit Centre staff will do so too. DVLA members working in the output services Group at Ty Felin and Morriston, in Swansea, are taking part in today’s strikes. It is part of national industrial action by the PCS union over pay, pensions, jobs and redundancy terms. Staff at the British museum will be on the picket line for a fourth day. Public access to the tourist attraction will be disrupted as more than 100 security and visitor services workers down tools. The strike is happening during half-term when many families may be heading to the museum. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.