The official emblem for the King’s coronation has been revealed, with a design conjured up by one of Apple’s top creative minds. Sir Jony Ive is credited with designing Apple’s iPhone, and his creative collective, LoveFrom, have now produced the official insignia to celebrate Charles’s reign. The emblem features a stylised image of St Edward’s Crown, which will be used to crown the monarch, created from the rose of England, thistle of Scotland, daffodil of Wales and the shamrock of Northern Ireland, in the red, white and blue of the Union flag. The design is said to reflect the new King’s ‘love of the planet, nature, and his deep concern for the natural world’. Sir Jony said: ‘It is such an honour to be able to contribute to this remarkable national occasion, and our team is so very proud of this work. ‘The emblem speaks to the happy optimism of spring and celebrates the beginning of this new Carolean era for the United Kingdom. ‘The gentle modesty of these natural forms combine to define an emblem that acknowledges both the joyful and profound importance of this occasion.’ The coronation emblem will feature throughout a special bank holiday weekend which will begin when Charles is crowned monarch on Saturday May 6 at Westminster Abbey. The following day, thousands of spectators – awarded tickets in a national ballot – will watch a star-studded Windsor Castle concert as the celebrations continue. The UK-wide holiday falls on Monday, May 8, two days after Charles’ coronation at Westminster Abbey. Buckingham Palace has said Monday will be billed ‘The Big Help Out’ – and people will be encouraged to volunteer for good causes and help out in their local communities. The emblem will also be seen at other national events, street parties and community gatherings marking the historic event throughout the country, and will be used on all official merchandise commemorating the coronation. Sir Jony has supported projects involving Charles in the past, having designed the layout of the charter document for the royal’s Terra Carta or Earth Charter project launched in 2021. The project was an ambitious Magna Carta-style charter designed to encourage the private sector to safeguard the planet by adopting sustainability and invest 10 billion dollars (£8 billion) into ‘natural capital’. The two men also joined forces in 2021 to encourage students to create high-impact, low-cost solutions to help the world transition to a sustainable future under a project from the Terra Carta Design Lab initiative. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.