LGBTQ+ broadcasters are coming together to honour Brianna Ghey. Seven broadcasters will hold a one-minute silence in memory of the transgender teenager, who was murdered last weekend. Gaydio, Hits Radio Pride, Pride Radio, Gorgeous Radio, Glitterbeam Radio, Trans Radio UK, and Juice 1038 will commemorate the 16-year-old, from Cheshire, at 11am on Friday (February 17). Before the silence, all the stations will simultaneously run a radio segment about the issue of discrimination and violence in the trans community, by trans broadcaster and Hits Radio DJ Stephanie Hirst. This is the first time that all the broadcasters have joined together for a broadcast. Gaydio’s network content manager Kriss Herbert-Noble, who is coordinating the segment, expressed the importance of the act. ‘We felt it important to work across the LGBTQ+ radio sector, showing that as a community we stand together against hate. ‘Trans people face daily challenges, and our role is to stand up and highlight these stories and voices. ‘This event in particular has reverberated across the community and it’s right we take a stand and remember the life of a bright, young trans person.’ Ghey, from Birchwood in Warrington, was found with fatal stab wounds on a path in Culcheth Linear Park in the town shortly after 3pm on Saturday. Vigils have been held outside the Department for Education and across the UK and Ireland by people holding trans pride flags and placards. A boy and girl, both 15, who cannot be named for legal reasons, were charged with murder on Wednesday. The pair were remanded at Liverpool Crown Court on Thursday into youth detention accommodation ahead of a plea and trial preparation hearing on May 2. Following her death, friends of Ghey’s have spoken out, sharing that she was heavily bullied for years because she was trans. Just days before she died, she posted a TikTok video revealing she had been excluded from school, it has been claimed. One friend told The Sun that those aware of the bullying refused to intervene. MORE : Brianna Ghey was killed – but some are taking more issue with her gender than how she died MORE : CBBC’S Saturday Mash-Up Live! presenter Joe Tasker comes out as gay and reveals long-term partner 