Tottenham have decided they will not sell Harry Kane to a Premier League rival this summer as he enters the final year of his contract. The England captain has been heavily linked with a move to Manchester United this year, while he came close to a switch to Manchester City in 2021 and has been linked with Chelsea in the past. However, The Times reports that Spurs have made their choice and he will not be moving to an English club in the next transfer window. That does not mean he will be staying put, necessarily, with Bayern Munich thought to be extremely interest in the prolific striker, while Real Madrid has also been touted as a possible destination. Kane will turn 30 in July and only have one year left on his contract, but Spurs would still want a hefty sum for their talisman from any European giant. Whether he makes a move or not this summer seems likely to come down to if he values winning trophies over his quest to become the Premier League’s all-time record goal-scorer. The 29-year-old took his tally to 200 Premier League goals in Sunday’s win over Manchester City and is getting ever closer to Alan Shearer’s record of 260. These have all come with Spurs, but while he has put Golden Boots in his trophy cabinet, he has not won any league or cup silverware with Tottenham. A switch to the likes of Bayern Munich or Real Madrid would be very appealing in terms of picking up some trophies, and getting a chance to experience another league while in his prime, but it would spoil his chances of hunting down Shearer’s record. Kane has made no secret of his desire to be Premier League record scorer, saying: ‘It’s always there in the back of my mind but I just take it game by game, season by season. ‘It’s definitely there to be broken and I’m feeling good and feeling fit so we’ll see what happens.’ MORE : Daniel Levy should ‘cash in’ on Tottenham record-breaker Harry Kane, says Ramon Vega MORE : Pep Guardiola bemoans long trip to London after Man City lose to Tottenham For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.