Ben Ofoedu has been spotted rendezvousing with OnlyFans’ Elle Brooke in an Essex pub after his split with Vanessa Feltz. The Phats & Small singer, 50, and the TalkTV presenter, 61, ended their 16-year relationship earlier this year. This came after Ben admitted to sleeping with an older woman three times back in 2015, along with several other incidents, which became apparent to his ex-fiancée Vanessa on Christmas Day 2022. The singer has now been spotted hanging out with Elle, who is known for appearing on OnlyFans, a content subscription service largely used for adult content. The blonde was pictured smiling up at Ben, who in a separate photo towered over her as he leaned in to kiss her cheek, presumably to greet her on his arrival at the Brentwood boozer on Sunday night. Elle kept it casual in a black jumper, jeans, and relaxed boots, but lifted her look with a golden necklace and some earrings. Ben wore skinny black jeans, trainers and a bomber jacket with a pattern on the front. This comes after Vanessa revealed she was ‘battered and bruised’ by the breakup on her 61st birthday. The This Morning presenter wrote in her column for The Express: ‘What a difference 12 months makes. I started a new all-singing, all-dancing job at TalkTV after 33 years at the Beeb, embarked on Instagram and now have 330k followers, became a grandma for the fourth time when Cecily Violet was born and five weeks ago became unexpectedly single. ‘I was born and bred to be married. I grew up listening to Fiddler On The Roof with “Matchmaker, Matchmaker” on a loop, so it’s something of an adjustment. ‘But I’m marching on, best foot forward in the time-honoured position, my heart a bit battered and bruised but grateful to be alive and curious about who and what the future will bring.’ Vanessa previously admitted to being ‘humiliated’ by the ordeal, which she said split her heart ‘into a million pieces’ and the media personality even turned to This Morning viewers for advice. Ben cheated on Vanessa in Ibiza when he was there for a gig, and has since claimed he was partly led to infidelity through his insecurity about being engaged since 2006 without ever tying the knot. Speaking about the incident in 2015, he said: ‘I met her on the gig scene. She was the same age as Vanessa, possibly older. She took a shine to me, said lots of nice things.’ ‘Over a short period of time we had sex three times. It was purely sexual, there were no feelings involved. It felt like a chore. I just fell back into it with her to keep her sweet and everything under wraps.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Newly-single Vanessa Feltz feels ‘battered and bruised’ on 61st birthday as ex Ben Ofoedu shares cryptic post MORE : Vanessa Feltz appears to take savage swipe at ex-fiancé Ben Ofoedu with blink and you’ll miss it photo 