Tommy Fury beat Jake Paul by split decision in their highly anticipated fight in Saudi Arabia on Sunday evening. Two judges scored the fight 76-73 in favour of Fury, while one had it 75-74 in Paul’s favour. Fury broke down in tears after his victory and said in his post-fight interview: ‘Tears of joy, honestly. ‘For the past two and a half years this has consumed my life but tonight I secured my own legacy. ‘I dedicate this to my new baby Bambi at home and my missus, I miss you baby, I love you. ‘Jake Paul’s a true warrior, he’s better than I thought he was.’ Speaking after the first defeat of his professional career, YouTuber-turned-boxer Paul said: ‘All respect to Tommy, he won. Don’t judge me by my wins, judge me by my losses. ‘I don’t know if I agree with the judges – I got a 10-8 round twice. ‘But I’ve already won in life. I’ve made it further than I ever thought I would, and beyond. This is definitely a humbling experience.’ Paul, who also has a rematch clause in his contract with Fury, made it clear that he is keen for a second fight. The event held in Saudi’s capital Riyadh had several star names in attendance including Tyson Fury, the half-brother of Tommy Fury, Mike Tyson, Deontay Wilder and former Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo. After three close rounds, Logan Paul, the older brother of Jake Paul, angered the Fury entourage with his interview during the break which was broadcast around the arena and to the television viewers. After giving his his verdict on the fight so far, Logan Paul then said: ‘Tommy Fury if you can hear me, you a bitch bro, you’re gassing out, the whole Fury a family of bitches.’ Paul then had a point deducted in the fifth round for a punch to the back of Fury’s head. It was then Fury’s turn to have a point deducted in the sixth as he was punished by the referee for constant holding. Fury suffered damage to his left eye in the penultimate round following a clash of heads with Paul. In the final round, Paul scored the only knockdown of the fight with Fury complaining to the referee that he slipped. The fight in Saudi Arabia is a lucrative one for both, with Paul expected to make $8.6 million (£7.2m) in overall prize money, while Fury is set to take home approximately $4.5m (£3.7m). For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 