Fruit and vegetable producers warn shortages could last longer than expected and continue for up to three months. Major UK supermarkets are putting limits on sales of tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers and salad – among other products – to combat the issues. The Lea Valley Growers Association said several producers were delaying planting crops due to soaring energy costs. ‘The majority of tomatoes, peppers and aubergines are not going to be around in big volumes until May, so it’s going to be longer than a few weeks,’ secretary Lee Stiles told the BBC. ‘Some Lea Valley pack houses have closed for a few days due to lack of deliveries, and others are losing workers as they could only offer three hours work a day instead of full shifts over the last few weeks.’ The Lea Valley Growers Association includes around 80 members from across Greater London, Hertfordshire and Essex. Its growers provide around three quarters of cucumbers and peppers in the UK. Bad weather in Spain and Africa was blamed for the shortages, but the Association said growers delaying planting crops has made the situation worse. ‘It’s too late for UK growers to step in and try and make up some of the shortfall,’ Mr Stiles added. ‘If we planted tomatoes, peppers and aubergines in December, we would be picking now. ‘And if we planted cucumbers in the first week of January like we normally do, we’d be picking on Valentine’s Day as usual.’ Although the government said yesterday the supply issues should be resolved within one month, Mr Stiles thinks it will take longer than this. He warned growers abroad will likely sell locally first once their crops are back on track, to get a higher price for their goods while avoiding fuel costs and border fees. Environment secretary Thérèse Coffey told the Commons: ‘I am led to believe by my officials, after discussion with industry and retailers, we anticipate the situation will last about another two to four weeks. ‘It is important that we try and make sure that we get alternative sourcing options. That is why the department has already been in discussion with the retailers. ‘It is why there will be further discussions led by ministers as well, so that we can try and get over this and try and avoid similar situations in the future. ‘Even if we cannot control the weather it is important that we try and make sure the supply continues to not be frustrated in quite the way it has been due to these unusual weather incidents.’ She added later: ‘I’m hoping that this will be a temporary issue.’ Ms Coffey also suggested people ‘cherish the specialisms that we have in this country’ by eating seasonal vegetables like turnips. MPs dismissed claims that Brexit was responsible for the shortages. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said ‘food security is national security’ and that his party would commit to ‘buying, making and selling more in Britain’. Experts told Metro.co.uk about the reasons behind the shortages people are seeing in supermarkets this week. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.