Three Brits are missing after an earthquake struck south-eastern Turkey, near the Syrian border. President Erdoğan has declared 10 provinces in the country as disaster zones after  as the death toll has risen to 3,549 people. In neighbouring Syria, more than 1,600 were killed, but the numbers on both sides of the border are expected to grow. Making a statement in the House of Commons, James Cleverly confirmed three people from the UK are currently unaccounted for. The foreign secretary said the government is supporting at least 35 Brits ‘directly affected’ by the catastrophe. But he stressed that the likelihood of large-scale British casualties remains ‘low’. Rescue teams have been working in extremely cold temperatures searching for more survivors since the 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck the region in the early hours of yesterday. Among those joining the relief effort are 12 crew members from the London Fire Brigade. On the issue of aid, Mr Cleverly told MPs he has ‘authorised the deployment of a medical assessment team’ to respond to the earthquake. He added: ‘Across the region inhabited by more than 12 million people, 6,000 buildings have collapsed. Electricity and gas infrastructure has been severely damaged. ‘Many of the 3.5 million Syrian refugees hosted by Turkey reside in the affected provinces. ‘Turkey’s outstanding disaster relief response capability has been severely tested by the sheer scale of this catastrophe. ‘The Turkish government has declared a state of emergency and they are requesting international assistance on a scale that matches the enormity of the situation that they are facing. ‘Turkey will lead the disaster relief response in the areas of Syria where it has the presence.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.