A cash-in-transit driver who claimed he’d been a victim of a heist worth nearly £1 million has now been found guilty of being the ‘inside man’ in the plot. Andrew Measor told police a man armed with a gun approached him as he left his home and said ‘I know everything that goes on. Just do as I say and everything will be OK’. A total of £920,000 in banknotes were stolen, before Measor ‘used his nose to dial his phone for help’ from the Loomis depot in Dagenham, east London. But it later emerged it was a fake armed heist and the theft was carried out ‘with the assistance and full participation’ of Measor. Southwark Crown Court heard the 51-year-old handcuffed himself to the steering wheel, then waited two hours before raising the alarm over the robbery in Ilford. Measor, from Loughton, Essex, was found guilty of conspiracy to commit theft and conspiracy to pervert the course of justice on Tuesday. The driver, who had worked for the firm for around three years has been warned by a judge that he faces a ‘lengthy prison sentence’. Stefanos Cantaris, 39, from Epping, Essex, who had already pleaded guilty to the theft charge, was found guilty of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice. Both men were both cleared of conspiracy to launder money. The court heard the pair met on numerous occasions in the months leading up to the theft on December 30 2021. While signed off from work after the heist, Measor told a friend that it was ‘defo an inside job’, prosecutor Catherine Farrelly told the jury. She said: ‘That is probably one of the few things upon which Andrew Measor and the prosecution will agree during this trial – that this was an “inside job”. ‘And so you will want to consider who it was on the inside who was able to provide Stefanos Cantaris and his co-conspirators with the information needed to execute this theft. ‘It won’t surprise you to hear me say the prosecution says that the evidence points squarely in the direction of Andrew Measor.’ Ms Farrelly added that the defendants ‘sought to hide’ Measor’s part in it ‘by faking a robbery’. ‘They have then, to the most part, successfully hidden the money that was stolen’, she added. Cantaris was remanded in custody while Measor was granted conditional bail ahead of sentencing on March 24. Terrance Burrell, 57, from Theydon Bois, Essex; Mark Kendall, 56, from Loughton and Paul McSweeney, 55, from Watford, Hertfordshire were acquitted of three charges. Saimir Neziri, 38, from Barnet, north London and Christopher Shipp, 35, from Bishop’s Stortford, Hertfordshire, were also acquitted. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.