Madonna shared her own interpretation of Wednesday’s viral dance on TikTok, and of course, fans are obsessed. Following the release of the first season, Wednesday’s (Jenna Ortega) solo routine at the Rave’N school dance – which Jenna choreographed – went viral on social media, sparking a viral TikTok trend that even Lady Gaga got involved in, performing it to her own 2011 track Bloody Mary. In her latest video, the Queen of Pop was the latest A-lister taking part in the movement, paying homage to Wednesday’s gothic style by rocking a black corset, and elaborate blazer sleeves. Following the infamous feud between the Vogue hitmaker, 54, and Gaga – real name Stefani Germanotta – fans were living for this moment and hope a cheeky collab is in store. ‘NOT MADONNA STANNING GAGA YASSS,’ one person enthused. ‘GAGADONNA IS REAL,’ another added. ‘Madonna X Gaga is gonna happen soon, I can feel it in my bones,’ another manifested. Speaking about the iconic scene, leading lady Jenna, 20, admitted that she initially felt like a ‘fool’ due to a non-existent dancing experience. ‘I didn’t sleep for two days,’ she told Jimmy Fallon. ‘I watched videos of Siouxsie and the Banshees…I found archival footage of Goth kids dancing in clubs in the 80s …just anything that I could get my hands on. And then on the day, I thought,” Alright, well, I’m just gonna do it.” Jimmy, 48, asked: ‘Did you just go super long? Did you do it like a 20-minute dance? Or step by step is this is exactly what you planned?’ The Jane The Virgin actress replied: ‘No, I knew there were certain things that I want to do. I paid homage to Lisa Loring, the first Wednesday Addams, I did a little bit of her shuffle that she does. And of course, they cut out of camera when I did do it. But it’s there – I know it is.’ The Stuck in the Middle performer also confessed she had no idea the dance would go viral, although she was warned by Netflix bosses. She continued: ‘Netflix were telling me, “Oh, you know, Jenna, this is gonna be a thing on TikTok’. ‘And I thought, yeah, ok ok ok. Because I figured they’re excited, they’re getting hyped up – and then they were right.’ Wednesday is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Wednesday’s Emma Myers believes Jenna Ortega’s character should be single – after fans beg for season 2 romance MORE : Madonna adds fifth London date to huge Celebration tour after selling 600,000 tickets already  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.