Gemma Collins has shed further light on the medical emergency that she experienced, revealing that she thought she was ‘having a heart attack’ at the time. On Monday evening, the former The Only Way Is Essex star revealed that an ambulance had been called to assist her with a health issue. One photo that she posted on her Instagram Story showed a medical worker kneeling on the ground with equipment, while another image showed an ambulance, as she expressed her hope that key workers receive pay rises. In a new update shared on social media, the 42-year-old admitted that she felt ‘very happy to not have died from a heart attack’, having suspected that she was suffering from one at the time. ‘Hi guys, I am just to say thank you for all your well-wishes. I had a terrible shock last night, I had terrible chest pains, I thought I was having a heart attack,’ she revealed in the video clip. ‘Anyway, thank god it wasn’t that. I’ll go into it all later, but I just want to say thank you for your well-wishes. And the NHS were absolutely incredible. I had nothing but such a great experience with them and I really hope they get all their pay rises, because they just work so hard.’ The TV personality continued: ‘I’m just very happy to not have died from a heart attack last night, but onwards and upwards, I’m at work, I’ll report back later. ‘I just wanted to say thank you for all your lovely well-wishes, and I’m on an amazing shoot today.’ On Tuesday, it was announced that Gemma was among the famous faces to be taking part in the star-studded celebrity version of The Great British Bake Off, in aid of Stand Up To Cancer. Other celebrities in the line-up include former Little Mix singer Jesy Nelson, Friends star David Schwimmer, radio presenter Adele Roberts, The Repair Shop fan-favourite Jay Blades, comedian Judi Love, Dragons’ Den investor Deborah Meaden and many more. Judges Dame Prue Leith and Paul Hollywood will be returning to the tent to cast their judgement, with Noel Fielding presenting alongside Matt Lucas. It will mark Matt’s final appearance in the tent, having recently announced his decision to step down as host after three series. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Grateful’ Stacey Solomon cradles baby bump while admitting she ‘woke up with a feeling’ ahead of birth MORE : Molly-Mae Hague’s daughter Bambi ‘traumatised’ by nappy change 