Does Kim Kardashian know something we don’t? The 42-year-old star and SKIMS founder has got everyone talking with her new swimwear campaign and the photo shoot really is out of this world. This week, US President Joe Biden was forced to address three objects he ordered to be shot out of the sky after people speculated they could be linked to aliens. He revealed the intelligence community’s assessment is that they ‘were mostly balloons tied to private companies, recreation or research institutions studying weather or conducting other scientific research’. That may be the case, but Kim has set tongues wagging with her new photoshoot as she poses with extra-terrestrials in a series of intergalactic snaps. ‘I know you guys have been waiting… @SKIMS Swim is finally coming back,’ she captioned the post. ‘Get ready for our biggest launch ever with all-new styles and colors plus the return of sold-out favorites on February 21.’ The campaign was shot by Harmony Korine, and Kim has put her iconic figure on show in a series of (flying) sauce(r)y swimsuits, including a very revealing turquoise two piece and a grey ensemble stood with aliens wearing similar outfits. Not surprisingly, her followers have had a field day with the shoot, tying her campaign to the recent drama and wondering if the reality star and social media queen could have made contact with life on other planets. ‘All these UFOS shot down to prep us for the skims swim launch, it all makes sense now,’ one follower quipped. ‘So this is why we’ve been seeing UFOs lately,’ teased another fan, while a third added: ‘Best way to fool someone is to put it in plain site !!! #Aliens’ And a different user laughed: ‘So these are the aliens everyone has been talking about?!’ Meanwhile, Biden has said while intelligence services haven’t determined the purpose of the three objects shot down, there is no sign they are connected to China or were used for surveillance. He commented: ‘Our intelligence community is still assessing all three incidences. They’re reporting to me daily and will continue the urgent efforts to do so, and I will communicate that to the Congress.’ There you have it – we doubt they’ll be chasing the Kim lead, but the truth is out there… Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : White House says ‘no indication of aliens’ in recent aerial takedowns MORE : BGT star playing Kim Kardashian in Deep Fake Neighbour Wars had to overcome concerns: ‘I did have questions’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 