Vernon Kay looks set to become more of a permanent fixture at BBC Radio 2 as he’s reportedly signed a two-year deal. The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here star has reportedly inked a contract to replace Ken Bruce, after the legendary broadcaster quit the station in January after 45 years. Viewers have been impressed by Vernon, 48, in recent weeks as he’s regularly filled in for presenters Zoe Ball and Scott Mills, who host the Breakfast Show and afternoon programmes respectively. With the reported new deal, Vernon will take over the 9:30am slot which Bruce, 72, currently hosts for two and a half hours on weekdays. It’s claimed that contracts were signed last week and an announcement is expected on Monday. ‘This is the biggest, most coveted gig in radio,’ a source said. They added to The Sun: ‘Ken’s show is the most listened to in Europe so Vernon has massive shoes to fill. But he’s such a warm, easy presenter and listeners have really taken to him. ‘Vernon has a raft of fresh, new ideas and content, but will not be trying to reinvent the wheel here – he knows how important this show is to listeners, and wants them to feel welcome and safe. ‘Everyone at the Beeb is hugely excited to have him on board.’ Last month, Vernon saved the day and stepped in to replace Zoe, 52, on her Breakfast Show when she suddenly fell ill and later tested positive for Covid. Bruce announced the sad news of his departure from Radio 2 in January, and he’ll host his final show in March with Vernon reportedly set to host his first show in April. Confirming the news, one said: ‘Nothing stays the same forever and I have decided the time is right for me to move on from Radio 2 when I reach the end of my current contract in March. ‘It’s been a tremendously happy time for me: I’ve made many friends and worked with many wonderful colleagues. ‘However, I feel that after 45 years of full-time broadcasting on BBC Radio it’s time for a change. ‘I would stress that this is entirely my decision but some new opportunities have come up and I would like to continue my career in a slightly different way in the next few years, the details of which will be revealed shortly.’ He continued: ‘I will always be very proud of my association with the BBC and Radio 2 in particular and I’d like to thank everyone who has helped to make the mid-morning show a success.’ It’s not the end of Bruce’s broadcasting career, however, as he’ll be joining Greatest Hits Radio in their 10am-1pm starting on April 3. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Vernon’s reps and Radio 2 for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Tom Clare walks out of villa leaving Samie Elishi in tears after explosive movie night MORE : Love Island’s Shaq Muhammad in tears after clashing with Tanya Manhenga during explosive Movie Night row 