Olivia Attwood has revealed she fell ill while her fiancé, footballer Bradley Dack, was away. The former Love Island star, 31, said she was ‘rescued’ from her bathroom floor by a neighbour, who took her to the doctor. Alongside the health update, Olivia posted two photos of herself looking poorly. She wrote on Instagram on Sunday: ‘What a week. Anyone else been wiped out by one of these sickness bugs? ‘Thank god for my lovely neighbour who rescued me from the toilet floor and took me to the doctor.’ Updating her two million followers in a separate post, the TV personality quipped that while one of her dogs had stayed by her side when she was unwell, the other kept its distance. ‘Brad’s been away, perfect timing. So just been me and the girls and a whole lot of [vomit emoji]. Stitch not left my side, Lolly on the other hand has kept her distance. Street dog instincts, only the strong survive,’ she added. In a post shared hours later, Olivia could be seen cosying up to her soon-to-be husband, suggesting he had since returned home. The pair have been engaged for more than three years and Olivia recently confirmed she’d be tying the knot this year. Taking part in an Instagram Q&A earlier this month, the star was asked: ‘When is your wedding? Anything you can tell?’ Olivia replied: ‘Omg this question comes up SO much. It’s THIS year… and that’s all you get for now hehehe.’ The soon-to-be married couple have called off their wedding three times due to both the pandemic and busy schedules. Speaking to Heat in 2021, Olivia explained: ‘It’s nothing to cry about – we still want to get married at some point, but we just felt like next summer, Brad really needs to be focused on his return to football [he’s been injured] and I’ve got a lot on my plate, work-wise.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : White Lotus star Haley Lu Richardson ‘cried for three days’ after call for Jonas Brothers music video MORE : Love Island’s Claudia Fogarty blasts Rosie Seabrook ‘disrespectful’ move as Casey O’Gorman finally ‘makes decision’ 