Piers Morgan is to speak to Prime Minister Rishi Sunak on his TalkTV show in what’s sure to be an explosive interview, it’s been announced. The interview, set to broadcast on Piers Morgan Uncensored on Thursday, will coincide with the PM’s 100th day in office at No 10 Downing Street, after taking over from his predecessor Liz Truss following her 44-day tenure. ‘On his 100th day in office tomorrow, I will be sitting down with Prime Minister @RishiSunak at No10 Downing Street for a wide-ranging exclusive interview,’ Morgan announced on Twitter. When Morgan was still at Good Morning Britain, prior to his explosive exit in March 2021, he furiously criticised then-Prime Minister Boris Johnson for seemingly ‘refusing’ to go on the ITV programme to be grilled by him and his former co-host Susanna Reid. ‘The Govt’s once again refusing to put anybody up for interview on @gmb tomorrow,’ he tweeted in May 2020, months into the Covid-19 pandemic. He added at the time: ‘This is the 10th consecutive day they have boycotted the show during Britain’s worst crisis since WW2. What a disgraceful way to treat our viewers. Shame on you @BorisJohnson.’ Following Johnson, Truss took over the role at No 10, but was only in office for a month and a half before her resignation, having previously gone up against Sunak in her bid for the position. Becoming the shortest-serving PM in British history, she said in her resignation speech: ‘I cannot deliver the mandate on which I was elected by the Conservative Party.’ Sunak formally assumed office in October 2022, and recently sacked Nadhim Zahawi as Conservative Party chairman amid a multimillion-pound tax row. ’It is clear that there has been a serious breach of the Ministerial Code,’ the PM said. Sunak explained that he had ‘pledged that the government I lead would have integrity, professionalism and accountability at every level’. Several of Morgan’s followers expressed their excitement over his interview with Sunak, with one tweeting: ‘Be sure to grill him properly PM He got some serious questions to answer.’ In May last year, Morgan praised his former GMB co-host Susanna Reid for her grilling of then-PM Johnson, tweeting: ‘Boris will be heading back to the fridge after that. Well done Susanna Reid. ‘The Elsie line of attack was lethally effective in exposing his Government’s failure to properly help our most vulnerable people amid soaring inflation.’ Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weeknights from 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan praises former ‘TV wife’ Susanna Reid after ‘toe-curling’ interview with Matt Hancock MORE : Jeremy Clarkson documentary delves behind the scenes into moment he punched Piers Morgan 