S Club 7 have an announcement coming and our brains are working overtime. The pop band teased the news on Friday’s The One Show, with hosts Alex Jones and Ronan Keating urging viewers to tune in on Monday for some exciting news. Taking to Twitter, the group then added to the anticipation, tweeting: Ain’t no party like an S Club Party. ‘Announcement coming 7pm this Monday 13th February on BBC’s The One Show’. Naturally, fans are struggling to contain their excitement, and have a million theories over what could be happening. ‘Are they our Eurovision entry?’, one social media user wrote and, honestly, we would love nothing more. ‘Reunion Tour?’, asked another. ‘TOUR! Here’s my bank card.’, declared another and… same. They weren’t the only one begging for tour dates, as fans from all over the world actually took to Twitter to demand shows in their countries. From Canada to Chile, the S Club fanbase is still going strong, and everyone is dying for the Don’t Stop Movin’ hitmakers to reunite. Others even suggested the news could be an S Club 7 reunion, asking whether the spin-off group – Jay Asforis, Daisy Evans, Calvin Goldspink, Stacey McClean, Aaron Renfree, Hannah Richings, Frankie Bridge and Rochelle Humes – would support them on tour. To be honest, we have no idea what the announcement will be, but if it is a tour, consider us there! In fact, the rumours might not be far wrong, as reports emerged in January that the band were set to hit the road to celebrate 25 years since releasing their first tune. Hugely popular in the 1990s and 2000s, the group was made up of Bradley McIntosh, Hannah Spearritt, Jo O’Meara, Jon Lee, Paul Cattermole, Rachel Stevens, and Tina Barrett. They disbanded in 2003, however, the seven singers managed to secure four number-one singles and a successful album before splitting up. After putting them together in 1998, Simon Fuller has now reportedly called up each individual and suggested the idea of a reunion with them, according to Mail Online. ‘Simon Fuller saw the value in this, S Club 7 had a huge following of all ages who he thinks will want to go and see them for nostalgia reasons,’ a source revealed. They continued gushing: ‘Their songs were so upbeat and fun, it is a massive commercial opportunity for them all, particularly Simon.’ So, is this it? Is it really happening? The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Shirley Ballas swung around in incredible gravity-defying ‘headbanger’ move by Anton Du Beke on Strictly tour MORE : Shania Twain proves she’s still the one as country superstar lands third UK number 1 album with Queen Of Me  