Michael Owen says it would be foolish not to view Manchester United as Premier League title contenders after they beat Leeds United at Elland Road. Erik ten Hag’s side dropped two points at home to Leeds on Wednesday night but   bounced back to win the reverse fixture 2-0 thanks to late goals from Marcus Rashford and Alejandro Garnacho. The win sees United climb above Manchester City into second place – City will reclaim the spot if they avoid defeat against Aston Villa – and move to within five points of Premier League leaders Arsenal, though the Gunners have two games in hand. Asked if Manchester United are title challengers this season, Owen told Premier League Productions: ‘Absolutely. ‘If Man City and Arsenal were playing like they were a few months ago, then I would say it’s between those two. But both of them are stumbling. ‘Arsenal, one point from six. Man City, I can’t see them going on an amazing run like they have the last few years. ‘They’ve got to play each other twice as well so there will be points dropped there. ‘You have to include Manchester United, they’re second in the league! If you include Man City you’ve got to include United. There’s a lot of football to be played.’ Rashford’s opener against Leeds was his 21st goal of the season and Ten Hag believes he is now one of the best forwards in Europe. ‘He’s definitely one of them,’ Ten Hag said of Rashford after the Leeds win. ‘He has the skills. ‘I was convinced from the first moment, I was really excited to work with him, I thought I could get more out of him. ‘But he has so many skills and such high potential and there can be even more. When he works well he will score even more goals because he can score with his left, right and his head. ‘It’s about him getting into position but also the team has to have the capabilities to pass in there and cross in there, as they did today. I think that is what I wanted to describe.’ MORE : Man Utd and Leeds condemn fans for vile chants at Elland Road MORE : Harry Maguire says it is a ‘pleasure’ to play with Man Utd goalkeeper David de Gea For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 