The man with the world’s longest tongue put his record-breaking body part to good use by painting Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield live on This Morning. The presenters are no strangers to unusual artists, but this isn’t something we expected to see on a Monday morning. United States government official Nick Stoeberl, who couldn’t reveal his job on air during Monday’s episode, has been officially recognised with a Guinness World Record with his 3.97″ (10.1cm) long tongue and he admitted it has some benefits. ‘I may or may not be the result of a government experiment, like the Hulk, yes. If I’m not careful, I may turn green,’ he quipped early in the interview before explaining that he’s always been ‘aware’ of it. ‘As a kid, sticking my tongue out, of course it was longer than other people who may have been sticking their tongue out at me. I’ve had self-awareness and then in high school I got the nickname Gene Simmons. So, that’s kind of why I became more popular,’ he joked. He revealed some benefits to the large tongue, which he described as ‘very eco-friendly’ when it comes to dining and being able to lick up any mess instead of needing to use a napkin. ‘That is true, though in restaurants I will try to be polite and use a napkin,’ he insisted, noting that his tongue is also ‘very popular’ at parties. ‘People always want to talk to me. And people always introduce other people to me by saying, “Oh this is Nick, he’s got the Guinness World Record for the longest tongue”. So socially, it’s quite useful,’ he admitted. His brother ‘has a similarly proportioned tongue’, although Nick insisted his sibling isn’t ‘the same stature’. As well as being able to lick his nose and elbow, Nick can paint with the appendage – he’s even done his own version of the Mona Lisa for his brother – and has earned himself the nickname Lickasso, with some pieces going for a couple of hundred dollars. He gave This Morning viewers a taste of his talents, wrapping his tongue in clingfilm – ‘safety first’ – before getting to work on an interpretation of Holly and Phil. ‘It’s so weird, I feel like I shouldn’t be watching you do this. It feels like a personal moment,’ Holly laughed. He revealed the artwork, which was kept simple but had some charm considering it didn’t take him long to do, and Holly said it was ‘very good’ while Phil compared his style to The Simpsons. There are some health concerns with people able to choke on their tongue during their sleep even at a normal size, which Nick admitted was a ‘frightening’ prospect. He added: ‘I imagine if I have a larger tongue, I might be more likely to. Thank God, I have not had that experience!’ Overall though, he’s been able to travel the world and finally come to London, with his family originally being from England, and he smiled: ‘It’s great where my tongue has taken me.’ This Morning airs weekdays at 1am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tattooed teacher has his tongue and eyeballs inked – and had his nipples removed to give artists a smoother surface to work on MORE : This Morning’s Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield couldn’t handle a man painting them with his penis 