The US shot has shot down another object over its airspace, less than a week after downing a Chinese spy balloon. President Joe Biden ordered the Pentagon to shoot down an unidentified object over Alaska on Friday, according to National Security Council spokesman John Kirby. ‘The object was flying at an altitude of 40,000 feet and posed a reasonable threat to the safety of civilian flight,’ said Kirby from the White House. ‘Out of an abundance of caution, and at the recommendation of the Pentagon, President Biden ordered the military to down the object and they did and it came inside our territorial waters and those waters right now are frozen.’ The object has not been confirmed to be a balloon. It was ‘roughly the size of a small car’, Kirby said. By comparison, the spy balloon the US shot down on Saturday was the size of several buses. A fighter plane with the US Northern Command shot the unidentified object ‘within the last hour’, Kirby said around 10.30am local time. There was no indication that the newly downed object posed a military threat to civilians on the ground, a US official told The New York Times. It breached the US airspace for a relatively short time frame, the official said. It was not immediately known if the object came from China or a country that poses a threat to the US, or what purpose it served. Officials could not immediately confirm if the car-sized object contained surveillance equipment. A US State Department spokesman on Thursday said that the Chinese spy balloon was capable of collecting intelligence and that its manufacturer has ties to the Chinese military. The balloon contained ‘multiple antennas to include an array likely capable of collecting and geolocating communications’, the spokesman said, as well as solar panels big enough to ‘operate multiple active intelligence collection sensors’. China has maintained it was a weather balloon and called on the US to return the debris, which Navy divers recovered off the coast of South Carolina over several days. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.