Welcome back to How I Made It, Metro.co.uk’s weekly career journey series. This time we have our Valentine’s Day edition with Siobhan Copland, a profession matchmaker and owner of agency Cupid in the City. After being inspired by a TV show, she knew she wanted to go into this industry. The 36-year-old from Essex matches people up for a living, helping them to find love and romance. She acts on her instinct most of the time and is honest that she can only do so much in changing someone’s relationship status. Love is a complicated thing, after all. Here’s how she made this career happen. Hey Siobhan. What made you want to get into matchmaking? I have always enjoyed being sociable and knew I didn’t want to end up being stuck at a desk. I really enjoyed running singles events and the personal matchmaking evolved from there. I also came across a show called The Millionaire Matchmaker, which someone recommended I watch. I thought, ‘that looks fun, I naturally do that anyway’. I’ve always introduced people who I thought would make good friends, flat mates or even helping them get into jobs. So I saw introducing them to a partner would be using much of my natural skills. How did you do it – did you train? I started out running singles events, read just about every relationship book going, and observed closely how others in the industry worked. Later I did take a matchmaker course created by another matchmaker called the Matchmakers Academy. I continue to invest in courses to improve my skills to coach my clients. Did you ever work in another industry and career change – if so what, how did you make the move? My main career was in sales and events management, and also did some office support roles. It was being made redundant from an office support role and being advised by the directors there not to get another job, to instead grow what I considered a hobby at the time, but they considered a business. That made me take the leap to build my business from a side hustle to full time occupation. When did you set up your own company and what was that like? I had it as a side hustle running singles events for three years before setting up as a limited company and fully fledged matchmaking agency, which was surprisingly easy. I just had to register the name with Companies House, get a business bank account, hire an accountant and at that time had one share holder who was like my business partner. How do you manage expectations when working with clients? I am very honest and upfront from the start, everyone knows there is no guarantee they are going to end up matched into a relationship. I always explain it is a process, we increase the odds for them, provide opportunities and they need to trust and be patient. It is important that they are willing to be guided, open to being coached, and commit to be clear and open in communication with their matchmaker. It’s a team effort, and they have to do their part in showing up as their authentic self too. Do you act a lot on instinct, or would you say matchmaking is more of a science? I am very good at reading people – intuition is really important to me, it is where I have always got the best results, when people may not always go together on paper. What do you love most about your job? Meeting new interesting people all the time and hearing their life stories. I get so inspired by the people I meet. Of course, the highlight is when you get a message with photos of them on holiday together or an engagement or pregnancy news. You then feel a sense of gratification knowing you played a part in making that happen. What do you dislike the most? It is always hard to give the feedback, if one person is keen to meet again and the other isn’t. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I went back to uni as a mum and worked my way up in retail’