A wildfire broke out in close vicinity to the Winter Love Island 2023 villa, with show bosses said to have been on ‘high alert’ as a result. Tonight, the ITV2 competition is set to return to resume the aftermath of the latest recoupling saga, when bombshell Rosie Seabrook coupled up with Casey O’Gorman, sparking tension by admitting that she didn’t see any ‘sexual chemistry’ between Casey and Claudia Fogarty. While things are certainly heating up following the latest arrivals, a real fire broke out in the area where the villa is situated. A source said fire crews ‘rushed’ to tackle a blaze at the Ludus Magnus estate, which is said to be ‘just two fields away’ from where the islanders are staying. ‘The winds were pretty high so there were concerns the blaze could move towards the villa but the fire crews managed to get it under control,’ they told The Sun. ‘Naturally the welfare of everyone on the show is the main priority and an evacuation plan has been put in place if it’s needed.’ Wildfires occur frequently in South Africa, while it’s alleged that this particular fire ‘burned for around three hours before it was put under control’. ‘A local fire crew are now monitoring the situation to ensure the safety of everyone in the vicinity,’ the insider added. An ITV spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘A fire brigade has attended a fire in the local area. ‘The incident is not on the Villa grounds. Love Island cast and crew are completely safe.’ Earlier this month, it was claimed that Love Island was forced to ‘halt filming’ after extreme weather sparked mayhem for the production. ‘The weather in South Africa has been a nightmare over the past 24 hours,’ a source said at the time. ‘The rain was torrential yesterday and it meant that filming any scenes outside had to be put on ice,’ they added, while the islanders were made to go into the villa. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tensions rise between bombshell Rosie Seabrook and Claudia Fogarty following emotional Love Island recoupling MORE : Love Island’s Zara Lackenby-Brown slams show for not setting her up with Jordan Odofin: ‘I deserved to find love’ 