The Welsh Open has become the most reliable event on the calendar for incredible stories, and Rob Milkins’ emotional, life-changing win on Sunday is as memorable as any. Two years ago Jordan Brown beat Ronnie O’Sullivan in the final to complete his journey to the title as a 750/1 shot. 12 months later Joe Perry stunned the field and Judd Trump in the showpiece to win an unlikely second ranking title at 47 years old. Milkins, just a couple of weeks shy of his own 47th birthday, beat Shaun Murphy 9-7 to claim his own second ranking title, amazingly after winning his first just last year at the Gibraltar Open. The Milkman waited 27 years as a pro for a big win, then two came along within 12 months. Not only was the prestigious title on the line for the veteran, but a £150,000 bonus for topping the BetVictor Series rankings, plus all the added benefits that come with qualifying for the Players Championship, Tour Championship, Champion of Champions and returning to the world’s top 16. The win over Murphy, all-in-all, was worth the best part of £300,000 to Milkins, by a distance the most significant victory of his career and remarkable given the situation he was in a year ago. Before his Gibraltar triumph Milkins was at a real low, struggling for wins, almost out of money completely and rustling up unwanted headlines after he drank too much at the opening ceremony of the Turkish Masters and caused a regrettable scene. After winning the top prize in Gibraltar, the Milkman told Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s total relief, I’ve been skint! Trying to support three kids, trying to pay the mortgage, money just don’t last. ‘I’ve got myself into debt but it’s such a relief that the money from that has cleared me all off. I couldn’t see no way out at one stage, from everything, it’s been so difficult, one thing after another.’ If Gibraltar solved his money issues, Wales has made them a distant memory and with the form he has shown over the last year, there may be more success to come with the pressure off. ‘I’m feeling on top of the world,’ he told Eurosport. ‘The emotions I was going through all evening, knowing what was on the line, it was really tough. I’ve never played for that sort of money before and obviously the Welsh Open title as well, all of it combined is too much to take, really. ‘It’s been a rough ride. When you’re playing to try and put some bread on the table, it’s tough.’ The money is one thing, but Milkins has overcome adversity in other forms, most notably family tragedies which have been a painfully regular part of his life. He lost his mother when he was just 19, his father has passed away and Robert’s sister tragically died in December 2021, making his career resurgence all the more incredible. There for him throughout these incredibly trying times have been his close friends, who have become like family to him. They were in attendance in Llandudno on Sunday night and it was a tear-jerking moment as he dedicated the title to them. ‘Most of all I’d like to dedicate this trophy to Dean and Mandy over there,’ he said. ‘They’ve picked up all the pieces when things have gone wrong, they’ve always been there for me. I’ve lived there a few times, they’ve helped me out, so this is for you.’ He added: ‘They’re my family, really, we’re not blood-related but they’re the godparents to my children. ‘When I’ve had problems in the past, been evicted or gone through different bad stages of my life, they’ve always been there for me. They are my family, I suppose, the most important people.’ An underdog having his day will always receive a warm reception, but few wins have been greeted with such affection by fellow players than Milkins’ triumph in Wales. Even Ali Carter, who was set to win the £150,000 bonus himself if Milkins lost to Murphy, was thrilled, tweeting: ‘Delighted for @robmilkins147 and I mean that from the bottom of my heart! What a man…’ Mark Allen and Mark Selby were similarly beaming at Milkins’ win, with his popularity among his fellow professionals shining through. Allen wrote: ‘Couldn’t be happier for you mate. Truly one of the good guys finally reaping the rewards for the years of hard graft. Enjoy every moment champ.’ The four-time world champion added: ‘Congratulations to @robmilkins147 good things happen to good people. Rob is one of the most genuine guys you will ever meet! Enjoy it bud.’ A heart-warming, tear-jerking story of redemption and overcoming hardship. Netflix might not be planning a Robert Milkins documentary just yet, but if they did the Milkman would certainly deliver. MORE : Robert Milkins faces biggest match of his life but Shaun Murphy intends to cost him dear MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan: Shaun Murphy doesn’t win enough tournaments For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 