Chelsea manager Graham Potter says Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang still has a future at the club amid talk of a move to the MLS. The former Arsenal captain was left out of Chelsea’s Champions League squad last week, throwing his future at Stamford Bridge in further doubt amid a disappointing season back in the Premier League. Los Angeles FC have held talks with the Gabon international with reports in France this week claiming a loan agreement has been made between the two clubs. But following reports that the 33-year-old is still to agree terms with the MLS side, Potter told a press conference on Friday there is ‘nothing to report’ on the player’s future. ‘He has been training well with us this week,’ Potter said ahead of Chelsea’s clash with West Ham United. ‘He is a really good professional, supporting his teammates and while he is here he is doing what he is expected to do which is train well and act well.’ Aubameyang’s omission from the Champions League squad came after the club’s £300m January spending spree that included Premier League record signing Enzo Fernandez, winger Mykhailo Mudryk and the loan arrival Joao Felix. Chelsea were only permitted to add three players to their squad, meaning fellow January additions Benoit Badiashile, Noni Madueke, David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos all missed out with Aubameyang also cut. Potter said last week of the decision: ‘It was a tough call because he’s done nothing wrong. ‘I don’t think it’s going to be difficult because Pierre is a professional and of course I understand he’ll be disappointed. ‘It was a tough decision, a tough call, we had three coming in and two had to go out so he was the one that missed out. ‘Pierre’s just unfortunate and he’ll be fighting for his place for the rest of the season.’ Aubameyang has scored three goals in 18 appearances for the Blues this season. MORE : Brentford goalkeeper David Raya responds to Manchester United and Chelsea transfer speculation MORE : Atletico Madrid line-up Chelsea target Marcus Thuram to replace Joao Felix For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 