The City of London’s famous skyline could look much different at night in the future. Proposals have been drawn up by the City of London Corporation that could see London’s skyscrapers dimming or switching off lights overnight in a bid to conserve energy. It means we could soon see 30 Saint Mary’s Axe (The Gherkin), The Fenchurch Building (The Walkie Talkie) and other famous landmarks lower their lighting in the evening. City officials are concerned about the unnecessary use of lights in office buildings that have few or no workers after a certain time of night. Proposals for ‘curfew times’ would see developers agree as part of the planning process for new buildings that all external lights will be dimmed or switched off entirely, apart from safety lighting. The City proposes the creation of three types of ‘brightness zones’ with slightly earlier curfews set at 10pm for residential and heritage areas, 11pm for cultural and tourist areas and midnight for commercial, retail and transport hubs. Existing buildings would be ‘encouraged’ to adopt the new plans and sign up to a voluntary charter to improve lighting amid the local authority’s aim for the Square Mile to reach carbon net zero by 2040. The Square Mile refers to the 1.12 square miles covering the major trading and finance hub around the City. The corporation is currently consulting on a new Lighting Supplementary Planning Document, which provides advice on the lighting of buildings, streets and places. The planning corporation adds: ‘The new Lighting SPD will provide guidance for developers on lighting buildings and the spaces between them, to help them meet the requirements in the Local Plan and to support the delivery of the Climate Action Strategy. ‘The guidance covers the design, delivery, operation, and maintenance of artificial light in the City of London.’ City of London Corporation planning and transportation committee chairman Shravan Joshi said: ‘The City is a unique place in which 24/7 business districts and busy transport hubs rub up against historic buildings and residential neighbourhoods. ‘The strategy laid out in this document is aimed at ensuring an intelligent, sensitive approach to lighting which ensures the City is safe and accessible, while protecting its historic character and the amenity of our residents.’ The consultation runs until Friday, February 17. The corporation is also taking steps to tackle air pollution in the Square Mile, including closing certain roads and developing a one-way system near Bank station. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.