Eugene Levy has admitted that he’d definitely be keen for a Schitt’s Creek spin-off film to take place, but he has some expectations in mind. The 76-year-old played Johnny Rose in the beloved series, alongside his son Dan Levy. The show centres on the Rose family – a wealthy clan who lose their entire fortune after being defrauded by their business manager, leaving them to make a fresh start in their one remaining asset – the tiny backwater town of Schitt’s Creek. After six popular seasons, the sit-com came to an end in 2020, but, Eugene teased that he’d be keen for a movie. Speaking to Josie Gibson and Dermot O’Leary on Wednesday’s This Morning, he said: ‘It was a great run and the way it worked out, where we hit our stride, our peak right at the end of the series in a record-breaking Emmy night, would much rather have had that going on that if the show had hit big in its first or second season, and then how do you keep topping yourselves as the years go on.’ He continued, talking about the prospect of a film: ‘You can expect it, you may not get it.’ ‘We’ve said we’re always keeping things open, and Daniel himself has said it really depends on the idea for what it is, because whatever it is, it has to elevate itself from the point that we left off, to the point where we’re going to pick up. ‘It has to keep moving up. When we hit that idea, definitely would we love to do it again? Yes. Would we love to get back together with the cast again? Absolutely. ‘It was just the best experience ever. But there’s nothing in the works right now, but absolutely it’s something that we would love to do.’ Dan has previously hinted that we may not have seen the last of Schitt, suggesting that he is open to the idea of bringing back the characters on the big screen. ‘Some people have been asking that [about a movie],’ he said, ‘If there is an idea that pops into my head and worthy of these wonderful people, it has to be really freaking good at this point. ‘Fingers crossed that we get a really good idea coming into our heads soon. I would love to work with these beautiful people again. This has been the most incredible experience.’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brit Awards hit with Ofcom complaints – with critics sadly offended by Sam Smith’s Unholy performance MORE : Great British Bake Off Musical star stuns This Morning viewers with uncanny resemblance to Paul Hollywood 