Raquel Welch has died at the age of 82. The actress was most known for her roles in The Three Musketeers, Legally Blonde and One Million Years BC. She ‘passed away peacefully early this morning after a brief illness,’ her manager, Steve Sauer, confirmed to People Magazine. ‘Her career spanned over 50 years starring in over 30 films and 50 television series and appearances. ‘The Golden Globe winner, in more recent years, was involved in a very successful line of wigs. ‘Raquel leaves behind her two children, son Damon Welch and her daughter Tahnee Welch.’ Her cause of death is not yet known. Following the news, fans rushed to pay tribute to the Hollywood star on social media. ‘Raquel Welch has died. To those of us who went through our adolescence in the 70s she was more than an Icon. R.I.P,’ one tweeted. ‘Another icon of my youth is gone. Raquel Welch, R.I.P,’ another said. A follower commented: ‘I cannot believe I am writing this, but Raquel Welch has died at the age of 82. RIP Raquel.’ As a Twitter user posted: ‘A smart, sexy, fierce lady. A legend. RIP.’ Welch had a passion for acting from an early age, and made her film debut in the 1960s. She came to fame thanks to roles in Fantastic Voyage and Do Not Disturb – as well as a scene-stealing stint in One Million Years BC, which catapulted her to worldwide fame. From this, she went on to roles in Bedazzled, The Beloved and Fuzz. One of her most notable parts came in 1973’s The Three Musketeers, with her impressive turn as Constance Bonacieux landing her the golden globe for best actress. She starred opposite Michael York, Richard Chamberlain, Charlton Heston and Faye Dunaway, and went on to reprise the role in The Four Musketeers the following year. One of Welch’s last films was among her most beloved, as she had a small role as Mrs Windham-Vandermark, alongside Reese Witherspoon and Selma Blair. As well as big screen credits, she appeared in a string of TV shows, including Seinfeld, Bewitched Sabrina The Teenage Witch, 8 Simple Rules, and a recurring role in Spin City. Despite being one of the most famous faces, Welch is thought to have prided herself on being ‘understated’ in private. She married her high school sweetheart, James Welch, in 1959, just a few years before she hit the big time. Together they welcomed children Damon and Latanne ‘Tahnee’ Welch together, before calling time on their marriage in 1964. She walked down the aisle with Patrick Curtis three years later, but this didn’t last and they divorced in 1972. Following this, she enjoyed a 10-year marriage with Andre Weinfeld in 1980, and later tied the knot with Richard Palmer in 1999 – they split in 2004. Welch is survived by her two children. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 