John Lydon and Public Image Ltd have been unsuccessful in their bid to represent Ireland in Eurovision 2023. Competing to represent Ireland this year in Liverpool, Public Image Ltd went up against teenager Jennifer Connolly, K Muni & ND, Leila Jane, and Wild Youth. Ultimately, it was band Wild Youth and their tune We Are One who triumphed on The Late Late Show, and the group will head to the northern city later this year. ‘I am shaking,’ the group’s frontman said after their win, struggling to find words for how they felt after coming out on top in the public vote. ‘Thank you to everyone who voted for us, we just wanna do the best for Ireland, it’s gonna be amazing, we hope everyone can get behind the song.’ The Dublin band faced tough competition, particularly from 19-year-old Connolly, who came second with her song Midnight Summer Night. However, the public got behind them, with Wild Youth now hoping to improve on Ireland’s success of Eurovision last year and do the country proud, given that they have only made it past the semi-finals once since 2013. Reflecting on his time competing to be the face of the country, singer Lydon assured he wasn’t bitter: ‘Thank you for giving us the opportunity to show a difference.’ Fans later took to social media to express their views on his defeat, with plenty congratulating Public Image Ltd on a ‘beautiful song’ and praising them for ‘getting a message across.’ The former Sex Pistol and his band announced their bid for Eurovision 2023 in January, hoping to sing for the country with a previously unheard song titled Hawaii. And it seems the people were more than happy to back the tune, which is dedicated to his Lydon’s wife Nora, who has Alzheimer’s. Explaining the meaning behind their tune, Lydon previously shared: ‘It is dedicated to everyone going through tough times on the journey of life, with the person they care for the most. ‘It’s also a message of hope that ultimately love conquers all.’ Lydon was the lead singer of the late-1970s punk band the Sex Pistols from 1975 until 1978, later fronting the band for various revivals during the 1990s and 2000s. Public Image Ltd formed in London in 1978, with the first line-up of the band including bassist Jah Wobble and former Clash guitarist Keith Levene. In 1987, a new line-up was formed consisting of Lydon, former Siouxsie and the Banshees guitarist John McGeoch, Allan Dias on bass guitar in addition to drummer Smith and Edmunds. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : John Lydon ‘shaking’ with fear ahead of Ireland’s Eurovision showdown: ‘I’m terrified of getting it wrong’ MORE : Eurovision 2023 stage unveiled as design celebrates ‘bringing people together’ 