Succession is officially coming to an end after its upcoming fourth season. Creator Jesse Armstrong has admitted the conclusion of the HBO drama – which stars Brian Cox, Matthew Macfadyen, and Sarah Snook – has always been ‘present’ in his mind, and from the second series he has been actively considering when to finish the show. He said: ‘You know, there’s a promise in the title of Succession. I’ve never thought this could go on forever. The end has always been kind of present in my mind. ‘From season two, I’ve been trying to think: Is it the next one, or the one after that, or is it the one after that?’ Jesse proposed the end of the show – which focuses on media mogul Logan Roy (Brian) and his family’s fight over his legacy – before he and his fellow scribes even started writing season four. He told The New Yorker magazine: ‘I got together with a few of my fellow-writers before we started the writing of season four, in about November, December, 2021, and I sort of said, “Look, I think this maybe should be it. But what do you think?” ‘And we played out various scenarios: We could do a couple of short seasons, or two more seasons. Or we could go on for ages and turn the show into something rather different, and be a more rangy, freewheeling kind of fun show, where there would be good weeks and bad weeks. ‘Or we could do something a bit more muscular and complete, and go out sort of strong. And that was definitely always my preference. I went into the writing room for season four sort of saying, “I think this is what we’re doing, but let’s also keep it open.” ‘ Jesse admits that even when they started filming season four he was ‘not 100 per cent sure’ that was it, and says it has been a ‘difficult decision’ to end Succession. He added: ‘I feel deeply conflicted. I quite enjoy this period when we’re editing – where the whole season is there – but we haven’t put it out yet. I like the interregnum. ‘And I also quite liked the period when my close collaborators and I knew that this was probably it, or this was it, but hadn’t had to face up to it in the world.’ Last year, Brian described Jesse as ‘an absolute genius’, but admitted he has often only received his Succession scripts two days before shooting. He said: ‘Getting a script is like getting gold. I like to learn the lines.’ Succession returns to HBO Max in the US on March 26 and will land on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK on 27 March. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When is Succession coming back and how to watch in the UK? MORE : Succession’s Brian Cox and Professor Brian Cox finally come face to face on BBC Breakfast and it’s pretty delightful 