Richard Keys has urged Todd Boehly to sack Graham Potter and hire former Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho as his replacement. Chelsea’s struggles continued on Saturday as they were beaten 1-0 by relegation-battlers Southampton at Stamford Bridge. The result means Chelsea – sitting 10th in the Premier League – have won just two games in their last 14 in all competitions. Broadcaster Keys believes Potter has ‘failed miserably’ at Chelsea and says Boehly should turn to ex-Blues boss Mourinho to turn the club around. Potter replaced Champions League-winning manager Thomas Tuchel at Stamford Bridge earlier in the season but is already fighting to save his job. ‘Jose Mourinho is a former Chelsea manager who’s enormously popular with the crowd,’ Keys told beIN SPORTS. ‘He’s the most successful individual the club has ever employed. ‘I think Chelsea fans would react well to that. Todd Boehly is a populist so he will want to give the fans something to get excited about. ‘The experiment with Graham Potter has failed miserably so that’s got to change. Boehly needs a get out of jail free card and that’s Jose Mourinho. ‘Mourinho would be the most popular of appointments that Boehly could make right now and would buy him time in his project.’ Mourinho guided Chelsea to three Premier League titles across two spells at the club and is currently at Serie A side Roma. Chelsea’s defeat to Southampton leaves them six places and 10 points outside the Champions League places. Reacting to Chelsea’s latest setback, ex-Brighton manager Potter said: ‘The first half was below par from us. Credit to Southampton, they mixed the game up well. ‘For different reasons we weren’t at the level we should have been in the first half. In the second half our response was really good. ‘You have to put those chances away. The scoreline isn’t good enough for us, we’re disappointed with that. ‘We got into some really good opportunities and at the level we’re playing at, you have to score them. ‘We had that in the week against Dortmund, but the first half was probably a reflection of us returning from the Champions League, the changes we had to make and a lack of fluidity.’ MORE : Chelsea board continue to back Graham Potter after Southampton defeat MORE : Graham Potter responds to Chelsea fans booing after Southampton loss For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 