John Terry has warned Graham Potter that Chelsea’s form is ‘clearly not good enough’ and says the Blues boss needs to find a ‘settled team’. Chelsea dropped more points earlier in the weekend as they were held to a 1-1 draw by struggling West Ham. The Blues made a bright start at the London Stadium and new signings Enzo Fernandez and Joao Felix combined to put the visitors in front on 16 minutes. But Chelsea’s lead did not last long as ex-Blues defender Emerson Palmieri scored against his former club to earn West Ham – sitting just above the relegation zone – a point. For Chelsea, it was a third successive draw in the Premier League, meaning they remain ninth – 10 points outside the Champions League places. Former England defender Terry won five Premier League titles, five FA Cups and the Champions League during his successful spell at Stamford Bridge and insists current results are ‘not good enough’ for a team of Chelsea’s stature. Asked by a fan if he helped get Potter the Chelsea job – having repeatedly praised the 47-year-old while he was at Brighton – Terry said on Instagram: ‘Absolutely not.  ‘I tweeted that I loved watching Brighton play and his style of play. I have nothing to do with the first team. I’m working with the [Under] 18s and 21s and love my role. ‘Clearly results are not good enough and we need to get a settled team.’ Potter spent three successful years at Brighton but has largely struggled since replacing Thomas Tuchel in the Stamford Bridge hot-seat earlier in the season. The Blues boss was keen to take the positives from the 1-1 draw against West Ham, telling BT Sport: ‘I think you could see positives in the performances for us especially in the first half. ‘It was a step forward for us in terms of the previous game and lots to go forward with. ‘We are in a process where we are getting guys up to speed, guys match minutes so the ability to sustain what we want to do is the challenge for us so there were positives in the game. ‘We have to keep working. There were positives today and some good attacking moments from players adapting to the Premier League. ‘We had real control of the game and it was a cheap goal from our perspective. That lifts the crowd and makes it more difficult but that is something we have to manage better. We will get better from the experience.’ Chelsea face Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund in the last-16 of the Champions League on Wednesday night before returning to Premier League action next Saturday against Southampton, who sacked Nathan Jones after their 2-1 defeat to Wolves. MORE : Gabby Agbonlahor slams ‘lightweight’ Kai Havertz after Chelsea drop more points MORE : Arsenal striker Eddie Nketiah reveals why London rivals Chelsea let him go For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 