A tearful Carley Stenson has become the sixth star eliminated from Dancing On Ice after a challenging week on the show. The Hollyoaks actress and her professional skating partner Mark Hanretty lost out during a close skate-off against Siva Kaneswaran and Klabera Komini, but The Wanted singer was unanimously put through by the judges, and Carley followed Darren Harriott out the door. They had delivered a strong performance during props week with their skate incorporating a feather boa and giving them a solid 34.5 from the judges, placing them in the middle of the leader board. It came after a tough week for the pair however, with Mark off ill until Friday and Carley struggling with injury too. Siva had been just half a point behind Carley with his romantic skate to Tomorrow by Marisha Wallace, which was praised by the judges as his best performance yet, but didn’t save him from being in the bottom two for the second week in a row. After the skate-off, which Carley described as ‘painful’, Mark revealed that the 40-year-old had had trouble with her shoulder once more during the routine, with it ‘popping out’. However, Carley then clarified that it had not ‘properly’ popped out and she had been able to fix it herself during the routine, but co-host Holly Willoughby reassured the pair she would be seen by a medic. After discovering her fate, the actress grew tearful and said: ‘It just got harder… I’ve really enjoyed it, this is all a bit of a blur right now, but I’ve really enjoyed it.’ Her dramatic performance to Fever by Beyonce had initially drawn praise from the judges, with Oti Mabuse commenting: ‘That was so sultry Carly… That was so classy and so beautiful, well done, you should be so proud of your performance.’ Ashley Banjo added: ‘I loved the way you used a prop creatively the whole way through.’ However, in a competitive week, it was gymnast Nile Wilson and his partner Olivia Smart who came out on top, netting the highest score of the series so far with a massive 37.5 for their expressive skate to Leona Lewis’ Bleeding Love, which featured a double bed as its prop. Joey Essex and Vanessa Bauer were in second with their cheeky surfing routine to Cake By the Ocean, which saw the Towie star take to the ice in nothing but a pair of glittery blue swimming trunks. Mollie Gallagher and Sylvain Longchambon’s air trolley routine finished last with a still very respectable score of 33, but the Coronation Street star managed to escape the skate-off. Next week’s semi-final will feature a dreaded double elimination, as revealed to the skaters live on Sunday’s show. The other remaining pair is The Vivienne and Colin Grafton, whose decision to pay homage to a ‘different type of drag’ with their racing-themed routine saw them scoop 35.5. Dancing On Ice continues on Sunday at 6:30pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Jayne Torvill reveals arm injury requiring surgery in sequined sling MORE : Eamonn Holmes arrives by wheelchair to watch beloved Manchester Utd win Wembley Carabao Cup final 