A three-year-old boy ‘burst into tears’ because he could not build a snack shaped car from his ‘dud’ packet of Golden Wonder Transform-A-Snacks. Little Milo loves nothing more than munching on the beef flavoured crisps after a long and tiring day at nursery. The pack usually contains edible parts which allow children – and some adults – to build cars from crisp parts. But young Milo was left feeling glum when he opened a pack only to discover it contained car wheels and not ‘crisp car body’ pieces. Golden Wonder has since apologised and said it would send the young Brummie a ‘gesture of goodwill’. But his granddad Steve Perrin was having none of it and fumed: ‘When we got home, he was utterly distraught and inconsolable to find there were only a load of wheel crisps inside. ‘He absolutely loves making the cars and always asks for them – he’s very polite. ‘It took me a good while to calm him down. I couldn’t go back to the shop as it was too far away and was getting very dark.’ The 48-year-old granddad continued: ‘There was probably some kind of error at the factory – however I don’t think Milo could fully understand the situation. ‘It says ’50p great value’ on the pack. Not when they upset my grandson they’re not.’ Golden Wonder has now addressed this issue by saying: ‘As per our complaint handling procedure, we will write back to the complainant with our response and apology for the inconvenience caused and will send a gesture of goodwill.’ If Milo thought he had a bit of bad luck this guy who only found one Wotsit in his packet of crisps surely comes off worse. Andy Stubbs, 43, was looking forward to tucking into the snack when he gave the bag a shake and noticed it seemed very airy, despite being puffed up with air. The South east London dad could not hear any crisps rattling against each other, and began to suspect he had an unusual bag on his hands. A packet of Wotsits should contain at least 42 of the cheesy puffs and anyone who gets anything less is advised to contact Wotsits customer services immediately and make a complaint. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.