Friends of Nicola Bulley have gathered again two weeks on from her disappearance to appeal for any information that could help ‘bring her home’. One, Emma White, said it was ‘a real last push’ to ‘jog anybody’s memory’ and make another plea for dashcam footage of Garstang Road, just outside of the village of St Michael’s on Wyre. She told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: ‘We’re out with banners, we’ve got placards of Nikki’s face, we’ve got a moving eight-foot LED board with her face on it with the message “Bring Nikki home”. ‘We just need Nikki home for her two beautiful little girls who need their mummy.’ The focus of the police search has now shifted from where Ms Bulley vanished to further downstream, towards where the River Wyre empties into the Irish Sea at Morecambe Bay. A dinghy with two officers on board could be seen on the water on Thursday, while an orange rescue boat was also spotted appearing to do sweeps of the river off Knott End-on-Sea, at the mouth of the bay, around 10 miles from where the mortgage adviser’s phone was found on a bench, still connected to a work call. Ms White said the search had been ‘like torture’. She told the Today programme: ‘It is just a rollercoaster, it is almost like torture — the despair, the unimaginable frustration in the sense that everyone has come together, working so hard: the police, the community, people on the ground. ‘You expect to be rewarded for when you put hard work in, so we just need something, anything, a piece of information that can lead us down a different inquiry.’ Lancashire Police have said their current working hypothesis is that Ms Bulley fell into the river. On Tuesday, Superintendent Sally Riley, of Lancashire Police, said detectives had looked at ‘every single’ potential suspicion or criminal suggestion that had come in and discounted them. Multiple searches of the ‘hot-spot’ area near the bench, the suspected ‘entry point’ where Ms Bulley went into the water, have been conducted by police divers and underwater search experts. Ms Bulley’s family called in help from Peter Faulding, of Specialist Group International, but after a three-day search earlier this week, no trace of Ms Bulley was found. He said his searches confirmed Ms Bulley was not in the section of river searched by his team and police divers, but described himself as ‘baffled’ after ending his fruitless search. Ms Bulley’s partner Paul Ansell has described the ‘perpetual hell’ the family is suffering as they await news, with her daughters asking: ‘Where’s mummy?’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.