Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s time on Dancing On Ice has come to an end, after she and pro partner Brendyn Hatfield lost out in the dreaded skate-off. The panel voted to save Patsy Palmer and Matt Evers, who also became incredibly tearful after landing in the bottom two. Dance Week saw the remaining celebrities – including The Vivienne, Siva Kaneswaran, and Joey Essex – tackle various dance styles while trying to stay upright and perform tricks on the ice. From street to swing, and from samba to cheerleading, the celebs and their pros well and truly brought the party this week but, sadly, Ekin-Su and Brendyn didn’t have the night of their dreams. The pair join John Fashanu, who was the first star eliminated their series with his partner Alexandra Schauman. Then, Liberty X pop star Michelle Heaton was the second skating star voted off, after a shock twist axed the skate-off and immediately ousted the pair with the least votes from the public. Bursting into tears upon learning of her fate, Ekin-Su expressed her disappointment after working so hard during training. The 28-year-old explained that Dancing On Ice had been her ‘priority’, despite all the other projects she was juggling – from launching an Oh Polly collection to becoming the face of B Perfect. However, hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby insisted that she should be incredibly ‘proud’ of what she had achieved, while boyfriend Davide Sanclimenti cheered her on in the audience. The fellow Love Islander even made a cameo in Ekin-Su’s routine earlier that night, joining her disco skate as a shirtless mechanic, whom she snogged at the end of the skate. Alas, judge Jayne Torvill simply thought EastEnders star Patsy – who now resides in the States – had a ‘cleaner performance’, alongside Oti Mabuse and Ashley Banjo – who said both women should be proud of their skating performances. A visibly upset Ekin-Su said: ‘You put so much time… all the other work commitments I had, this was my priority, and I really gave everything to it. ‘I love it, I fell in love with the ice.’ Co-host Phillip said: ‘I think this is probably the most emotional skate-off we’ve ever had. ‘Please be really proud of what you did. Have a big lap of honour.’ It’s safe to say viewers were raging over the decision, taking to Twitter to voice their anger after Ekin-Su’s elimination. ‘Ekin I am SO PROUD of you babe, you have given us amazing dances and moments on the ice and you will never be forgotten. You truly gave it your all for it and we all saw it. This show NEVER deserved you and you didn’t deserve to leave tonight for sure’, wrote one fan. Another penned: ‘i’m actually in tears like??? what this show and its audience has done to ekin’s confidence is one of the saddest things i’ve ever seen, and it just didn’t have to be this way. she deserves so, so much better than this’, following Ofcom complaints in week one due to Ekin-Su’s skimpy outfits. ‘So sad for Ekin because she really wanted to prove herself and go far’, added another. Dancing On Ice continues Sunday on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Davide Sanclimenti almost drops Ekin-Su Culculogu while practising risky Dancing On Ice lift MORE : Ekin-Su Culculoglu insists she isn’t ‘backing off’ from sexy Dancing On Ice outfits after sparking Ofcom complaints 