Congratulations are in order for Karen Gillan, who on Tuesday confirmed she had married partner Nick Kocher – last year! The Marvel star managed to keep her big day pretty under wraps for nine months, and belatedly shared the news on Instagram. Alongside a carousel of photos she uploaded to the social media site, including a gorgeous one of herself in her bridal dress, she wrote: ‘Last May…’ Karen, 35, and writer and comedian Nick tied the knot in the actress’s native Scotland, opting for a ceremony at Dunoon’s Castle Toward. The former Doctor Who favourite, who relocated to Los Angeles back in 2012 and has since taken Hollywood by storm, opted for a gorgeous corseted white gown with a flowing train for the wedding, with matching white heels and a delicate diamante strap. In one snap she was seen posing looking over her shoulder in the impressive indoor surroundings of the venue. Meanwhile Nick wore traditional Scottish garb with a kilt and sporran in a nod to his bride’s heritage Sharing pictures from the day courtesy of photographer Holly Clark and wedding planner Sarah Haywood, Karen also gave a peek behind the scenes. In one photo, she was seen laughing while wrapped in a fluffy robe and her long hair flowing down around her shoulders. Another gave a glimpse at her bridal party and a picture of her dress hanging from the grand four poster bed’s frame. A candid black and white shot showed off the asymmetric hem of her gown as the bride turned away from the camera. Nick is known for his writing work on Saturday Night Live and It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia, as well as his stand-up double act BriTANicK with Brian Joseph McElhaney. In October, Karen dleighted fans by reuniting with her past Doctor Who co-stars Matt Smith and Arthur Darvill for Matt’s 40th birthday celebrations in Ecuador. While Matt doesn’t have social media, Karen shared a video of him making faces at the camera as they took off on a boat trip, as well as look at all the wildlife on the trip with the Charles Darwin Foundation. From 2010 until 2013 Matt played the 11th Doctor, while Karen and Arthur played his assistants, childhood sweethearts Amy Pond and Rory Williams. Matt was replaced by Peter Capaldi who became the 12th Doctor in 2014, since regenerating into Jodie Smith and back to 10th doctor David Tennant as part of the show’s special 60th anniversary celebrations. Sex Education star and new doctor Ncuti Gatwa and his companion Ruby Sunday, played by Millie Gibson, will make their debut later this year. Karen will next be seen as Nebula in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3, the final outing for Peter Quill and company, set to be released on May 5. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michelle Keegan and Mark Wright’s £3,500,000 Essex mansion features one of the most stylish kitchens of all time MORE : Riley Keough back at work to promote new series Daisy Jones and the Six weeks after mum Lisa Marie Presley’s death 