Sir Alex Ferguson has made it clear he believes Manchester United need to bring in a new striker this summer to share the goalscoring burden with Marcus Rashford. The England international netted the second of his side’s two goals in Sunday’s 2-0 win over Newcastle in the final of the Carabao Cup at Wembley, with the strike initially having been credited as a Sven Botman own goal. Rashford has now scored 17 goals in his last 19 appearances and has been one of the most in-form footballers in Europe. However, the club’s other forwards have been less successful; Anthony Martial has been perennially injured – and was sidelined for the trip to Wembley – while Wout Weghorst has only managed to net once since moving to Old Trafford. United have been heavily linked with a summer move for a proven goalscorer like Harry Kane or Victor Osimhen and Sir Alex believes another forward is much-needed. Asked about Rashford, the United legend told Sky Sports: ‘I don’t think he’s a striker, he operates really from the left-hand side. ‘But fantastic. His finishing is always good. He always keeps his shots down, which is really important for a striker. ‘He’s in a great vein of form and unfortunately for us he’s the main source of goals. We could do with an extra one, you know. But he’s doing it for us.’ Sunday’s victory at Wembley marks the first piece of silverware of Erik ten Hag’s reign so far and they are still competing in the Europa League and FA Cup, while a title charge is not beyond the realms of possibility either. Sir Alex has been enormously impressed with the way Ten Hag has stamped his mark on United, though he was also keen to underline the role assistant coach Steve McClaren has played behind the scenes. ‘United is based on success. He’s going the right way about it,’ the Scot continued. ‘The signings have been really good, I think that was important. And he’s got a grip of the club, which was really, really big for him. ‘You come to United, you try to get off to a good start right away and he’s done it well, he really has. ‘And I think for Erik he’s got Steve McClaren. And Steve was here with us for a few years, so that experience helps. And I think Steve played a big part.’ MORE : Gary Neville identifies the ‘unbelievable’ quality Erik ten Hag has at Manchester United MORE : ‘I like it’ – Roy Keane speaks out on Manchester United stars arguing after League Cup final victory For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 