Liam Fender reflected on his musical upbringing and his relationship with his famous brother Sam ahead of the release of his second single. The older brother of chart-topper Sam Fender stepped out from the shadows and debuted his first solo track Love Will Conquer last year. Following massive praise for the rising star’s handiwork, Liam’s treating fans to more ear candy with the release of Don’t Follow Me Down, an emotional song with an equally tear-jerking music video to match. Liam explained his creative process and unveiled the mechanisms of his relationship with Sam, including why the duo didn’t tackle the music industry as a pair. He began sharing with Metro.co.uk how he first discovered his love for music as a child growing up in North Shields: ‘I grew up in a musical household and from about the age of seven, I knew that music was something I wanted to do with my life. ‘Fast forward 30 years, I’ve done all sorts of work within the music industry really. I’ve worked as a session player and just sort of slogged away for a lot of years, just sort of doing what I do really. ‘In my late teens, early twenties was really when I got into songwriting and got interested in that. I think I always wanted to probably be in a band but I never found the right people at the right time. ‘I just found it as a way to express myself and really got into it then and wrote some terrible songs. Gradually, as the years have gone on hopefully they’ve got a bit better!’ The singer-songwriter went on to address his bond with his hitmaker brother and shared why they haven’t made music together. ‘There’s like nearly nine years between the two of us, so you know, when I was in my teens playing in bands and starting out and writing my own music, he was quite young. ‘So it was never really on the radar that we would do that really, I guess.’ Watching his brother climb the charts, Liam was offered a glimpse at the behind-the-scenes of global fame and admitted it taught him not to ‘take anything for granted’. He shared: ‘I’ve got a great team of people around me that believe in what I’m doing and want to move it forward. ‘I mean really it’s just about the music to me. I live a very normal, pretty standard life and I have no intention to change that. ‘It’s how you decide to embrace it. I think everybody deals with it differently and I think the trick is not to take it too seriously.’ Ahead of his latest track’s release, the artist explained the meaning behind the heartfelt lyrics. ‘I’ve always been quite reluctant to say what a song’s about because I think it’s quite important for the listener to decide that for themselves. ‘Everybody has their own interpretation of the song but it’s certainly thematically to do with desperation and sort of struggling and putting on a front, I guess. ‘The video takes up on that with the clown and the idea that a lot of people do it as you go through life you’re putting on a front a lot of the time. ‘It’s actually coming to realise that it’s not just you, it tends to be most people.’ Don’t Follow Me Down is available to stream now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Fender leaves North Shields pub-goers in awe as he performs new single at buskers night MORE : Sam Fender thanks man who ‘saved his life’ by ‘p***ing on his tent to put out fire’ at Leeds Festival 10 years ago 