Declan Rice revealed West Ham targeted two Chelsea players in their efforts to rescue a point in Saturday’s London derby against West Ham. The visitors took a deserved lead in the 16th minute when Joao Felix, back from a three-game ban, scored his first goal for his new club following a January loan move from Atletico Madrid. All of Chelsea’s early good work was undone just 12 minutes later, however, when Vladimir Coufal was allowed time and space to craft a cross that was flicked on by Jarod Bowen and converted at the far post by Emerson Palmieri. Speaking after the game, Rice detailed how the Hammers had noted the lack of defensive cover provided by Chelsea’s wide players, Mykhailo Mudryk and Noni Madueke, and forced their equaliser as a result of that weakness. He told Stadium Astro: ‘With the team they put out they started really sharply, really quickly. They had some really, really good players on show. ‘It took us a little while to get going and adapt to their system. But once we found out their weakness, getting the ball down the sides of them and realised their wingers weren’t really tracking back. ‘We managed to get the goal from that and exploit that. The last 20 minutes was there for us and we could have nicked it.’ Despite two more dropped points, Felix’s performance represented a real source of encouragement for Chelsea and their under-fire manager, while Rice admitted he and his teammates struggled to get to grips with the movement of the Portugal international. ‘I’ve played against a lot of midfielders and No.10s and the first 10 or 15 minutes today as a player you know a top player,’ he said. ‘The way he worked from side to side to get on the ball and find space he’s an unbelievable player. ‘I noticed that straight away. You have to be really on your game with players like him.’ MORE : Graham Potter sends message to Chelsea fans who cheered Marc Cucurella substitution MORE : ‘Great save!’ – Rio Ferdinand and Joe Cole mock decision not to award Chelsea a penalty after West Ham handball For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 