Freezing fog has blanketed the English capital today, with a yellow weather warning issued. People in London have been told to brave for travel disruption until 11am due to reduced visibility. The Met Office says commuters could face slower journey times with potential delays to bus and train services. There is also a chance of further delays or cancellations to flights, the forecaster warned. London City Airport has already been forced to push back several flights, to locations such as Amsterdam. And British Airways services to the likes of Dusseldorf, Rotterdam and Florence have been cancelled. London City Airport tweeted: ‘Due to the current adverse weather conditions please check your flights before arriving at the Airport, as we are currently experiencing several delays and cancellations.’ Yesterday, a similar blanket of freezing fog had led to 23 flights being cancelled at the airport. Bosses had again urged passengers to check with their airline before travelling. Temperatures dropped to -2°C in London last night, as the cold snap continues to grip the nation. The drop is down to high-pressure easterly wind from continental Europe blocking wet and windy weather from the Atlantic, resulting in cooler temperatures. Although the Met Office has not officially predicted snow, a spokesperson told Metro.co.uk there is a 15% chance South East areas could see white stuff towards the latter part of this week. Earlier this year, the first fog of 2023 saw thousands of people facing cancellations at Heathrow, as more than 80 British Airways flights were grounded due to the weather. Freezing fog is typically seen on winter days when there are clear skies, calm winds and when the temperature is below freezing. According to the UK Met Office, it forms in the same way as normal fog – when the land cools overnight under clear skies. As it does so, the heat radiates upwards into space, cooling the earth’s surface. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.