Ronnie O’Sullivan is still bidding to win a fifth Welsh Open title, despite having problems with his cue to the extent that he offered to forfeit his match with Rod Lawler on Wednesday night. The Rocket has been having issues with his tip, which flew off the end of his cue twice during a second round win over Ross Muir, with the world champion having to go backstage and have it glued back on. The problem has not been resolved properly and it fell off again during the match with Lawler and O’Sullivan has lost confidence in his cue as a result. The world number one went on to win the match 4-0 nonetheless, but he admitted afterwards that he offered to concede the game to avoid any more interruptions for him to fix the faulty tip. “I did say to Rod, you can have the match when I was 2-0 up,’ O’Sullivan told Eurosport. ‘I said to (tournament director) Paul (Collier), there is no point me keep having to come up here and putting the tips on. I am happy to give the match to Rod. ‘I don’t think Rod wanted to play either to be honest. I felt for Rod. He is a good lad. ‘I will send the cue away and get it done. It needs a new ferrule. Hopefully it will be ready for Thailand (Six Reds World Championship) and the other important tournaments for me. ‘My cue, every shot I am playing I think the tip will fall off. I am surprised it didn’t fall off in a couple of blacks that I played in that last frame. ‘I was expecting to see the tip roll across the table. It will come off again. I will try to stick it on again. There is nothing else you can do.’ O’Sullivan made breaks of 100, 52 and 58 to beat Lawler despite the tip trouble, so it is not completely disastrous for his game, but it is far from helpful. He next faces Belgian teenager Ben Mertens in the last 16 after the 18-year-old impressively beat Dave Gilbert 4-3 on Wednesday night. The Welsh Open is played down to just eight players remaining on Thursday, with the four quarter-finals played on Friday in Llandudno. MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan admits doubt over Welsh Open campaign after tip troubles in controversial win MORE : ‘What have you done with your barnet?’ Ronnie O’Sullivan baffled by Dominic Dale’s new hairdo For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 