Vanessa Feltz had stated she wouldn’t allow her shock split from fiance Ben Ofoedu to ‘defeat’ her, and it looks like she’s kept her word. The TV personality, 60, confirmed this week that her relationship with Ben, 50, who she became engaged to in 2006, was over. They had been together for 16 years. Their relationship was recently hit by infidelity claims, with Vanessa reportedly discovering social media messages between Ben and other women. In an Instagram video, Vanessa shared an honest and vulnerable update with her followers admitting she was ‘incredibly sad,’ ‘pretty disappointed and shocked.’ Meanwhile, Ben has kept silent on the matter, before he took to Instagram himself on Monday where he finally appeared to address the break-up. Unlike Vanessa’s laying everything on the table in her social media post, Ben’s was far more subdued, as he simply posted a cartoon image of a broken heart to his Instagram stories. And while Vanessa is sure to still be hurting, she looked on top of the world as she headed out to Brunch this week with a massive smile on her face. The TalkTV host was snapped striding confidently down the street in London, dressed in an all-black outfit except for a white collar on her long-sleeved dress. But while she may have been dressed as though she is in mourning, her face told a different story as she beamed brilliantly for the camera, her arms swinging by her side in a relaxed fashion. Capitalising on the warmer weather London has enjoyed after a seriously long and cold winter, Vanessa at one point discarded her coat, and protected her eyes from the brilliant sunshine with dark glasses. As well as happily smiling for shots, Vanessa also threw two big thumbs up indicating she was feeling right as rain. Vanessa confirmed the split with a heart-wrenching video last week where she told followers: ‘Well, I haven’t been on Instagram for three weeks and that’s because my relationship with Ben is over after 16 years and I honestly didn’t know what to say to you on Instagram. ‘But now it’s clear that it’s over and I really do feel that once the trust in a relationship is gone you really can’t get it back, and that’s what I’d tell anyone else to do.’ The presenter added: ‘So I just wanted to say, obviously I feel incredibly sad, and I’m pretty disappointed and shocked and all those horrible things. ‘But also full of resolve. Because I’m not going to let this defeat me. I’m so glad to be living longer than my mum did. Vanessa bravely concluded: ‘She died at 57 and I’m going to be 61 next month. So I feel very grateful to be alive and I want to carry on feeling that way and I want to celebrate and I want to find fun and laughter anywhere I can and I know it’s not going to be easy but I’m absolutely determined to do it.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vanessa Feltz and Ben Ofoedu’s relationship timeline as couple split after 16 years MORE : Vanessa Feltz ‘shocked’ after split from fiancé Ben Ofoedu but reveals ‘trust was gone’ in emotional video 