Paris Hilton has undergone further IVF treatment as she hopes to have a daughter. The 42-year-old hotel heiress announced she’d become a first time mum last month after welcoming a baby boy named Phoenix with her husband Carter Reum via surrogate, and now she has revealed she wants to add a girl to her brood. The couple have since gone back to their doctor in a bid to create female embryos. In an interview with Glamour magazine, she explained: ‘We’ve done it [the IVF process] seven times… I have all boys [embryos]. I have 20 boys.’ She then revealed the latest round of IVF took place earlier this year and they are waiting to see if it has been successful. Paris added: ‘I just went through the process again a month ago, so I’m waiting for the results to see if there’s any girls.’ In the interview Paris went on to explain why she decided to use a surrogate mother to carry her son – insisting she’s terrified of giving birth after watching a woman go through labour while filming her reality show The Simple Life. She said: ‘I’m just so scared… When I was in The Simple Life, I had to be in a room when a woman was giving birth and that traumatised me as well. But I want a family so bad, it’s just the physical part of doing it. ‘I’m just so scared… childbirth and death are the two things that scare me more than anything in the world.’ Paris and Carter announced the birth of their baby boy last month, and she wrote on Instagram at the time: ‘You are already loved beyond words.’ The couple had kept things ‘private’ when it came to the surrogacy journey, and she was glad to be able to have some just for them instead of instantly sharing it with the world. ‘I felt my life has been so public, I really wanted to keep it private,’ she said. ‘Of course, it was hard not to tell anyone, because it’s such an exciting time. But I also loved being able to share this with just Carter.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paris Hilton claims Harvey Weinstein followed her into bathroom as teenager: ‘It scared me’ MORE : Paris Hilton named her son Phoenix – here’s some more city baby names to inspire you  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 