Jack Lisowski says it’s an honour to be compared to ‘absolute legend’ Jimmy White, but will be all business when they meet in the German Masters on Thursday night. At 60 years old White is enjoying his best form for some years and three wins in the German Masters has taken him into the last 16 where he will face Lisowski. The 31-year-old Jackpot is in fine form himself and will be a clear favourite to beat a man nearly twice his age, but will be looking forward to face someone he considers an all-time great. ‘I’d say growing up he was always the people’s champion and one of the most popular players, so I’m always a bit…star struck I guess when I see him. He’s a legend,’ said Lisowski after beating Zhang Anda in the last 32 in Berlin. ‘I’ve played him a few times as a professional and we’ve had some good games. ‘I think it’s really good for the game that he’s playing, his form is picking up and having a legend like him on tour is good, more people like watching because of him. ‘He contributed to making snooker what it is today, he’s an absolute legend. ‘It’ll be a special occasion but it’s all business at the end of the day, my game’s really improving.’ With both men free-flowing, attacking left-handers, Lisowski has been likened to the Whirlwind at times and he is very happy to hear it. ‘It’s an honour to be compared to Jimmy because everyone likes watching him, he plays the game the right way,’ said the world number 12. ‘People have told me I remind them of Jimmy White, both left-handed, I guess we play entertaining snooker, so it’s an honour, one of the all-time greats.’ The German Masters field is not the strongest this year as a string of top 16 players fell in qualifying, Ronnie O’Sullivan withdrew and two more top 16 stars are suspended as part of the sport’s match-fixing scandal. As a result, Lisowski is one of the favourites for the tournament and many are tipping him to claim his first ranking title on Sunday night in Berlin. He admits that he has noticed that chatter online, but is certainly not getting ahead of himself as he heads into the last 16, despite an impressive 5-0 win over Zhang on Wednesday. ‘I do look at it, I’d be lying if I said I didn’t,’ said Lisowski of being tipped for the title. ‘But anyone left in the tournament is capable of playing world class snooker, so there’s no way I can go in and think “I can just turn up and win” that’s not going to happen. ‘If I’m going to win this tournament I’ve got to play as good as ever, so it’s the same sort of challenge in front of me as any other tournament. Got to win seven games, three down, four left. ‘If people want to say it’s a great chance for me then that’s nice, but I’ve got four really hard games left.’ White beat Mark Joyce and Martin Gould in qualifying before downing Peng Yisong 5-1 in the last 32 on Wednesday when he became the first player in their 60s to reach the last 16 of a ranking event since Eddie Charlton at the 1992 British Open (thanks to Dave Hendon for that stat). The veteran is loving his recent resurgence, which also saw him make the last 32 of the UK Championship and will relish trying to hit the Jackpot on Thursday night. ‘I’m really looking forward to it,’ he said. ‘I love Jack’s style of play. He is fantastic to watch. This is the perfect arena for me to face a young gun like Jack.’ Lisowski and White play at 7pm UK time live on Eurosport on Thursday 2 February. MORE : German Masters ‘weakened’ but opportunity knocks as big names miss out MORE : Chris Wakelin sends emotional message after winning Snooker Shoot Out with stunning high break For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 