Seconds after Winter Love Island 2023 bombshell Claudia Fogarty made her dramatic entrance into the villa, the boys’ jaws dropped as she sauntered over them for the heart-racing lap dance challenge. However, one boy had a particularly strong reaction, leading some fans to suspect that he could have a prior connection to the newcomer from outside the villa. As Claudia, 28, strutted over to the firepit, Tom, 23, initially whooped alongside the rest of the islanders. However, as the boutique brand owner came closer, his smile left his face as he uttered: ‘Oh f**k.’ Some viewers reckon his reaction is evidence that he must know Claudia already, and perhaps that they have a romantic past. It wouldn’t be the first time exes have crossed paths in the villa, as one fan tweeted straight after witnessing the moment: ‘Tom defo knows the new girl from somewhere.’ ‘Okay why do I feel like Tom knows Claudia from his reaction,’ someone else remarked, while another wrote: ‘Tom what’s wrong have you dated the new girl?’ Someone else said that it was ‘giving ex-girlfriend vibes’, while another tweeted a row of cry-laughing emojis over Tom’s gobsmacked reaction. If Claudia does turn out to already know Tom, and perhaps be a former flame of his, it definitely would be a spanner in the works for his tumultuous Love Island journey. Tom has been drawn in all sorts of directions from the start of his time on the show, flitting from Olivia Hawkins to Zara Lackenby-Brown, back to Olivia while secretly kissing Ellie Spence, and then recently forging a connection with Samie Elishi. Having previously admitted he wants a drama-free time, is that hope going to be dashed once again? Tonight’s episode of Love Island cut out before viewers could watch Claudia dance for the boys, and before fans found out which boys and girls set everyone’s pulses racing the most. With no teaser for Wednesday night’s episode, audiences are just going to have to be patient to watch the drama unfold… as hard as that might be. Love Island returns tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans disgusted by Ron Hall asking Tanyel Revan ‘to spoon’ after getting back together with Lana Jenkins MORE : Love Island fans question power of Hideaway after Jessie Wynter and Will Young become second couple to have sex in 2023 series 