In a flash, everything changes. Those are the words that have kept us awake at night over the past few weeks, ever since BBC One’s continuity announcer uttered them on the end of EastEnders’ trailer, which teased a life-changing outing of the soap. The moment we’ve all been waiting for, however, is finally here, with the groundbreaking and must-see episode of the legendary serial drama set to air on Monday February 20. A lock-in at the Vic proves shocking for six of Walford’s most iconic women, with ramifications set to last the entire year, so whatever you do, make a note to watch this one LIVE. Trust us, it’s worth it. The other soaps have plenty to offer during the week in question too, with Emmerdale lining up a death trauma for Bernice Blackstock and Bob Hope on the day of the B&B opening, while Coronation Street sees vile Stephen Reid drug Carla Connor – again! Hollyoaks, meanwhile, sees Juliet Nightingale make a huge decision following a shock arrest, while Warren Fox suffers another health setback. For a more-detailed look at what’s coming up this week (February 20 to 24), look no further, as Metro.co.uk has hand-picked the top 10 must-see moments to whet your appetite until all the soapy drama kicks off. The biggest, most must-see moment of the week is undoubtedly EastEnders’ game-changing outing, which kick off the week in a truly explosion fashion. With the evening having proven eventful for all of them, a number of Walford’s women settle in for a lock-in on Monday (February 20), where they bond over their shared experiences and moan about the men in their lives. What soon becomes apparent, however, is that – in a flash – everything can change. For ALL of this week’s EastEnders spoilers, click here. David learns that Max has been attacked and he subsequently drowns his sorrows, before leaning in for a drunken kiss with Maria, who orders him to go home. Maria relays the incident to Gary, who finds David and Shona in the Rovers and spills the beans, leaving Shona mortified as she hurries away – before later telling David that she’s leaving him! For ALL of this week’s Corrie spoilers, click here. It’s opening day for the B&B, but Bernice’s attention is elsewhere as she spends the night with Tim, the harpist she’s booked to play for the big day. Tim, however, fails to show up to the event, and Bob is forced to explain to her that he’s found him dead! For ALL of this week’s Corrie spoilers, click here. Fed up of everyone constantly fussing over her, Juliet decides to head out to party at The Loft with new pals Lacey and Rayne. Peri, meanwhile, gets wind of what’s going on and makes beeline for The Loft, much to the horror of Juliet, who makes it her mission to keep the party going for as long as she can. But things take a turn when a piece of Juliet’s hair falls out, with Rayne offering her support. For a more detailed look at this week’s Hollyoaks, check out our new spoiler picture gallery. Linda’s world is turned upside down when she receives a photo of Shirley in the company of rapist Dean, which was forwarded to her by Carly. The discovery leaves the landlady devastated, as she retreats to the hallway and breaks down, with Kathy subsequently stepping in to console her, with the two discussing what they’ve both been through in the past. Stephen takes shocking action to keep Carla away from work, turning up at her home and spiking her glass of water, leaving her feeling woozy and disoriented. Peter decides to call the doctor, worried sick about Carla. Marshall insists once more that he and Arthur simply can’t be friends, leaving Laurel to comfort her son. Arthur, meanwhile, turns to Jacob to help him prepare for his LGBTQ+ event. Warren collapses in pain, with Peri later speculating that his body could be rejecting his new liver. Devastated at the prospect of losing her son, Norma turns to Misbah, claiming that Warren’s potential liver rejection is a sign that her son doesn’t want her in his life, revealing a huge secret in the process. Denise struggles to resist Ravi, who goes out of his way to spend time with her, before apologising and trying to make things right. That is, until he asks her to spend the night with him at a hotel and, after a passionate kiss behind the Vic, Denise agrees to do just that! Daisy is bombarded by messages from Justin, with Daniel resolving to report the incident to the police. PC Scott, however, plays the whole thing down and begins to like all of Daisy’s holiday snaps, much to her horror. Justin, meanwhile, has a bouquet of flowers in hand. Daisy approaches, destroying the bouquet before punching him – after he lays a hand on her. Justin accuses Daisy of assault, as she is taken to the station. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : Everything shatters! 34 EastEnders spoiler pictures reveal huge twists in game-changing week as lives destroyed forever MORE : Deaths, exits and killer caught: Soap spoiler preview for Coronation Street, EastEnders, Emmerdale and Hollyoaks