Jeremy Clarkson has responded to backlash after telling a dyslexic man to ‘learn to spell.’ The Clarkson’s Farm star, 62, found himself subjected to backlash this week following the latest episode of the Amazon Prime show. In the clip, the former Top Gear host walks out of a meeting about planning permission to extend his Diddly Squat farm, telling barrister Charles Streeten ‘learn to spell’ as he walked past him. Streeten then released an open letter speaking about growing up dyslexic and how he had always felt like he had ‘failed’ when he struggled at school – but went on to have a successful career. Clarkson was hit with criticism from viewers and urged to apologise for the jibe. He has now responded with a statement where he says he would not have included the moment in the series had he known of Streeten’s dyslexia, but did not offer an apology. In a statement to The Times, where the open letter was published, he said: ‘It’s great that Mr Streeten has overcome his dyslexia to such an extent that he’s able to send such a well-spelt letter from Jamaica. ‘It’s just a shame he chose not to mention his learning difficulty when we met at the planning meeting more than a year ago. ‘Because if he had, the exchange would not have been televised.’ During the meeting about wanting to expand his Diddly Squat farm, Clarkson is believed to have gone through a council officer’s report written by Streeten and made ‘disparaging remarks’ about the written responses. In Streeten’s letter, he wrote: ‘Learn to spell. Well, I’ve certainly tried. ‘When you muttered those words to me you couldn’t have known how many times I’ve heard them. But to a dyslexic, it’s a familiar phrase.’ He shared how ‘no matter’ how hard he worked or ‘stowed the list of words beneath my pillow, when the time came to be tested, I simply could not put the letters in order with certainty.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Jeremy Clarkson for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson under fire from dyslexic lawyer he mocked and told ‘learn to spell’ MORE : Oxfordshire council hits back at Jeremy Clarkson over Diddly Squat planning permission insisting farm gets no special treatment 