A boy has been detained for life for murdering a shopper in the toilets of an Asda store. The 15-year-old was found guilty of stabbing Ian Kirwan to death after a 10-week trial. The software engineer was attacked near the supermarket in Redditch on March 8, 2022, after challenging some boys for ‘messing about’ in the customer toilets. Birmingham Crown Court was told the victim was knifed in the heart by the boy – then aged 14 – who was acting as a part of a masked gang which ‘terrorised’ the public. The youngster, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been detained for a minimum of 14 years. Previously, Metro.co.uk reported that Mr Kirwan had gone to B&Q to purchase a replacement light switch, before going into Asda to buy some wine and snacks. There, the 53-year-old encountered four boys, aged between 14 and 16, who had entered the store with their hoods up and faces covered. The trial heard one of them had been bragging about urinating on the floor while another banged on Mr Kirwan’s cubicle door to get him to hurry up. After a row with the gang, the 14-year-old delivered the single fatal blow to the victim’s chest with the knife. In a victim personal statement read to court today, hiss wife Lyndsey Blythe said: ‘Ian was my rock, my soulmate, my husband. Ian didn’t deserve to die.’ Jurors cleared the three other youths of murder and manslaughter, but they found them guilty of violent disorder. The older boy had also previously admitted having the 12-inch kitchen knife used for the fatal attack. All were handed youth rehabilitation orders. Sentencing the killer, Mr Justice Fraser, told him: ‘Mr Kirwan’s murder is a tragedy and so utterly senseless it defies description. ‘It is also a stark reminder if society were to need one of the danger of young people carrying knives with them as a matter of routine.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.