Erik ten Hag has suggested that Luke Shaw will once again start at centre-back when Manchester United face Barcelona on Thursday evening. United travel to the Camp Nou for the first leg of their Europa League knockout tie in what is sure to be an epic tie between two of the most in-form teams in Europe. But the Red Devils will be without one of their most pivotal players for the big clash, with Lisandro Martinez missing out through suspension. Speculation therefore turns as to what centre-back pairing Ten Hag will choose, with Raphael Varane, Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof all available. But in recent weeks, the manager has preferred to deploy left-back Shaw in the left-centre-back position, with the 27-year-old surprising many with his great performances there across various games including the Manchester derby win. And while Ten Hag tried to play things close to his chest regarding his team selection he did hint that the England international will be playing there again against Barcelona. Asked about Martinez’s absence in his pre-match press conference, the Dutchman said: ‘We have many options I think to sort it out. ‘We can use Luke as a full-back and centre-back. We saw at the weekend [in the 2-0 win at Leeds] he did both. We can choose by game what we prefer.’ Shaw was also at the press conference but admitted he did not know yet where he would playing, saying: ‘To be honest, I’m not sure yet, we will have to wait until the teams are named. ‘Yeah, it’s a big game and one we’re all looking forward to. I think it’s going to be a big test, it will show us where we are. We’re ready for it.’ Shaw endured a difficult start to the season, losing his place in the team to Tyrell Malacia, but has recovered his form to become a key player under Ten Hag. ‘I think not just myself but the team in the first two games was nowhere near where we should be,’ he added. ‘We’ve learned from that and grown as a team and I think it’s showing in our performances. The manager has been really good, he’s shown a lot of trust in me and I want to repay that with my performances.’ MORE : UEFA give green light to Qatari takeover of Manchester United MORE : Sergio Aguero makes Barcelona v Manchester United prediction ahead of Europa League clash For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 