Thierry Henry has issued a rallying cry to Arsenal after their deflating defeat to Premier League title rivals Manchester City. Arsenal’s title hopes were dealt a major blow on Wednesday night as Man City clinched a 3-1 win at the Emirates Stadium to go top of the table. Bukayo Saka’s penalty on the stroke of half-time cancelled out Kevin de Bruyne’s inventive opener but Manchester City were the better team after the break and put the game to bed through Jack Grealish and Erling Haaland. Arsenal have been top for much of the season but must now go about chasing down the defending champions, although they will reclaim their position if they win their game in hand. Gunners legend Henry has urged Arsenal to keep their ‘composure’ after the Man City setback and show Pep Guardiola’s side they are still title contenders, starting at Aston Villa this weekend. Speaking on CBS Sports, Henry said: ‘They came to your place and beat you – can you know show that you can respond? ‘Since the beginning of the season Man City was responding to what you were doing. Now, can you keep your composure? ‘Go to Aston Villa and rectify that straight away at the weekend and show you can be with them all the way and try to do something at their ground, because now it’s going to be very difficult. ‘Just stay calm. You lost against a great team today, we mentioned they had Foden and Akanji come on – do you have the same bench at Arsenal? I’m not too sure, but keep your composure, you lost that one it doesn’t mean now that everything now has to go in the bin. ‘Keep your composure and go and rectify that game against Villa and see what you can do – you still have a game in hand, but now it’s going to be tough though.’ Arsenal have now won just two of their last six Premier League games following a shock defeat to Everton earlier in the month and a 1-1 draw at home to Brentford before the Man City clash. Henry, who won two Premier League titles at Arsenal, added: I wish we had more points, the Brentford game was massive also. It was always going to happen in a season where you’re not going to win maybe two or three games. ‘You fall so now you’ve got to stand on your feet after that along the way, so hopefully we can do that but Man City are used to that type of role and that type of battle for the title.’ While Arsenal visit Unai Emery’s Aston Villa on Saturday, Manchester City return to action against Nottingham Forest. MORE : Kevin de Bruyne brutally mocks Arsenal fans after Man City move top MORE : Mikel Arteta fumes at Arsenal mistakes after defeat to Manchester City For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 