Manchester United legend Roy Keane has praised Erik ten Hag for ridding the club of ‘energy sappers’ like Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard. The pair were two of six high profile players that left the club last summer, with Edinson Cavani, Nemanja Matic, Juan Mata and Lee Grant departing at the end of their contracts. United had a bloated squad under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and the dressing room eventually turned on the Norwegian, despite his popularity with the players. Ten Hag was keen to cleanse the dressing room but he decided to keep Cristiano Ronaldo, despite his desire to leave last summer. The 37-year-old eventually left the club just three months into the season after he gave a controversial interview to Piers Morgan, in which he said he had ‘no respect’ for Ten Hag. United’s form since terminating Ronaldo’s contract has been superb and the side booked their spot in the Carabao Cup final with a comprehensive 5-0 aggregate win against Nottingham Forest on Wednesday. And Keane believes the decision to get rid of ‘energy sappers’ last summer has paid dividends for Ten Hag, who has restored a winning mentality to the club. ‘When the manager came in, United were rock bottom and we had to talk about the recruitment, but what I think was key as well was the five or six players that left,’ Keane told Sky Sports. ‘I’m not knocking all these players, Pogba, Mata, Matic, Jesse Lingard, lads who’d been around and knew they were leaving. They knew they’d be leaving and their contracts were up for most of them and I think that wasn’t helping. ‘There definitely feels around the club a new energy, the new manager has put a few markers down after a bad to start to the season, and that momentum and that feel good factor is back at the club. The energy levels are different. ‘I think that’s helped (Ronaldo’s departure) the manager and the club. No one wanted that to be hanging over the second half of the season and it should have been dealt with in the summer. That whole Ronaldo situation, he obviously wasn’t going to sit on the bench and be happy with it. ‘They’ve now dealt with it and now it’s not hanging over the club anymore. But also the other five or six lads that left, Cavani another one. ‘Those who were fringe players, coming off the bench, and when they were coming on they weren’t bringing anything because they felt they should have been starting. ‘Those subs and fringe players have to come on and be ready, where as the fringe players last year, you just felt they were energy-sappers.’ MORE : Bruno Fernandes learned trick he showed off in Carabao Cup semi-final from Chelsea flop Ricardo Quaresma MORE : Why Arsenal decided against recalling Folarin Balogun from his Reims loan spell For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 