Blue star Lee Ryan has apologised to fans for missing their messages and requests as he has been ‘travelling and living life.’ The Breathe Easy singer, 39, was this year found guilty of the racially aggravated assault of a Black female flight attendant and is soon due to be sentenced. Ryan has now said he has been off ‘living life’ as he apologised to fans who had tried to get in touch with him on video-sharing platform Cameo in recent weeks. The site allows fans of celebrities to pay money in order to get a personalised video clip from them, with Ryan’s videos going for £125 a pop. This week the singer shared a video to his profile, his first in a while, greeting followers by acknowledging he hasn’t ‘been on here in so long’. ‘I’m so sorry if I’ve missed all of your requests, I’ve been travelling and living life so I suppose I haven’t really been looking at the app, I’m so sorry,’ he said. ‘If you’ve sent me any messages that I’ve missed, send them again and I’ll do my best to fulfil your every need.’ He finished: ‘Lots of love and god bless to you all and I hope to see you soon.’ Ealing Magistrates’ Court heard this year that the 39-year-old told a Black female cabin crew member: ‘I want your chocolate children,’ and asked her to kiss him while he was drunk on a British Airways flight from Glasgow to London on July 31 last year. In court, Ryan insisted: ‘I’m not racist,’ saying that it was ‘drunk banter’ on the flight and there was ‘no malice or intention to upset anyone’. In August last year, it was reported that the musician had been arrested following ‘disruptive behaviour’ on the flight when he was allegedly not served alcohol. He was found guilty in court of being drunk on an aircraft, assaulting a police officer by biting him, racially aggravated common assault by beating and behaving in an abusive way towards the cabin crew member. The flight attendant, who has not been named, took to the stand in court and said he had called her his ‘chocolate darling,’ ‘chocolate cookie,’ and said he wanted to have her ‘chocolate children.’ The witness claimed that Ryan said to her: ‘Before I get off this plane I need a kiss from you,’ as he approached her from behind, and allegedly grabbed her by her wrists. When Ryan took to the stand, he became tearful and referred to his Blue bandmate Simon Webbe as he said: ‘I’m sorry. My band member is Black, I’m not racist, I’ve had Black girlfriends, mixed-race girlfriends. ‘It was banter, just drunk banter I suppose, there was no malice or intention to upset anyone.’ He continued: ‘I didn’t mean to cause any distress to anyone or be racist, it was just a poor choice of words I suppose.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Blue singer Lee Ryan found guilty of racially aggravated assault of Black flight attendant MORE : Blue’s Lee Ryan tearfully tells court ‘I’m not racist’ as he recalls drinking bottle of port and calling Black flight attendant ‘chocolate chip cookie’ in assault trial 