Mercury and Pluto are entangled today – but how will it affect your star sign? Virgo, if your self-confidence in yourself has taken a hit, then the current merger of celestial influences could leave you wondering what’s next. Meanwhile Scorpio, analytical Mercury’s tie to Pluto may encourage you to think your way out of a situation, even though this might not have helped in the past. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 10, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Your perception of the current situation could make a big difference to the way that you deal with it. With Mercury and Pluto entangled in an intense aspect, you may realize that something needs to change. And whether you make this decision or are pushed into it, the knowledge can arise that difficult though it is, this can only lead to something better. Don’t hold back, Aries! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 It’s time to set free something that has naturally come to an end, as by doing so you’ll finally be able to do things and go places that you have dreamed of for some time. If you are mentally or emotionally attached though, it might not be so easy. And yet with potent Pluto inspiring a transformation, taking the first step can give you the courage to positively embrace the new. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Trying to stop something already in motion may be a waste of time. No matter how much you want things to stay as they are, the current line-up suggests change may be unavoidable. The more you resist, the more difficult a key issue could become. If you can summon the courage to let go, you might wonder why you held on for so long Gemini, as things shift to the positive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You are stronger than you realise Cancer, and this may be shown over coming days when an intense blend of energies in your sector of relating, can bring a crucial issue to a head. You also have far more control than you think. And any decisions you make may also be the cause of positive transformation in a key relationship. What would be the best outcome? Aim for this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Venus in Pisces may have encouraged you to listen to your feelings. If you do, you can be guided to release something that no longer works. This might be the moment of truth, when you can’t put this matter off any longer. And deep down, you likely know this. Whether it’s a job or an ongoing situation that is draining, determine that from here on the only way is up, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 If your confidence in yourself has diminished, then the current merger of celestial influences, involving Mercury and Pluto, can leave you wondering what’s next. Been through difficulties regarding a romance or key project? If so, you may feel you can go no further along your present path. Nevertheless, with a shift in perspective Virgo, a new way will be found, and soon too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 When life is at its most intense, your emotions can act as a catalyst leading to a breakthrough.  This is the situation you could find yourself in over coming days. A matter that needs a solution can reach a point where you become very determined to find answers, no matter what it takes. This could lead to fresh decisions regarding home or property matters, and very necessary ones. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Analytical Mercury’s tie to Pluto, can encourage you to think your way out of a situation, even though this might not have helped in the past. If matters have reached fever pitch, it’s possible that a decision that seems rational may or may not be your best move. Trusting your instincts might be helpful too Scorpio, as key strands could be too tangled to unravel with your mind alone. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 It may be time to think the unthinkable, and embrace the solution that you have resisted for some while. And yet going through with it could work out well for you. Take things step-by-step Archer, and test the ground as you go, and you could find that matters gradually click into place. It might require a leap of faith, but slowly things can ease for you once dedicated action is taken. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 If you’ve reached the point of no return regarding a certain issue, then this may be a reason to feel more positive. A matter that seemed impossible to deal with could suddenly yield, revealing a way out. It may be that the intensity you feel gives way to a decision to relax your grip, and in doing so, the right steps will reveal themselves. Perhaps not right away, but over coming days. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 With high-powered energies merging in a deeply spiritual zone, you may feel that certain changes are now within your reach. This can encourage you forward, even if you’re dealing with a matter that has proved uncomfortable in so many ways. If things have reached a peak in this regard, something can stir within you that inspires you to reach for the new and release the old. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Current energies may be testing, but are also pushing you to take the next step along your life path. If you’ve felt limited and hemmed in by the company you keep, the coming days and weeks can see you eager to connect with those who are truly on your wavelength. These are the people who will cheer you on without fail, and help you accomplish your brightest dreams Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 5 to February 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023