We’re about to see Ben Stiller in a whole new way when he takes on the role of playing three brothers in the TV adaptation of the shocking documentary Three Identical Strangers. The 2018 film told the story of Edward Galland, David Kellman, and Robert Shafran, a set of identical triplet brothers who were adopted as babies by separate families. It recounted how the brothers discovered each other’s existence in 1980 when they were 19 years old, but how it was later revealed that they had been part of an undisclosed scientific ‘nature versus nurture’ study. Nominated in the Best Documentary category at the 2019 Baftas, it was one of the 15 films that made the shortlist for the Academy Award for best documentary that year. Now Ben, 57, is set to take on playing all three brothers as their story gets the small screen treatment. Variety has reported that Stiller is in the final negotiations to play real-life triplets and executive produce the miniseries. It is set to be written by Amy Lippman (Party of Five) and produced by Sony Pictures Television along with SK Global and TriStar Television. This will be Ben’s first TV role in front of the camera in six years, after he’s spent the past several focusing on producing and directing series’ such as 2022’s Severance. While it might sound pretty similar to The Parent Trap, this real-life story had a much darker result. After the chance meeting by two of the brothers, which saw the triplets eventually reunited, their incredible story saw them become the focus of many human-interest stories. However, their mental health started to deteriorate upon finding out about their forced separation, which lead to one of them taking his own life in 1995. After the release of the documentary Bobby said how he believed they were treated as ‘lab rats’ instead of human beings. Three Identical Strangers is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Steve Martin throws shade at ‘nepo baby’ Ben Stiller in Pepsi Super Bowl ad MORE : Ben Stiller and Sean Penn permanently banned from Russia after support of Ukraine  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 