A seriously neglected dog, who was covered in fleas and nearly bald from the waist down, has found a new loving home. Bobby, aged 13, was found with an untreated flea problem that his rescuers say is the ‘worst they’ve seen’ on a single animal. The poor pooch was saved from his previous home by inspector Anthony Joynes after he was called to check on the welfare of the terrier cross at an address in Birkenhead last week. Bobby’s owner said they could no longer care for their dog due to a change in circumstances, and were considering putting him to sleep. Thankfully, Bobby was instead rushed to the RSPCA Wirral and Chester Branch for veterinary treatment. Kay Hawthorne, the branch manager, said: ‘He was filthy and in quite a state with more fleas than we have seen on a single animal. He had barely any fur from the waist down, and you could just see thousands of black dots all over him – which were the fleas. ‘He had dirty infected ears and was also struggling from untreated dry eyes – both were sore and infected. One of his nails was very overgrown and gnarled, whilst another had grown into a complete circle – piercing his pad and growing into it significantly.’ Staff quickly got to work and gave him a good clean. Kay added: ‘He was treated for his fleas once he was dry. He was then wormed, his sore eyes were bathed, and then we lubricated them. ‘He then had his blocked ears cleaned out and we started him on a course of treatment to help clear the infection. ‘We clipped his gnarled nail, and removed the piercing one from the pad, then bathed the wound, enabling him to put his foot down and walk properly for the first time in a long time. ‘While all this was taking place he didn’t stop wagging his tail the whole time. ‘That night he slept in a warm room on a clean, thick plump bed – the best uninterrupted sleep he had had in a long time, without the discomfort of fleas making him itchy and restless. His ears and eyes weren’t bothering him, and he was able to walk without the piercing pain of a nail in his foot.’ In the end, Kay ended up bonding with Bobby – so she decided to give him the loving home he’d been sorely lacking. Now, Bobby shares his house with four canine siblings – Frankie, a bulldog-cross aged one; Maisie, a West Highland White cross aged 12; Eva a German Shepherd aged 12; and Toots, another Shih Tzu aged four. She said: ‘He was just so sweet-natured and lovely and I knew we would struggle to find him a home at such an elderly age, so I took him on. ‘He now looks so happy, and it just proves there is life in the old dog yet.’ Inspector Anthony has been so pleased to witness Bobby’s transformation. He said: ‘Poor Bobby really was in a bad way and it was so upsetting to think the owner was considering putting him to sleep, due to moving away and leaving him in the care of someone else who was struggling to cope. ‘He should never have been left to get in such a state with veterinary assistance and charities around who would help in this situation. ‘He was riddled with fleas and had other infections and problems which were causing him real problems – but thanks to RSPCA staff he is transformed and is adorable. ‘He has fallen on all four paws now he has been adopted by Kay too – I am thrilled.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : From a seal in a pub to a fox in B&Q: The RSPCA’s weirdest rescues of 2022 MORE : ‘Lovely’ cat found abandoned in zipped-up laundry bag MORE : Six-foot Newfoundland kicked out of puppy school for sitting on smaller dogs