SpaceX may attempt a Starship rocket system launch in March, its billionaire chief Elon Musk said in a tweet on Saturday. ‘If remaining tests go well, we will attempt a Starship launch next month,’ Musk said, in a response to a user’s tweet about Starship. Musk had in January said that there was a ‘real shot’ at launching Starship in late February, adding that a March launch attempt appears highly likely. SpaceX, since last year, has been looking to launch its giant Starship into orbit for the first time, a pivotal demonstration flight as it aims to fly NASA astronauts to the moon. This is not the first time Musk has promised a timeline for Starship’s launch. In February 2022, Musk said that he was ‘highly confident’ Starship would reach orbit this year. The announcement was considered premature as SpaceX’s Boca Chica test-flight and production facility was yet to receive clearance from the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). In June last year, the FAA approved a final environmental assessment of the rocket company’s proposed Super Heavy rocket program. The FAA published an assessment that concluded that SpaceX’s plans for orbital launches will have ‘no significant impact’ on the region along the Gulf Coast. However, it placed over 75 requirements that the company has to fulfil to minimise the impact on the surrounding areas as it begins to operate the Starship spacecraft. Still, completing the environmental review does not guarantee SpaceX a vehicle operator license. It will still need to meet the FAA requirements for safety, risk and financial responsibility. However, the billionaire had previously said that he was prepared for the ‘worst-case’ scenario in case SpaceX did not get the required environmental clearance. Musk said they would just shift the entire Starship program to the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, where SpaceX has already received the environmental approval it needs. Such a move would still cause a setback of six to eight months, so SpaceX could still go ahead with its 2023 launch of the world’s first private lunar mission, flying Japanese entrepreneur Yusaku Maezawa and a dozen artists aboard a Starship to loop around the moon and return to Earth. The Starship is central to Nasa’s plans to return to the moon as well as Musk’s mission to make humans an ‘interplanetary species’ starting with Mars. MORE : Nasa considers bringing back stranded ISS crew on a SpaceX capsule MORE : Elon Musk ‘highly confident’ Starship will reach orbit this year