Chloe Madeley cut her maternity leave short to start earning money again after giving birth to her first child. The 35-year-old daughter of Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan welcomed her first child with husband James Haskell, a daughter named Bodhi, in August. Despite having wealthy famous parents and James, 37, being a successful former rugby union player and I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here star, Chloe isn’t exactly bathing in cash and doesn’t have a joint bank account with her spouse as she prefers to pay her own way. However, this meant ending her maternity leave early and going back to work as a personal fitness trainer eight weeks after Bodhi’s arrival. ‘James obviously makes a great income and he’s my partner and that’s fantastic, but we don’t have a joint account,’ Chloe explained. She continued to The Mirror: ‘We’ve always had separate accounts and I think that’s a bit of a pride thing with me. Next time, if I get pregnant again, I’m absolutely not doing it. I will swallow my pride, I will jump in on James’ account and take at least six months.’ Chloe hasn’t eased herself into the routine either as she’s already seeing clients seven days a week. However, she does admit that going back to work so soon after having a baby has been ‘quite intense’. Finances aren’t the only challenge Chloe has faced since becoming a mum, as she recently revealed she was struggling to be intimate with James, who she married in 2018. Opening up on the Made By Mamas podcast, she explained: ‘Getting back into the swing of a good healthy sex life has been quite difficult, and I can’t figure out if it’s me, if it’s him or if it’s both of us. ‘I’m going to say it’s the latter – it’s both of us.’ ‘I just feel like I’m not really in a very sexual headspace now. I hope it comes back. ‘I don’t really think he is either. Hopefully it will go back to normal.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 