Authorities have vowed to ‘bring closure’ to the family of Julian Sands, after further ground searches over the weekend yielded no results. The San Bernardino sheriff’s department said an imminent storm in the region meant that search efforts would now be delayed ‘for some time.’ The British actor was first reported missing in the Mounty Baldy area of the San Gabriel mountains more than five weeks ago, after failing to return from a hike. Numerous searches have already taken place on foot and by air, with both state and federal agencies using special technology to help pinpoint a more accurate location to focus their efforts. A spokesperson for the sheriff’s department told the PA news agency that ground searches – which had been recently hampered by poor conditions on the mountain – had taken place on Saturday. ‘On February 18, over 20 members of the Fontana Sheriff’s Station and the West Valley Search and Rescue team conducted a ground search in the Mt Baldy area,’ the spokesperson said. ‘The crew members focused on the area where the California Highway Patrol’s Recco device hit on a possible electronic device on January 25. ‘Unfortunately, nothing was found that would lead to the discovery of Mr Sands.’ ‘With the imminent storm approaching, ground searches for Mr Sands will be delayed for some time,’ they added. ‘Our goal is to bring closure to the family of Mr Sands and when we can, we will try this again.’ The sheriff’s department previously said it remained ‘hopeful’ of finding the actor. But, they admitted that the outcome of the searches may now ‘not be what we would like.’ Three weeks ago, Sands’ hiking partner and friend Kevin Ryan told PA it was obvious ‘something has gone wrong’, but that the actor’s advanced experience and skill would ‘hopefully’ see his safe return. Sands is best known for his starring roles in films such as Warlock, Room With A View and Leaving Las Vegas. On television he found fame with parts in Smallville and 24. He moved to California with his wife in 2020. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Julian Sands’ hiking partner fears ‘something has gone wrong’ as actor remains missing MORE : Julian Sands’ hiking partner ‘remaining hopeful’ of actor’s safe return as rescue mission passes two-week mark 