Kell Brook has apologised after footage emerged of him snorting a white powder in his Sheffield home. In a video obtained by The Sun, the former welterweight champion was seen leaning over a coffee table and inhaling the powder before briefly shadow boxing in front of the camera. Brook’s manager Terry Thompson initially told the newspaper the incident was a ‘joke’. But the 36-year-old, who retried from the ring following his victory over Amir Khan last February, has apologised ‘for the hurt I’ve caused’, admitting he has been struggling with his mental health since hanging up his gloves and is now seeking help. ‘I messed up, I hold my hands up and want to apologise to my family, gym friends and fans,’ he wrote in a statement shared on social media. ‘It is no secret that I struggle with mental health and I’m finding retirement very hard. I’m actively seeking the help I need to get me on the right path. ‘Again, I apologise for the hurt I have caused.’ Brook has recently suggested he could return to boxing, admitting he has felt ‘lost without it’. Fellow Sheffield fighter Johnny Nelson, who was also trained by the city’s famous Ingle family, has suggested Brook is struggling with life outside of the ring, underlining the need for boxing to take greater care for its fighters after they retire. He told SlothBoxx: ‘Kell is lost. Kell is surrounding himself with a crowd that were never professional fighters. Never had that discipline. Never had that sort of mentality. ‘So, unfortunately for Kell, he’s going through it – and he’s got to find his happiness. ‘I always say this – it’s the after care in boxing that’s not there. Everyone wants to be around you when you’re the one getting your head smashed in in the ring and you’re the one putting thousands of people in an arena.” ‘He needs help. He needs guiding. This is the time when he needs someone like Brendan [Ingle] there to help you find your way.’ MORE : Chris Eubank Jr’s team considering appeal against alleged elbow from Liam Smith during knockout defeat MORE : Liam Smith picks next three opponents after beating Chris Eubank Jr and responds to Conor Benn fight talk For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 