Sachin Tendulkar has warned India that Australia will be ‘prepared’ to deal with alien conditions as the tourists look to secure a famous series win. Australia, ranked No. 1 in the Test rankings, kick off their huge year of Test cricket with a four-match series in India. The hosts have not lost a red-ball series at home since 2012 but face an Australia side who brushed aside South Africa and West Indies over the winter. There has already been some concern from Australian voices over the state of the pitches that will be used but Tendulkar insists the tourists will be fully prepared for what it is come. ‘When you become an international cricketer, you are supposed to be able to play on any kind of surface in the world,’ the former India batter told PTI. ‘Those are the challenges of travelling. When we go to Australia, we don’t expect turners over there. We know the nature of the surfaces is going to be a little bouncy, with more pace seam movement. ‘So that is also the case when Australia are in India. They know that there will be turn and the nature of the surface will be on the slow side. ‘They are prepared for that, they have practised with our cricket balls. Every team prepares to the best of their abilities and teams are always in a different space compared to what outsiders think. ‘I feel the Aussies are prepared to play and face the challenges here.’ Australia pulled off an impressive victory in India in 2004 but have struggled in their recent tours of the country. Pat Cummins, Steve Smith and David Warner all believe beating India would ‘be bigger’ than winning the Ashes, with Australia travelling to England this summer looking to retain the urn. Meanwhile, Ravi Ashwin will become just the ninth cricketer in history to surpass 450 Test wickets during this series and Tendulkar believes he will have a key role to play. ‘Ashwin is a world class bowler and he has been delivering amazing performances for a number of years now,’ he said. ‘The variation he has is really, really special and he isn’t afraid to try out things. He wants to make batter’s life uncomfortable and that’s how it should be.’ Tendulkar also praised India No. 3 Cheteshwar Pujara, who will likely make his 100th Test appearance during the Australia series. The 35-year-old averages more than 44 in Test cricket. ‘I feel Pujara’s achievements aren’t recognised enough and his importance in the team isn’t recognised enough,’ Tendulkar added. ‘He has played magnificently for the country and his contribution have been immense in whatever success Indian cricket team has had.’ MORE : England spinner Jack Leach says struggles are in the past as he returns to New Zealand MORE : Michael Vaughan set to answer Azeem Rafiq’s cricket racism charges alone For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 