The Traitors US has officially been renewed for a second series – and to say we’re excited would be an understatement. The first season of the epic gameshow saw paranoia, drama, arguments and tears, with the ultimate Traitor Cirie Fields walking away with the $250,000 prize pot. Alongside Cirie, a mix of civilians and celebrities were thrown into the mix, including the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Brandi Glanville and Below Deck’s Kate Chastain. And now the cast are all set to reunite – and we can’t wait. After banishings and murders, arguments between Kate and Big Brother star Rachel Reilly, and Traitor Arie Luyendyk Jr. walking away at the last moment, who knows what drama will spark. The reunion will be hosted by Bravo icon Andy Cohen, who is known for hosting the reunions of the Beverly Hills Housewives. And if the news of the reunion wasn’t enough, Peacock has confirmed a second series, once again presented by Alan Cumming. ‘The Traitors is an ambitious, highly addictive and spontaneous format that keeps contestants and viewers on their toes,’ said Corie Henson, EVP Entertainment Unscripted Content at NBCUniversal. ‘Alan Cumming is a well-dressed genius, the producers at Studio Lambert are brilliant storytellers and the show is the perfect mix of drama and suspense to keep our Traitors and Faithfuls craving more.’ This comes after The Traitors producer Stephen Lambert hinted that a second series of the UK version could also be on its way. The finale saw Meryl Williams, Aaron Evans and Hannah Byczkowski managing to identify and banish all of the Traitors, walking away with a share of the £101,050 prize pool. Speaking to Ros Atkins on BBC podcast The Media Show, CEO of Studio Lambert, the production company behind The Traitors, Stephen replied to the question we’ve all got on our minds: ‘I assume a second series has been ordered by the BBC or will be shortly?’ He replied: ‘They’re making the right noises.’ Fingers crossed! The Traitors season one reunion will be able to stream on Peacock from February 28. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  MORE : The Traitors star Amanda Lovett proves to be a true fashion icon as she models for New Look MORE : The Traitors US finalist Andie Vanacore holds back tears recalling the moment they found out Cirie Fields wasn’t a Faithful  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 