A classic Vauxhall Victor has been found locked in a garage in excellent condition – but experts want to know why it was never driven. The timewarp motor was bought brand new, but only clocked 86 miles with its mysterious former owner, a man known as Mr Milner. He kept his pride and joy in an immaculate condition over the years, oiling its moss green body and covering the seats in polythene. Bizarrely, a dozen empty red fuel cannisters, along with a 1974 Haynes manual, still remained in the boot. The classic car was found locked in a garage following Mr Milner’s death around ten years ago. After being sold to a collector by the executors of Mr Milner’s estate, it was bought by the Great British Car Journey museum in Ambergate, Derbyhire, last November. Staff have now posted pictures of the car on Facebook in a bid to discover more about its history and Mr Milner. Documents found in the glove box show he bought the car from Mercury Garage in Ilkeston, Derbyshire, on April 12, 1974. Six years after the car was purchased, Mr Milner took it to Derby for Ziebart rust proofing. It then had its cream leather seats covered in protective wrapping and a number of spare parts, including an exhaust pipe and fuel cans, put in the boot. Richard Felkin, who bought the car from Mr Milner’s estate, said: ‘The car was originally found by Dez Dexter who does demolition work – we buy all the reclaimed bricks off him. ‘He was asked to clear this land by the executor of the will for Mr Milner when he passed but he didn’t know the car was there. I was collecting bricks and ended up buying the car off him. ‘When I found the car, all the chrome and lights had been removed and stored in the car. What couldn’t be removed was covered over to protect it.’ With no family or friends to ask, the museum is hoping those who lived nearby at the time may be able to provide some information about the car. The car has the registration plate SRB 705M and has a top speed of 110mph. Museum founder Richard Usher said: ‘We would love to know more about this Victor and why the owner never used it. ‘It really is a one of a kind story that we’re desperate to know more about. ‘If the name of Mr Milner or the car description rings any bells, please get in touch with us as we would love to solve the puzzle of this mystery car.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.