A hairdresser who was sacked for calling in sick on Mondays has been awarded £3,000 in compensation. An employment tribunal ruled Celine Thorley, from Cardiff, was unfairly dismissed by her boss who failed to follow a ‘fair process’. Christian Donnelly, owner of Acute Barbers in Cardiff University Students’ Union, warned Ms Thorley at the end of her shift on a Friday ‘don’t let me down on Monday’, as she was holding a Halloween house party that weekend. On the Monday, the 25-year-old text him saying she was bedridden because her stomach was ‘killing’ her. Mr Donnelly replied he was sacking her after ‘four years of phoning in sick on Mondays because you’d had a good weekend’. The 39-year-old was ordered to pay Ms Thorley £3,453 after the judge found she was genuinely ill with period pain. Mr Donnelly said he stood by his decision because of Ms Thorley’s ‘pattern’ of calling in sick on Mondays, though recognised he should have followed the proper processes, such as giving her a written warning. Ms Thorley – described as a ‘damn decent barber’ by her old boss – started working at the hairdresser’s in 2018, on £16,000 a year. Despite saying the pair got on ‘pretty well’, Mr Donnelly told the tribunal in her first year Ms Thorley had more sick days than all of her colleagues combined, and they almost always followed weekends. The 25-year-old was absent on 17 Monday and Tuesdays in total. Ms Thorley texted her employer in October 2021: ‘Hey Chris I know you’re going to be mad at me but I can’t make it to work sorry I really didn’t think I was going to be this bad I’m not well at all I was a mess yesterday and I’ve woke up this morning and was sick straight away. I really thought I was going to be okay today… my stomach is killing me and I’m all shaky… I really can’t get out of bed Chris. I’m so sorry!’ Mr Donnelly replied: ‘Don’t come in and you’re gone.’ Ms Thorley warned she would take him to a tribunal, to which Mr Donnelly responded: ‘You’ve had all your warnings. Crack on with all that legal s**t.’ The tribunal heard Ms Thorley could not come in due to ‘severe’ period pain. Ms Thorley told the judge she was suffering from endometriosis, a condition which can cause crippling pelvic pain, noting her mother-in-law took time off take time off to look after her. She was on a waiting list to be seen by a gynaecologist, though the hairdresser has not been formally diagnosed with the condition. Saying her number of absences was ‘not as bad’ as Mr Donnelly suggested, Ms Thorley said she could not say how often she needed time off for period issues, but suspected it may have been ‘every month or every other month’. Employment Judge Roseanne Russell ruled that Ms Thorley had a ‘physical impairment’ from menorrhagia – heavy periods. Upholding a claim of unfair dismissal, she said Mr Donnelly had not given formal warnings. ‘A fair process had been ignored altogether,’ continued Dr Russell. ‘The failure was not inadvertent but deliberate.’ While his Students’ Union barbers is now closed, Mr Donnelly still cuts hair at Acute Barbers in Llandaff North. He called the amount of compensation a ‘farce’, adding ‘I don’t know how I’m going to come up with that’. His business is reportedly struggling and he said he had to work as a labourer during the pandemic to keep it afloat. He claims to have sold his car to pay the legal fees and is now ‘living off credit cards’. Speaking at the end of the tribunal, Mr Donnelly said he felt ‘no bitterness’ towards Ms Thorley. ‘I kept it [the barbers] open so she would be in a wage,’ he said. ‘I made so many sacrifices. Because of the rent and service charge I was having to put my wages from building work towards topping up her wages. ‘I thought it would pay dividends because she’s a decent barber and I’d get the money back, but I’ve got to take it on the chin.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.