Love Island star Paige Thorne has reportedly moved on from Adam Collard and has ‘found love’ with Swansea football player Liam Cullen. The paramedic, 24 entered the villa last year and coupled up with season four ‘bad boy While they left the show together, they broke up soon after as numerous cheating allegations began to emerge. According to reports, the former reality star has been spending a lot of time with Liam after taking a back seat from dating. ‘Paige is dating footballer Liam Cullen and things are going really well,’ a source told OK! magazine. Paige and Adam reportedly split just months after leaving the show together following the emergence of footage that depicted the personal trainer with his arms around another woman in a McDonald’s. At the time, Adam told The Sun that he was in the wrong when he put his arms around another girl but ‘it was all misinterpreted’. Last month Paige detailed what went down between the two of them via Instagram Stories. ‘Obviously, everyone was aware of all the videos and pictures coming out of him and his arms around other girls in nightclubs and whatever on his PAs,’ she said. ‘I was getting sent more videos of him on nights out that didn’t go viral and that were just really shady and I wasn’t comfortable in it. ‘I want to be 100% certain my guy is only about me and isn’t accessible to anybody else.’ While Adam was in Bali on a work trip, Paige revealed that there was a lack of  communication between them and she decided to end things over text. ‘I just text him and was like this is dumb, this isn’t working, we’re not even talking whilst you’re on holiday,’ she said. ‘It’s clear that something has shifted between us so let’s just call it a day.’ The paramedic revealed her then-boyfriend made no attempts to fight for their relationship and admitted it was obvious they were not going to be able to resolve anything. Paige ended the update by emphasising there was ‘no bad blood’ between the former lovers and that they both remain happy – albeit living separate lives. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Paige Thorne’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Georgia Steel sparks backlash after referring to Shaq Muhammad as Zack: ‘Very cringe to watch’ MORE : Love Island’s Paige Thorne throws support behind NHS strikes: ‘We have been pushed to this as a last resort’ 