With the cost of living showing little sign of easing up, it’s no wonder many of us are thinking twice about where we do our weekly shop. If you’re still shopping at Waitrose or Ocado despite all the penny pinching elsewhere, it might be time to reevaluate: those are the two most expensive supermarkets, according to the latest research by consumer champion Which?. The cheapest? Aldi, of course, which has been named the UK’s cheapest supermarket for the eighth month in a row. This is based on Which’s January research, which compared the prices for the same basket of items across eight of the UK’s major supermarkets. It found that, at a total of £82.03, Aldi was £25.68 cheaper than the most expensive supermarket, Waitrose, which cost £107.71 for comparable products. It was around £13 cheaper than Sainsbury’s and Asda, which sat in the middle at just over £95 each, and nearly £12 cheaper than Tesco, which cost £93.80. Lidl was a close runner up, though, costing only £2.04 than Aldi – so if you live closer to a Lidl, don’t waste the extra fuel it would cost to travel to Aldi. It comes as trade magazine The Grocer also revealed Aldi to be nearly £26 cheaper than the same shop at Waitrose. Julie Ashfield, managing director of buying at Aldi, said: ‘We know just how important it is for families up and down the nation to find ways to cut costs anyway they can, and at Aldi we are dedicated to keeping prices low and quality high across all our products. ‘The latest findings from Which? show that customers can save themselves over £25 on just one basket by choosing Aldi – that’s not just pocket change. ‘The fact that Which? have found Aldi to be cheapest for eight months in a row is a testament to our commitment to our shoppers.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What’s in the Middle of Lidl this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : Cocktails swapped for coffees: Singles are dating cost-effectively with the new ‘daylight saving’ trend