Real Madrid are becoming resigned to the fact that Jude Bellingham will join a Premier League side this summer. While Borussia Dortmund are trying to tempt the midfielder into signing a new midfielder, the England international is expected to move on at the end of the season with no shortage of clubs interested in his services. Bellingham is one of the most coveted players in Europe with Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United eager to bring him back to English football, having left Birmingham City for Dortmund in 2020. Real Madrid have been laying groundwork to make him their marquee signing this summer, working on a deal for a number of months. There has also been close and regular contact with Bellingham’s family with his father also acting as his manager. Despite those efforts, however, The Athletic report that Real Madrid now fear they will be unable to match the Premier League’s financial muscle and believe they will miss out on landing the 19-year-old. Chelsea spent close to £300million in the January transfer window alone, making Enzo Fernandez their club record signing in a £106m from Benfica. The report adds that move will only strengthen Dortmund’s negotiating position when it comes to cashing in on Bellingham, with it now unlikely he leaves for less than £110m. La Liga clubs spent a total of £25m during the January window, dwarfed by the £815m outlay in the Premier League. Real’s only expenditure this season was the £70m deal for Aurélien Tchouameni, signed from Monaco last summer with Antonio Rudiger arriving from Chelsea on a free transfer. Liverpool and City have been considered the front runners to sign Bellingham with United hoping their improving fortunes will boost their hopes of signing the midfielder at the second time of asking. Chelsea have also been credited with interest but Bellingham is reportedly in favour of a move elsewhere, not convinced by the club’s frantic January spending that has left Graham Potter with a delicate balancing act at Stamford Bridge. Recent reports have also suggested Newcastle United are trying to muscle their way in, equipped with the financial backing to take on any of their domestic rivals in the transfer market. MORE : Newcastle join Jude Bellingham race as they look to make huge statement MORE : Jude Bellingham rules out Chelsea move after record January spending spree For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 