Have you ever wondered why people like to stand up in their own bedrooms? Do you think walking on your own two feet to your bed is overrated? Have you often found yourself looking at full-sized wardrobes and thinking ‘Ew’? Well, this £1,680-a-month London flat could be the answer to all your prayers. The bedroom, which comes in at 140cm tall, is accessible via a ladder – how whimsical! The limited space between the floor and the ceiling means tenants are advised they have to ‘bend over to walk’ up there. With the average height of a 10-year-old child in the UK being 138.4cm, and 144cm for 11-year-olds, that means you’d have to a child to be able to stand up straight in there. The Islington studio also has a combined living/dining/kitchen area, with an oven, a washing machine and room for a table and sofa. And that’s not the end of the good news! Bills are included in the cost of rent, it comes furnished and pets are allowed, you lucky things. However, a month’s rent will need to be paid before you move in as a deposit and there is no parking or garden. The listing notes that near the ‘small and quiet street’ there are lots of shops and restaurants, so you might hear some noise in the daytime. The listing also reads: ‘Studio apartment with mezzanine ideally located in Islington. ‘Open plan fully fitted kitchen that opens into the reception studio area, you also have a mezzanine sleeping area, a brand new walk-in shower and a separate W.C.” ‘The studio has a high ceiling in the kitchen area, and a low ceiling in the living room and the bedroom. ‘The living room is about 180cm high and the bedroom is only about 140cm high, can bend over to walk.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : West London flat on market for £1,200 a month and the oven is practically under the bed MORE : Entire tropical island on the market for £376,627 – less than the price of a London flat MORE : Studio flat going for £700 a month – where you can cook from the comfort of your bed