Meet the woman who looks like she’s walked straight out the 1940s – with a vintage home where she only cooks wartime food, and has a strictly vinyl music collection. Hannah Hall, who prefers not to share her age, developed an affinity with the 1940s after watching wartime films with her late grandfather, Henry, as a little girl. She became obsessed with Hollywood starlets such as Audrey Hepburn, Elizabeth Taylor and Bette Davis and wanted to dress like them. Now, Hannah says she lives in a “vintage kingdom” with her mum – kitted out with a 1940s cooker and an eclectic mix of old world furnishings from the Victorian era up to the 1960s. Hannah, a medical examiners officer, from Nottingham, East Midlands, said: ‘My favourite era is the 1940s. ‘The tenacity of the British people was really inspiring. I love the ‘make do and mend attitude. I loved the community feel and street parties for morale. ‘I feel nostalgic for an era I have never even lived in. ‘My grandpa, Henry, who passed when he was 78, was born in 1936 and told me all his stories from his time in the RAF. ‘We spent hours watching old World War Two films and that was my first taste of vintage clothes and outfits worn by starlets such as Elizabeth Taylor, Bette Davis, Sophia Loren and Elizabeth Garland.’ Hannah’s mum, Stephanie, raised her on her own. As they didn’t have a lot of money to spare, they bought everything second-hand and her grandad passed down his furniture. Hannah said: ‘My mum developed a vintage taste by chance. ‘I was picked on at school for being poor and having second-hand shoes, but my mum always taught me to go against the grain. ‘Mum and I bought a house together six years ago. We started uncovering all the original features and started the vintage renovation from there.’ The mum and daughter started with the kitchen – finding a vintage Rainhill cooker on eBay for just £16 which lights with a match. ‘We filled it with 1940s bread bins, Oxo tins, ration boxes and old cereal tins and put down black and white tiles,’ Hannah said. ‘We hide all the modern day appliances, such as the washing machine and microwave. ‘Most people would’ve gotten rid of the pantry, but we wanted to keep it for authenticity.’ They spruced up the bathroom with mallard duck decorations, a 1950s dainty made cabinet, and a bright yellow interior. They ripped out the laminate flooring in the living room to reveal the original floorboards and installed a traditional log burner. ‘We filled the room with old sewing machines and put 1940s books on the bookshelves,’ Hannah said. ‘The only modern thing in there is the TV.’ The 1940s connoisseurs even built their own allotment and log store outside for their log fires. She said: ‘I have been inspired by the ‘grow your own’ mantra so built we our own allotment. ‘We have little garden beds – growing lettuce, carrots, peppers, onions, peas, potatoes, cucumbers, parsley and basil. ‘I am also learning to sew.’ The pre-loved advocate wouldn’t dream of stepping foot in a fast-fashion high street store and has only ever shopped second-hand. Hannah added: ‘I love the simplicity of the 1940s and throughout my life I’ve boiled the kettle and had a hot water bottle instead of putting the heating on. ‘I was raised to live within my means and I’m very content doing so – I’m not lavish. ‘I will always fix things instead of throwing it away.’ Hannah’s wardrobe echoes her 1940s lifestyle, and she loves walking into a shop and not knowing what she might find. She added: ‘I like the hunt, I don’t like walking into a shop knowing what I want. ‘My vintage taste in fashion has always been inspired by old Hollywood starlets, I have a classic taste in beauty and fashion. ‘I love a faux fur coat, and my staples are a red lip, pearl earrings, faux fur and patterns. ‘I curl my hair and put it in a side parting.’ In the kitchen, Hannah cooks classic British recipes from a 1940s cookbook gifted to her by one of her social media followers. ‘I’ve worked myself through the recipes which include a Victoria Sponge, soups, broths, stews and home-made sausage rolls,’ she said. ‘I’ve even bought vintage weighing scales, a vintage meat mincer, vintage mason bowls and a 1950s tin opener my friend gave to me. ‘I’ve always loved fish and chips as a treat – that was the only food not rationed throughout the war to boost morale.’ Hannah doesn’t have a Spotify account and prefers to listen to her vinyl records – her collection includes the likes of Glen Miller, Bing Crosby, and the Ink Spots. She said: ‘I love 1940s music – I’m such a grandma I don’t even have a Spotify account. ‘I like putting the needle on the record, I like boiling a kettle from scratch and I like putting logs on the fire.’ In May 2022, she met Jack Weightman on a birthday night out, and the pair bonded over their love for a world-gone-by. ‘It’s been lovely to find someone to share my love of vintage with,’ Hannah said. ‘He loves the 1980s and we started connecting over his love of steel railways.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pearl jewellery for men is having a moment MORE : Mum-of-two lives in a monochrome home and says colour is ‘confusing’