Marcus Rashford has sparked injury fears ahead of Manchester United’s Carabao Cup final against Newcastle United. United came from behind to seal a famous 2-1 victory over Barcelona on Thursday night, sealing a 4-3 aggregate victory to book their place in the last 16 of the Europa League. Goals from Fred and Antony wiped out Robert Lewandowski’s first-half penalty with United creating chances to extend their lead in a thrilling first-half display. United’s focus now immediately shifts to Sunday’s trip to Wembley. But Rashford, who has scored more goals that any other player in Europe since the World Cup with 16 goals to his name, could now be an injury doubt. The 25-year-old shared an image of him walking off the Old Trafford pitch having removed his left boot. The incident may have took place during a second-half clash with Barcelona defender Ronald Araújo, who kept pace with the forward to make a vital challenge as United sprung forward on the attack. Rashford stayed down after the incident with United putting the ball out of play so he could receive treatment. He was replaced by Erik ten Hag after 88 minutes with Scott McTominay, able to leave the pitch relatively comfortably. Footage shared of Rashford leaving Old Trafford later that night also appeared to show him walking with a slight limp. Former United striker Dion Dublin, on punditry duty with MUTV, suspected the United star had picked up an ankle knock but is hopeful the knock can be managed ahead of Sunday’s clash with Newcastle. ‘He was just taking the weight off his left ankle. Maybe he has rocked it a little bit,’ Dublin said. ‘Hopefully he can strap it up on Sunday, the medical staff will do what’s right.’ United endured a frustrating first-half at Old Trafford with Bruno Fernandes penalised for a foul on Alejandro Balde, allowing Lewandowski to put the visitors ahead. United roared back with another spirited second-half display however that ten Hag believes is the biggest win since his arrival in Manchester. ‘ Yes, I think so. We’ve had some good wins, Liverpool, Arsenal at home, really good wins, but I think this [is the biggest]. ‘Barcelona is the leader of La Liga, eight points ahead of Real.’ MORE : Wout Weghorst speaks out on Manchester United struggles after being hauled off at half-time vs Barcelona MORE : Paul Scholes rates Manchester United’s Premier League title chances after defeating Barcelona in Europa League For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 