Walter Mirisch has died at the age of 101. The iconic producer, who won an Oscar for 1967’s In the Heat of the Night, died of natural causes in LA on Friday. The Motion Picture Academy confirmed Mirisch’s death over the weekend and the likes of Steven Spielberg has since paid tribute to the industry icon, calling him a ‘trailblazer’. Academy CEO Bill Kramer and Academy President Janet Yang said in a statement: ‘The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is deeply saddened to hear of Walter’s passing.’ ‘Walter was a true visionary, both as a producer and as an industry leader,’ the statement continued, according to Variety. ‘He had a powerful impact on the film community and the Academy, serving as our President and as an Academy governor for many years. ‘His passion for filmmaking and the Academy never wavered, and he remained a dear friend and advisor. ‘We send our love and support to his family during this difficult time.’ The outlet adds that Spielberg said of Mirisch: ‘Walter cut a gigantic figure in the film industry and his movies were trailblazing classics that covered every genre, while never failing to entertain audiences around the world.’ The award-winning director continued: ‘He achieved so much in life and in the industry — if you live to be 101 and produced The Apartment, I’d say it’s been a good run.’ Mirisch cemented himself as one of Hollywood’s most prominent producers and in 1957 founded The Mirisch Company, which oversaw titles including 1963’s The Great Escape, Some Like It Hot in 1959 and 1961’s West Side Story. He was also the former president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Mirisch was born in New York in 1921 and before studying at the University of Wisconsin worked at a bomber plane manufacturer. The producer is survived by his daughter Anne, sons Lawrence and Andrew, a granddaughter and two great-grandsons.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 