Esteemed Canadian actor Gordon Pinsent has died at the age of 92. The performer was best-known for his performances in films and TV shows including Away From Her, The Rowdyman, The Red Green Show, and Quentin Durgens. His death was confirmed by his family, in a statement penned by the late star’s son-in-law, Peter Keleghan. ‘Gordon Pinsent’s daughters, Leah and Beverly, and his son, Barry, would like to announce the passing of their father peacefully in sleep today with his family at his side,’ the message read, which was sent to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation on Saturday February 25. ‘Gordon passionately loved this country and its people, purpose and culture to his last breath.’ Pinsent began his acting career as a teenager, starting with roles on stage when he was 17 years old. He had a brief hiatus from acting when he joined the Canadian army in the 1950s, serving for four years in the military. He starred in Shakespearre productions such as The Tempest, The Taming of the Shrew and Macbeth. Pinsent then went on to appear on the small screen, bagging roles in Street Legal and The Forest Rangers, among other TV series. From 1989 until 2015, he voiced the character of Babar the Elephant, who first appeared in a French children’s book in the 1930, playing the animated role on film and TV. As well as being recognised as an actor, Pinsent was also a writer, director and singer, as well as practising painting. Several people have paid tribute to Pinsent, including Canadian comedian Rick Mercer, who wrote: ‘Gordon Pinsent was our North Star. A true renaissance man. ‘Actor, writer, director, painter and one time dance instructor. Gordon beat the path and made it possible for all that followed. The epitome of class & one hell of a funny guy. The Rowdy Man is gone but never forgotten.’ Comedian and actor Mark Critch wrote: ‘My pal Gordon Pinsent passed. I saw him a few weeks ago, his twinkle as bright as ever. ‘I looked up to him as the Rowdyman but loved him as Porky Pinsent from Grand Falls. He cut the path the rest of us travelled. A household name based on Canadian work. The best there ever was.’ Pinsent married his wife, Canadian actress Charmion King, in 1962. King died in 2007 after suffering from emphysema, a lung condition that causes shortness of breath. Pinsent is survived by his three children, Leah, Barry and Beverly. MORE : Madonna’s brother Anthony Ciccone dies aged 66 MORE : Dukes Of Hazzard star John Schneider announces death of wife Alicia Allain aged 53