As I watched the two ticks go from grey to blue on my Whatsapp message, I felt somewhat hopeful. It was an invitation urging a group of straight, cisgender people I’m close with to join me at a vigil for Brianna Ghey – a trans teen who was killed in a park on 11 February. This was two weeks ago, and nobody in the group chat has responded. I was and still am disappointed, but in hindsight, I’m not that surprised. Honestly, I don’t feel like many straight cisgender people in my life think about the LGBTQ+ community – why would this time be any different? I know the trans and LGBTQ+ community generally has many cis-straight allies – and active ones at that. But now, more than ever, we need allies standing up and speaking out about the atrocities queer people face. If they don’t, it’s predominantly members of the community itself who are being vocal. It’s important, necessary and we do it because we have to, but it’s also exhausting when it feels like you’re the only people fighting to keep our community alive. In the wake of Brianna’s death, many LGBTQ+ people – and especially the trans community – have been left heartbroken and shaken. We’re overwhelmed with feelings of terror and an inevitability that something bad will happen to us whenever we leave our homes. The way I’m treated as a cis-gay man can feel overwhelming at times – I’m often made to feel inferior and like a freak because of my sexuality. But I know this is nothing compared to the way trans people are treated. Why can’t we ever just feel safe? In times of trauma, the LGBTQ+ community turns to each other for support. Outside of that, it’s never an expectation – at least not for me – that allies will reach out and ask if we’re OK. I’ve sensed that there’s fear and a worry about saying the wrong thing for many cis-straight people and that’s why they don’t feel they should have an input, but I think many of us would feel safer and more supported if they did. Just knowing we’re not alone helps. Brianna Ghey’s death is still being investigated as a possible hate crime but whatever the outcome, another young person has had their life cut short. It certainly feels like a reminder of how tenuous a position trans people hold in an overwhelmingly hostile world that seeks to reject them more with each passing day. I’m outraged. My LGBTQ+ comrades are, too. But I don’t feel that same energy coming from the supposed allies I know. On the day of the vigil, LGBTQ+ people took to the microphone to speak passionately about how they were sick of being targeted and made to feel less than human by our oppressors. There was music and attendees huddled around each other – then, as it started to rain, we huddled even closer together. It was a time to mourn, listen to trans people talk about their lived experiences and – despite the tragedy – hear their hopes for the future. Attendees wore Brianna’s favourite colour, pink, and were invited to place flowers and candles next to her picture. There was a huge community of trans people there – some kids, too – but rather than show how scared they were, they instead chose intense, fiery passion and rage. The consensus was that we deserve to live full, beautiful lives just like everybody else. I looked around during the vigil and saw many of my fellow LGBTQ+ siblings. I can’t say for sure how many cisgender straight people were there – I didn’t go around asking – but I felt sad and let down that those I had reached out to wouldn’t be there. I know there are lots of cis-straight allies who campaign tirelessly for the cause, but it’s not nearly enough. The LGBTQ+ community doesn’t need cis straight people to get involved in everything that we do or to come into our spaces, but we do expect support in times of crisis. We want them to make the effort to read about our experiences, ask questions about what it’s like to be us in this world, watch films and TV shows about our multifaceted lives, then talk about it with others. The more we’re seen as ‘normal’ – especially by cis straight people who unfortunately run the world – the less we will hopefully be targeted. LGBTQ+ people are strong, but we’re even stronger when our allies stand with us. Just showing you care – even in small ways – will really make a difference. Not just when someone in our community dies, but all year round. I want you to see us as human beings in all our layers. When we need you to be there for us in our time of need, show up – or share our plight with the world. It wouldn’t hurt to ask us if we’re OK, too. At the bare minimum, don’t ignore our messages. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Remembering Brianna Ghey: the ‘sweetest 16-year-old who was a beacon of positivity’ MORE : Brianna Ghey vigil disrupted by group shouting anti-LGBT abuse MORE : Warrington Wolves pay tribute to Brianna Ghey with touching gesture