Erik ten Hag was left fuming after Jules Kounde was not sent off for fouling Marcus Rashford during Manchester United’s draw at Barcelona on Thursday evening. In a thrilling game at the Camp Nou, United came away with a 2-2 draw in the first-leg of their Europa League play-off. Rashford continued his fine form by scoring his 22nd goal of the season with a sublime strike in the 52nd minute but was also involved in a highly controversial moment later on. With the score at 2-1, the forward broke free of Barcelona’s defence but as he closed in on goal Jules Kounde fouled him from behind with Rashford instantly appealing for a penalty. But the referee waved for play to continue and while replays showed that the incident occurred just outside the box, many believed that it should have at least have been a free-kick to United. Ten Hag certainly thought so during the game, getting a booking for his protests towards the officials, and he did not hold back in his post-match interview, telling BT Sport: ‘The refereeing had a big influence in this game. ‘A clear foul on Rashy. You can discuss if it’s in or outside the box, but then it’s a red card because he’s one on one with the keeper. ‘It’s a big influence not just on this game but also on the next round. Referees can’t make such mistakes.’ Rashford was equally scathing of the officials, adding: ‘It’s a massive moment in the game. ‘To be honest I’ve not watched it back but in the moment I don’t understand why the linesman or the referee thinks I’m going down there. ‘I’ve touched it past him [Kounde] and my foots in front of the ball and he hits my leg and it’s clear contact. It’s not a penalty but it’s 100% a foul for me.’ The second-leg of the tie takes place at Old Trafford next Thursday. MORE : Chelsea icon Glen Johnson suggests Graham Potter should ‘be more arrogant like Jose Mourinho’ MORE : ‘He’s a pest!’ – Gianfranco Zola gives verdict on Chelsea and Manchester United target Victor Osimhen For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 