Maya Jama and Laura Whitmore have rubbished claims they ignored each other during last night’s Brit Awards, after being pictured on the same table. The former Love Island presenter, 37, and the TV personality – who currently fronts this year’s winter series – attended Saturday’s musical bash and reports claimed the hosts didn’t interact with each other. One of the pictures showed both women at the same table engaging in conversation with different people. The mum-of-one previously supported Maya, 28, when it was announced she had landed the gig on the annual dating show. Sharing a screenshot of the claims, Laura wrote: ‘I’m so sick of the media constantly trying to run this narrative with women. ‘Imagine the audacity of also talking to other people at our table. ‘Stop trying to put women against each other and start celebrating women supporting women!’ She continued: We had a great night,’ along with a kiss emoji while tagging Maya. Maya also reposted Laura’s post adding: ‘Silly silly silly. I think very highly of @thewhitmore & think she’s an angel. Maybe quote that instead.’ Laura announced last year that she would not be returning to the hit ITV2 show, with Maya replacing her as Laura’s husband Iain Stirling remains as voiceover. Announcing she had departed the role as host in August, Laura took to Instagram to write: ‘Some news! I won’t be hosting the next series of Love island. ‘There are certain elements of the show I’ve found very difficult that cannot be changed some due to the format, including the flying back and forth to South Africa along with my new conflicting projects. ‘I wish it was still possible but know you’ll be in safe hands. I was only planning to fill in for Caroline for a series and it turned into 3 series. I hope I did you proud Caroline ❤️.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Charli XCX enjoys raucous Brit Awards after-party scene in ‘real winner’ T-shirt alongside Lewis Capaldi, Shania Twain and a twerking Maya Jama MORE : Maya Jama can’t hide shock as Joel Dommett makes X-rated joke about Sir Elton John at Brit Awards 