Thousands has been raised towards the funeral of a mum and her teenage daughter who died whilst setting up birthday decorations. It is suspected they died from carbon monoxide poisoning. Tyla Wanstall found his mum Leah Churchill, 50, and 17-year-old sister Brooke Wanstall on Tuesday morning when he opened his food truck in Whitstable, Kent. The pair had been decorating the Meat ‘N’ Greet van overnight with balloons and banners, in order to surprise Tyla for his 26th birthday. The unit was filled with fumes upon his arrival. It was then that Tyla realised his mum and sister must have started the petrol generator for power. Friends and family have rallied together to support the greaving family, with almost £10,000 donated to give Brooke and Leah a ‘big, bold and pink’ send-off. Tyla wrote on Facebook: ‘I hate having to ask for help, but we really do need it. ‘All the money will be going towards an amazing joint funeral to give them both the send-off they deserve. ‘Anything left over will go towards my little brother and just trying to get things back on track with my mum’s house.’ Fundraisers have also been set up by Craig Phillips, on behalf of Brooke’s dad Justin, and Georgie Jacobs. Craig surpassed his £5,000 target and Georgie is over half way to her £10,000 goal. She said: ‘As many of you are aware, on February 14th, we heard of the devastating news that 2 young, beautiful lives were sadly taken away & in a way that has left everyone speechless. ‘I and am sure many of you would like to ensure that we can at least ease some of the financial cost towards the funeral, and all pay our respects in a way I’m sure everyone will agree will help the family. ‘With everyone giving what they can we give Leah a send off alongside her daughter Brooke’s which she would love – big, bold & most of all pink!’ Mum-of-four Leah leaves behind another daughter, Ocean, 23, and Sonny, 12. Brooke had just finished her GCSEs at Archbishop’s School, Canterbury and started a new carer job that she loved. Grieving Tyla said: ‘Mum was so kind and would do anything for anyone. ‘She would take a homeless man in off the streets if she was allowed. Brooke was just a live-wire with a huge personality. ‘It’s heartbreaking to think they spent their last few moments just trying to put a smile on my face. ‘I don’t know how we’re ever going to get over this.’ You can donate to the fundraiser here Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.