Ellie Harrison, 25, was diagnosed with HIV four years ago. A straight woman, Ellie wasn’t exactly clued up about HIV – all she knew was Ste Hay from Hollyoaks living with it. So Ellie became silent. Negative stigma, she tells Metro.co.uk, made her feel her status had to be a secret – something to hide from everyone. Something to be ashamed of. ‘I’ve been ghosted, ignored or had people make unpleasant remarks,’ she says of dating. ‘I mostly see it as a litmus test to weed out people who aren’t worth my time, if they’re going to be negative.’ Some of this might be all too familiar for LGBTQ+ people who were alive in the 1980s – it’s business as usual. But other parts of Ellie’s story would have been unthinkable only years ago. ‘I do find the history of HIV quite upsetting to think about,’ she says. ‘It’s bittersweet to know how effective and accessible medication is now and to think of the people we’ve unfortunately lost. ‘I think it’s incredible how far we’ve come with medication and cultural acceptance, but it really does still feel like we have a long way to go with stigma. ‘A lot of people still find sex a very taboo topic and still don’t know their status.’ Living with HIV is not what it was in the 1980s, and the clue is in the first word: living. Thanks to medical leaps, many HIV-positive people live long, healthy lives. For LGBTQ+ History Month and HIV Testing Week, we briefly look at the history of HIV and Aids while experts tell us what we can expect the future to look like. For an epidemic that claimed hundreds of thousands of lives, Aids appeared relatively silently. It’s hard to say when the virus first began circulating, though some scientists have traced it as far back as 1959 to a man who died in the Belgian Congo. Experts believe HIV may have arrived in the US by the late 1960s. The first identified patient of the Aids epidemic was Ken Horne, who died of Kaposi’s sarcoma in 1980. Canadian flight attendant Gaëtan Dugas and schoolteacher Rick Wellikoff would follow. On July 3, 1981, New Yorkers reading The New York Times might have glimpsed an article beside a Fourth of July-themed ad for a bank. ‘Rare Cancer Seen In 41 Homosexuals,’ the headline read. ‘Outbreak Occurs Among Men in New York and California – Eight Died Inside Two Years.’ The story wasn’t exactly breaking news, apparently: it was 20 pages in and was a narrow story with no pictures. Doctors, it was safe to say, got a fair few things wrong about this ‘outbreak’ of a rare form of cancer often associated with Aids called Kaposi’s sarcoma. They didn’t think it was contagious nor was it dangerous for ‘non-homosexuals’. But they did get one thing right: ‘It appears in one or more violet-coloured spots anywhere on the body.’ This would become one of the hallmark symptoms of Aids. One day after the Times story, the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta published a small notice in its weekly newsletter about five bizarre cases of pneumonia diagnosed in five gay men in Los Angeles, California. Doctors were taken aback by this – how did five healthy men develop a lung infection usually seen only in people with severely weakened immune systems? In hindsight, these were all early signs of Aids, an epidemic that has infected, by some estimates, around 80 million and killed at least half that number. The caseloads began to increase. Fast. Similar stories were heard in Texas, Florida and New York, among those who are not just LGBTQ+ but straight too. Researchers would come to call the mysterious syndrome AID, for acquired immunodeficiency disease, or GRID, for ‘gay-related immunodeficiency’. The latter set the tone for the next few decades, marked by homophobia that remains seared in the minds of LGBTQ+ people. It wasn’t until 1982 that GRID was scrapped after the syndrome was seen in Haitians and straight women. That year, the UK saw one of its first deaths of the epidemic, a gay man called Terry Higgins whose partner would go on to set up the sexual health charity the Terrence Higgins Trust (THT). By 1984 (when 46 people had died of Aids in the UK) doctors realised the cause of Aids was the ‘human immunodeficiency virus’, or HIV. It hides inside white blood cells in our immune system called T cells so the body can’t fend it off. A Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved HIV test came the year after, while variants in HIV were spotted, complicating efforts to find a vaccine. For years, however, a diagnosis of HIV would come with the horror of imminent death. Fear was sown into the LGBTQ+ community as queer people watched friends die and wondered if they were next. Back in Britain, then health secretary Norman Fowler launched a blunt and unsettling public health campaign in 1986: ‘Aids: Don’t Die of Ignorance.’ It wasn’t until roughly 23,000 Americans had died of the disease (who included actor Rock Hudson and singer Sylvester) that US President Ronald Reagan earnestly mentioned Aids for the first time in a public speech in 1987. To Americans wary of this new ‘public health enemy number one’, he had some advice: practice abstinence. ‘After all,’ he said, the Times reported, ‘when it comes to preventing Aids, don’t medicine and morality teach the same lessons?’ The first drug available to treat HIV, known as AZT, hit pharmacy shelves this year as well. It wasn’t the best, as HIV over time evolved to shrug it off, but at a time when thousands were dying, it was a path to hope. Princess Diana, meanwhile, opened the first specialist HIV/Aids unit at London’s Middlesex Hospital. With every hug and handshake, she helped soften homophobic stigma as even some healthcare workers refused to go near patients. During one visit, she said: ‘HIV does not make people dangerous to know. You can shake their hands and give them a hug. Heaven knows they need it. What’s more, you can share their homes, their workplaces, and their playgrounds and toys.’ By the peak of the epidemic in 1995, 476,000 Americans had been diagnosed with Aids, more than half of whom had died. But one year later, things began to change. Thanks to drug ‘cocktails’, the death rate from Aids was 23% less than in 1995 and fell by 40% in 1997 in the US. New Aids cases began to tumble, by 6% in 1996, 15% in 1997 and 25% in 1998. The drugs proved so effective, doctors estimated patients could live for years. At the same time, antiretroviral therapy (a mix of daily drugs that prevent the virus from multiplying in the body) was very costly. In 2000, a year’s worth of treatment cost a single patient up to $15,000, according to Doctors Without Borders. This meant huge swaths of Africa and Asia, where the vast majority of HIV-positive people live, did not have access to treatment – and most still don’t. By 2007, 25 years after the first case of Aids reported in the UK, at least 10,000 gay and bisexual men had died. The HIV-preventive pill pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) was approved by the FDA in 2012 and would be easily available on the NHS less than a few years later. People vulnerable to acquiring the virus can take it daily – there’s now also a long-lasting monthly shot on the horizon. And it works. When PrEP came to British shores, HIV transmission dropped by nearly three-quarters between 2012 and 2018. But again, some things don’t change. PrEP is one of a handful of HIV treatments that many low-income countries struggle to get. It’s been slow to reach women in particular, who make up a majority of new HIV infections in sub-Saharan Africa (encompassing 38% of new HIV cases globally). Price is a big barrier too, drug access activists say, with drug makers not granting licences for generic manufacturers to produce cheaper versions. Looking forward, health officials and activists are a lot more hopeful these days. There’s been big talk for a while now about ending Aids as a public health threat by 2030 with the UN calling on just that in 2015. ‘If the international community acts, 3.6 million new HIV infections and 1.7 million Aids-related deaths will be prevented this decade,’ General Assembly president Csaba Kőrösi said last year. The goal has been adopted by many governments including the UK (ministers are hoping to end all new transmissions by then). HIV advocates are quick to point to U=U, which stands for undetectable equals untransmittable, as a way to break the new transmission chain. This means that if someone living with HIV is on proper treatment, their viral load (the amount of the virus in their blood) becomes so low they have no risk of transmitting the virus to someone. But lingering stigma from decades of homophobia is holding the world back, says Deborah Gold, the chief executive of the British charity National Aids Trust. ‘Stigma was intertwined with the history of HIV from the beginning,’ she says. ‘When the first cases became publicly available, that was a time when public understanding of being gay was far less developed and public acceptance of homophobia was high. ‘Because of the way the epidemic developed, HIV was very much connected with the idea of gay men, intertwined with shame and blame. But anyone can acquire HIV – you don’t have to be a member of a (vulnerable) population.’ ‘Even though HIV has changed, people’s knowledge and understanding of HIV hasn’t,’ she adds. According to the THT, three in four people living with HIV say they have experienced discrimination. The stigma around HIV can play out in many forms; one-third say it came from friends, family or their workplace. So everyone getting tested for HIV is vital, says Dr Vanessa Apea, an NHS sexual health consultant and medical director at sexual health testing provider Preventx. Free tests are more widely available than ever before from sexual health clinics and GPs in the UK, with at-home kits that give a result in only 15 minutes now an option. ‘It doesn’t need to be shrouded in fear or negativity, there are safe spaces online and in clinical services for you to know your status,’ Dr Apea says. ‘But stigma is one of our biggest challenged in advancing HIV,’ adding: ‘There’s stigma in all areas of society. But HIV disproportionally impacts certain groups that tend to be more marginalised. ‘So all of that together can really affect how someone takes the decision to say, “I am going to take a test”.’ Other bigotries associated with gender identity, race, poverty, obesity and incarceration are only exacerbated by HIV prejudices, researchers say. This makes everyone regularly testing for HIV all the more important, experts say. ‘I think it’s incredible how far we’ve come with medication and cultural acceptance,’ adds Ellie, ‘but it really does still feel like we have a long way to go with stigma. ‘A lot of people still find sex a very taboo topic and still don’t know their status. ‘It’s important we continue to educate people of U=U and make strives towards eliminating the stigma and ending new transmissions.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.