Strikes are set to close schools and universities, cripple transport networks and disrupt public sector services today as unions stage one of the biggest days of co-ordinated action for a decade. At least 23,000 schools are expected to be affected as teachers walk out over pay, joined by university lecturers, train and bus drivers and civil servants including staff at driving test centres, museums, ports and airports. As well as pickets across the country there will also be ‘right to strike’ protests over a new government bill demanding minimum service levels in crucial sectors during industrial action. Downing Street conceded the mass walkout will cause significant disruption and make things ‘very difficult for the public trying to go about their daily lives’. And there were warnings yesterday of more strife in the weeks ahead, including further walkouts by NHS ambulance workers and firefighters’ first strike in 20 years. A Trades Union Congress report published today says the average public sector worker is now £203 per month worse off than in 2010. The union body expects up to 500,000 workers to stop work today, making it the biggest day of industrial action since November 30, 2011, when more than two million workers and over 30 trade unions walked out over public sector pensions. Today’s teachers’ strikes are the first in a wave of walkouts across England and Wales by the National Education Union this and next month. The NEU says pay for experienced teachers has ‘fallen by one-fifth in real terms since 2010’ and has hit out at the government’s pay offer of five per cent. Speaking on a teachers’ picket line in Warwickshire, Kevin Courtney, joint general secretary of the National Education Union (NEU), said: ‘The Government have been running down our education (system), underfunding our schools, and underpaying the people who work in them. ‘The thing that is making people come out is they’re seeing disruption in schools every day.’ He added: ‘They’re saying you can’t get maths teachers, you can’t get chemistry teachers, you can’t get computing teachers. ‘Primary schools, where you can’t find special needs assistants, because they’re taking jobs in supermarkets where they are paid better. ‘That’s what making people take action – they’re doing it to try and get the Government to try and improve the quality of education for our young people.’ Aslef union train drivers and RMT union workers at 14 rail operators will also stop work today and on Friday. Support for the strikes among train workers and the wider public is ‘getting stronger’ one year on from the first Aslef ballot, according to the union’s general secretary. Speaking at a picket outside London’s Euston station on the biggest day of strikes in the UK in more than a decade, Mick Whelan said: ‘We’ve seen polling this week that shows that the general public are supporting all the unions that are on strike, including the rail unions. ‘You’ll see from the hundreds of thousands of people that are on strike today across all sectors that the cost-of-living crisis doesn’t just impact on train drivers, it impacts on everybody. ‘Everybody knows somebody working somewhere that’s out on strike, about to go on strike or being balloted for strike action. ‘Quite simply, the Government has now got to listen – the people in this country are speaking, and they’re speaking volumes that they want a cost-of-living increase.’ Prime minister Rishi Sunak’s spokesman said ‘we think negotiations rather than picket lines are the right approach’. TUC general secretary Paul Nowak replied that the government needs to ‘stop attacking the right to strike and start negotiating with unions in good faith on public sector pay’. The Government’s new strikes law could hinder the future of industrial action. The Strikes (Minimum Services Levels) Bill cleared the Commons in a late-night Monday sitting, with MPs voting 315 to 246, a majority of 69. Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner said Labour would repeal it if the party was elected to power. She added: ‘It threatens key workers with the sack during a workers shortage and crisis, mounts an outright assault on the fundamental freedom of working people, while doing absolutely nothing to resolve the crisis at hand.’ What’s your opinion? Text the word VIEWS followed by your comment, name and where you live to 65700. Standard network charges apply. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.