As the death toll from the devastating earthquake which hit Turkey and Syria continues to rise, many Brits are looking at what they can do to help. More than 11,000 people have been killed and thousands have been left injured in 10 provinces across the Turkish-Syrian border. The devastation comes after two strong earthquakes of 7.7- and 7.6-magnitudes hit the region on Monday. It is feared that up to 20,000 people could have died, with many passing away or freezing to death beneath the rubble whilst waiting to be rescued. The UK Government has pledged to help and has sent a 77-strong crew and four dogs to the scene. But those at home are now wondering how they can help the search-and-rescue efforts – and the thousands who have been left homeless. Join Metro.co.uk as we take you through how you can do your bit for the victims. Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is providing life-saving medical care in north-west Syria. Sebastien Gay, MSF head of mission in Syria said: ‘In the first hours of the disaster, our teams treated around 200 wounded and we received 160 casualties in the facilities and the clinics that we run or support in northern Idlib.’] Tragically, one member of MSF was found dead beneath the rubble of his house. You can donate here. The British Red Cross has launched a crisis response in 10 regions in Turkey and the Hama, Aleppo and Latakia regions in Syria. They are helping with emergency first aid and evacuation efforts. Mike Adamson,  chief executive of the British Red Cross, said: ‘The priority right now is rescuing people from the rubble and the Red Cross Red Crescent teams are on the ground in Syria and Turkey.’ You can donate to them here. Unicef is focusing aid efforts on children and families in Syria by offering emergency shelter, water and sanitation. They have also said they are ‘ready to support the response in Turkey as and when requested by the government’. Unicef spokesman James Elder said they fear ‘thousands of children have been killed’. You can donate to Unicef here. Save the Children are collecting donations to help their emergency fund which will directly support children from Turkey and Syria. The charity said: ‘Save the Children’s teams on the ground are planning to support affected communities with winterization and emergency kits, including blankets and winter clothing.’ You can donate to Save the Children here. Oxfam is launching both immediate and long-term plans to help earthquake victims. The help they are expected to offer includes water, sanitation, shelter and food support. You can donate to Oxfam here. The White Helmets is a volunteer organisation in Syria that was set up to help the victims of the civil war in 2014. They are providing search-and-rescue, evacuation and other services to help civilians impacted by the disaster in North West Syria. You can donate to them here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.