Christian Atsu has reportedly been found alive following reports that he was ‘trapped’ beneath rubble after an earthquake in Turkey. The Ghanaian international footballer was caught up in the devastating 7.8 quake. He was understood to have been with other players and staff from his current team, Turkish Super Lig side Hatayspor, inside a building which collapsed around them. His teammates were pulled out alive, but there whereabouts of Atsu had remained unclear. Portuguese outlet A Bola have since reported that the footballer has now been rescued and taken to hospital. He reportedly is suffering from breathing difficulties and injuries to his right foot. Earlier, Newcastle United had said they are ‘praying for some positive news’, tweeting a picture of Atsu, who played for the team between 2016 and 2021. Two earthquakes of magnitude 7.8 and 7.5 hit southern and central Turkey and parts of Syria in less than 12 hours. The death toll in Turkey stands at more than 2,800, with pictures suggesting catastrophic damage to buildings in many towns and villages. Some 800 people are dead and 2,000 injured in Syria, according to local officials and humanitarian groups quoted by the AFP news agency. Tonight, rescue workers and civilians passed chunks of concrete to each other across mountains of rubble in a desperate search for survivors trapped by a devastating earthquake. In some places around Turkey, survivors could be heard screaming from beneath collapsed buildings. Rescue efforts continued as darkness, rain and cold enveloped Turkey and Syria. In Kahramanmaras province in Turkey, rescuers pulled two children alive from the rubble. In Adana, Turkey, about 20 people, some in emergency rescue jackets, used power saws to carve out space that would let any survivors climb out or be rescued. Later, mechanical diggers joined the efforts as bright spotlights illuminated the wreckage. Thousands of search-and-rescue personnel, firefighters and medics were working across 10 provinces, along with some 3,500 soldiers. Residents lifted rubble and unearthed people heard screaming from beneath buildings. Turkish military ambulance planes were transporting the injured to Istanbul and Ankara hospitals, the defence ministry said. Rescuers from across Turkey tried to make it to the provinces amid heavy snow and rainstorms. In Syria, a man held the body of a girl in his arms beside a two-story collapsed building as he walked away from the debris. He and a woman set the girl on the ground, wrapping her in a large blanket to protect her from the rain. An official with Turkey’s disaster management authority said 6,445 people had been rescued across 10 provinces. The official, Orhan Tatar, said 5,606 buildings had collapsed. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.