Two years after facing several sexual abuse allegations that effectively put a stopper on his acting career, Armie Hammer has spoken out, and alleged that he was the subject of abuse himself. In 2021, the Call Me By Your Name star was accused of emotional abuse, violence and sexual assault by multiple women, claims which he continues to deny. But shortly after the allegations were made public, Hammer, 35, checked into a rehab facility in Florida for seven months, seeking help for drug, alcohol, and sex issues. Now, in a new interview, Hammer has said that he contemplated suicide when the headlines began breaking, and claimed that he was sexually abused by a youth pastor at 13. The subject of an LAPD investigation after being accused of rape, Hammer denies any criminal wrongdoing, but said that he was emotionally abusive towards former partners. Accused of also having cannibalistic fetishes, Hammer said that his interest in BDSM came from being sexually abused by his youth pastor when he was 13 years old. ‘What that did for me was it introduced sexuality into my life in a way that it was completely out of my control,” he told digital newsletter Air Mail, via Variety. ‘I was powerless in the situation. I had no agency in the situation. Sexuality was introduced to me in a scary way where I had no control. ‘My interests then went to: I want to have control in the situation, sexually.’ Telling the publication that he told two people about his childhood abuse, it reported that it corroborated Hammer’s account with his godmother. After being accused of sexual abuse and improper behaviour by numerous women, Hammer was dropped by his agency and was fired from projects including the recently-released movie Shotgun Wedding, which stars Jennifer Lopez. Over the past two years he has been working as a timeshare salesman in the Cayman Islands and also spent time in a recovery facility. As his career and personal life began unravelling – Hammer’s decade-long marriage to Elizabeth Chambers broke down around the same time – he said that he considered taking his own life. However, he said that he realised he couldn’t follow through while thinking of his kids, Harper and Ford. Speaking about his relationships with accusers Courtney Vucekovich and Paige Lorenze, Hammer acknowledged that he was ‘one million per cent’ emotionally abuse towards them both. He said being a successful actor allowed him to draw in younger women, which he said led to an ‘imbalance of power’, which caused him to act like ‘an a**hole’. Going on to say that he wanted to ‘own my mistakes and take accountability’, Hammer said that he was now a ‘healthier, happier and more balanced person’. Adding that, if given the choice, he wouldn’t go back and undo everything that had happened, he is now also acting as a sober companion to someone else dealing with addiction issues. It was also previously reported that Hammer was supported throughout the past two years by Robert Downey Jr. Vanity Fair previously reported that Downey Jr paid for Hammer’s treatment and gave him additional financial assistance and somewhere to stay while he got back on his feet. Lamenting ‘cancel culture, woke-mob business’, Hammer said that Downey Jr was an example of someone who had found ‘redemption’. He added that he felt like he had been ‘thrown on the fire’ by people who wanted to protect themselves. Late last year, the allegations against Hammer were the focus of the documentary House of Hammer, which spoke to some of his accusers and revealed some of the alleged text messages he sent women he was seeing. Some included references to the sender wanting to tie them up and even eat them. Hammer has consistently denied all allegations of sexual abuse and rape, stating that all interactions with the women in question were consensual. His attorney, Andrew Brettler, said in a statement to Metro.co.uk at the time: ‘From day one, Mr Hammer has maintained that all of his interactions [with every sexual partner] have been completely consensual, discussed and agreed upon in advance, and mutually participatory.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dakota Johnson shocks as she makes Armie Hammer jibe amid ‘cannibalism’ controversy at Sundance Film Festival dinner MORE : Armie Hammer’s dad, Michael Armand Hammer, dies aged 67  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 