Paul Merson has made his prediction for Arsenal’s trip to Leicester City and claims ‘the nerves are starting to show’ at the Premier League leaders. The Gunners recovered from a slight wobble to beat Aston Villa 4-2 last weekend, with Manchester City’s subsequent 1-1 draw at Nottingham Forest ensuring the defending champions are two points behind Mikel Arteta’s side. Arsenal are seeking a first league title since 2004 and on Saturday face a Leicester side struggling for consistency under Brendan Rodgers. The Foxes are currently 14th in the Premier League – four points above the relegation zone – and lost 3-0 to Manchester United last time out. Merson admits Arsenal have been ‘nervous’ and ‘shaky’ in recent weeks but expects the Gunners to edge a thrilling Premier League clash at the King Power Stadium. ‘Arsenal will win this game,’ the former Arsenal and England winger told Sportskeeda. ‘I thought Leicester were unlucky the other day against Manchester United. They could have been 2-0 up before United started scoring.  ‘Leicester will cause problems for Arsenal this weekend. If they hadn’t missed a couple of big chances and David de Gea didn’t make those massive saves, Leicester could have got a result at Old Trafford last Sunday. ‘Meanwhile, this could be a defining game for Arsenal. Manchester City, I think, will definitely beat Bournemouth. ‘If Arsenal win here and then beat Everton in midweek, which is their game in hand, they will go five points clear at the top again. ‘Arsenal have a relatively easy set of fixtures coming up and if City falter in any of these upcoming game weeks, the Gunners could well be on their way to winning the title. Arsenal are the team to watch right now. ‘Mikel Arteta’s side seem to get a little nervous on occasion and they’re a bit caught in between wanting to be defensively solid and going all-out in attack. ‘They should ideally score the first goal and if they do that, they’ll play their best football for the rest of the game. ‘But they haven’t been doing that much in recent games and that’s what has led to them being shaky at the back because the nerves are starting to show. ‘I expect Arsenal to come out on top in an entertaining game, 3-2.’ MORE : Arsenal failed with €70m bid for Barcelona winger Raphinha in January MORE : Bukayo Saka to become Arsenal’s highest-paid player as he agrees new deal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 