Members of Manchester United’s women’s team have major concerns over the possibility of Mason Greenwood returning to first-team training. The 21-year-old was arrested in January 2022 amid allegations surrounding images and videos that appeared on social media and has not played for the club since. Last week, charges of attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and one count of assault occasioning actual bodily harm were dropped with United now holding their own internal investigation. Greenwood denies the charges. Greenwood will not play for United while the investigation takes place and has so far not returned to the club’s training base at Carrington. United’s training base is shared by the men’s and women’s teams with The Times reporting some members of United Women would be unhappy were Greenwood be recalled to first-team training. Female members of club staff would also object to his return. Those concerns are shared by members of the men’s squad, while others would have ‘no objections’ given he has not been found guilty of any crimes. The report also claims United’s commercial partners are ‘concerned’ over the prospect of him being brought back into the fold. Nike have already cut ties with the player. While there was some confusion over the matter last week after Greenwood added the sportswear giant back to his Instagram bio, they later reiterated ‘Mason Greenwood is no longer a Nike athlete.’ United’s investigation is expected to take several months, effectively ruling out the possibility of Greenwood returning this season. The striker has two years left on his current contract at Old Trafford with the option to extend that by a further 12 months. Greenwood made 129 appearances for his boyhood club before being suspended, scoring 35 goals. He made his one and only England appearance in September 2020. Should United decide to cut ties with the player, either by selling him in the summer or more drastically, terminating his contract, he is said to be considering a move abroad to resume his career. MORE : Mason Greenwood set to miss remainder of the season as Manchester United weigh up three summer options MORE : Man Utd striker Mason Greenwood holds first conversation with Erik ten Hag since charges dropped For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 