Tommy Fury has branded rapper Drake a ‘silly fella’ for betting against him in his win over Jake Paul, while he rubbished the YouTuber’s claims of being ill and hit out at KSI. Despite being knocked down by the American in the eighth and final round of Sunday’s showpiece in Saudi Arabia, Fury out-pointed his opponent for much of the contest and claimed a split-decision victory. Afterwards, Paul cheekily suggested his defeat was the result of ‘the Drake curse’ after the US rapper placed a $400,000 (£334k) bet on his compatriot to win. Tommy’s older brother, WBC heavyweight champion Tyson, joked that Drake had thrown his money ‘down the toilet’ and the younger Fury was delighted to prove the ‘Hotline Bling’ hit-maker wrong. Asked about Drake’s mammoth bet, Tommy told iFL TV on Monday morning: ‘He’s lost a lot of money the silly fella! ‘Well, he’s not a silly fella, obviously $400k to him is about £4 to us. I dunno, it is what it is. Drake… he won’t be doing that again will he?’ After the fight, Paul claimed he had been suffering from an illness in the build-up to the bout and felt ‘flat’ in the ring – though Fury believes that is just sour grapes. He continued: ‘I mean, it is what it is. It wouldn’t be my approach if I lost a fight. I’d say, “Fair and square the better man won” even if I had been ill. ‘I don’t believe he’s been ill, because he wasn’t ill when he was posting all the way through social media about how great his camp has been, and how great this has been and that’s been. ‘So I wouldn’t buy into that. He got beaten fair and square last night, and that’s it. If he wants to make excuses he can do, but it is what it is, he got beat.’ On why he expects to beat Paul even more easily in a potential LA rematch, he continued: ‘Because I’ve got more experience now. That was my first time ever in a big main event, a big worldwide fight. Next time round, in the same magnitude of event, I’ll have that experience underneath my belt. ‘And I feel like I’ve been in the ring with Jake now, I know his weaknesses and I know his strengths, and I believe if I had pressed the fight a little bit more yesterday I would have got him out of there but you can’t have everything. You win and you learn and the next fight I’ll get him out of there.’ Tommy also took aim at KSI – who started the YouTube boxing phenomenon when he fought Jake’s brother Logan – after he criticised the quality of Sunday’s fight and claimed he would knockout both men. ‘Just more YouTube talk innit. What do you expect out of these YouTubers? It’s all they can say,’ responded Fury. ‘He’s sat there at his house in London, watching on. It’s a lot easier looking at it and commenting but try getting in the ring and doing it – it’s a completely different story. KSI, he’s not even in my thoughts because he really is awful. I put Jake Paul above KSI, so he’s not even in my thought process at the minute.’ MORE : Deontay Wilder blames referee for Jake Paul’s defeat to Tommy Fury MORE : Jake Paul and Tommy Fury already targeting rematch after Saudi Arabia fight ended in split decision For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 