It’s official: we’re in the era of the micro-accessory. Whether it’s a teeny micro mini skirt, micro manicures or an impractically small bag, it seems less is certainly more at the moment. Now, that mantra even applies to our hair. How do we know? Florence Pugh said so. The Don’t Worry Darling actress dropped jaws at Sunday night’s Bafta award ceremony, where she donned a structural updo complete with a soft micro fringe. Want in on the trend? There are a few things you’ll want to consider. Namely, you need to think about how soft or blunt you want your fringe, how short you’re willing to go and, of course, where you want your parting to sit. ‘Micro or baby fringes pull all the attention to your eyes, and can work great for all hair textures, lengths and face shapes. Florence demonstrates it beautifully on her heart-shaped face,’ Daisy Evans, hair lead at Lush, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Generally, you can either go all-out with a super blunt edge, which works best for straighter hair and heart, oval or oblong face shapes – or soften the look with a choppy or feathery version to work with waves and curls, and if your face is more square or round.’ Make sure to take reference pictures into the hairdressers and ask your stylist for advice if you’re unsure. If you’re not into styling your hair daily, a micro fringe isn’t for you. ‘Unlike an eyebrow-length fringe which you can usually clip back if you’re just running to the shops, the micro fringe isn’t as easily gripped back or hidden beneath a headband,’ says Daisy. Essentially, there’s no hiding a botched styling job. That being said, just because micro fringes require frequent styling, that doesn’t mean that styling them is difficult. Daisy recommends adding a little bit of gel or mousse to your damp fringe to help give it some weight. From there, you can either let it dry naturally or blow dry it downwards using your fingers rather than a brush or comb. While you can occasionally use straighteners to get the job done, Daisy says they should largely be avoided. ‘Here and there, if your hair needs it, you can lightly whip the straighteners through the edges of the fringe to persuade the ends to sit more on the forehead,’ she says. ‘But if you use it more than that, you’re more likely to have static, floating, stiff hairs that you might struggle to make work.’ As Daisy says, a micro fringe can ‘totally refresh your look and could be just what you need to express yourself and upgrade your style,’ – but it is a statement look, so you need to be confident that you’re ready for the chop. It’s important to remember that micro fringes take a lot longer to grow out than normal bangs, since they’re twice as short, so it is a fairly big commitment. How long it’ll take will depend on your own hair type, but we’re talking weeks – not days. ‘If you want to let it grow out, you will soon enough see some length as your micro fringe turns into a standard length fringe,’ says Daisy. ‘From there, you can decide to maintain your new length or continue to soften the edges and let it grow out.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Florence Pugh’s new blunt fringe and show-stopping orange dress steal Baftas red carpet MORE : Micro manicures are the new chic nail trend where less is more MORE : ‘Wednesday bangs’ are the latest trending haircut – a stylist shares everything to know