Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse has shared a series of stunning snaps as she and her husband renewed their vows in the Maldives. The 41-year-old married fellow dancer Evgenij Voznyuk back in 2017, and have now shared another celebration with Motsi looking glamorous in a white wedding dress. The pair appeared to enjoy an intimate ceremony on the beach, where they cut an elegant butterfly cake and posed in front of the sunset surrounded by a heart fired into the sand. They looked as happy as ever walking along the beach together on rose petals, as Motsi lovingly admired her husband. Motsi and Evgenij rarely show their marriage on social media and keep their private lives out of the spotlight, but their post was showered with comments from adoring fans. However, over the last year, Motsi has taken to social media to share updates on her husband’s Ukrainian family, who have had to move due to the ongoing Russian invasion. She shared with fans how her husband Evgenij Voznyuk’s parents were stranded in Ukraine after flights and other ways of the country had been halted. At the time, she wrote: ‘It’s heartbreaking hearing my mother in law crying this morning, afraid and there absolutely nothing we can do. Just Sad honestly. ‘Our parents have been [told] to go outside and to switch off water &gas! They have no possibility to get to the polish border.’ She later confirmed her in-laws were safe, saying: ‘The house is gone, they live with us now, probably forever. ‘It affects us all seeing those pictures.’ She went on to reveal how impacted she had personally been by the ongoing conflict: ‘When it affected my husband so much I didn’t think it would affect me so much. ‘Within a day, we’ve got on social media… people are tired of us eating pizza and sushi and content like that. ‘I raised awareness with candles, selling candles and donating… we collected food, my husband went to the border and picked up some people and got them out.’ She expressed her deep emotions over the war, adding: ‘It breaks my heart… I can literally cry. People will do anything. We are watching from the outside and you think, how can I help?’ Motsi and Evgenij married three years after meeting each other, with the Strictly judge previously saying she could relate to the show’s notorious curse after her own experience. The South African pro married German dancer Timo Kulczak in 2003 when she was 22 years old, after they met four years before at the Blackpool Dance Festival. However, after 11 years together, Motsi fell for her dance partner Evgenij, saying: ‘Three years later whoosh! And then I was married.’ After winning the German Latin American title in 2013, Motsi and Ukrainian Evgenij retired with a final rumba on the German version of Strictly – and it was then that Motsi knew she had feelings for her partner. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Motsi Mabuse hits out at ‘triggered racists’ in scathing message MORE : Motsi Mabuse fights back tears as she gushes over Fleur East’s Strictly Come Dancing performance: ‘I am so proud of you’ 