A 74-year-old woman was stabbed to death in a park in broad daylight as dog walkers and passers-by tried to save her life. Police were called to Ludwell Valley Park in Exeter at around 4pm yesterday after reports that a 74-year-old woman had been seriously assaulted. Despite the efforts of paramedics, she died at the scene. Officers have informed her next of kin and formal identification of her body is due to take place, police have said. A man in his 30s and reportedly from the Exmouth area, is already being questioned by police in connection with the incident. Chief Superintendent Dan Evans of the Devon and Cornwall Police said: ‘We do not currently believe that the victim and suspect are known to each other and we are not currently seeking anyone else in connection to this murder, which is being treated as an isolated incident.’ Authorities had released a CCTV picture of a man captured outside the Wonford Sports Centre at 3:17pm, cautioning the public not to approach him as he may be armed and dangerous. Armed officers made their arrest just after 9:30pm at the Yorkshire Building Society on Exeter High Street. Locals have expressed shock and alarm at news of the incident. One person said: ‘It’s horrific to think an old lady can be murdered walking through a park in broad daylight. ‘The area has got so much worse recently, I don’t even let my teenage son out on his own in case he runs into bother. ‘I feel so sorry for the victim’s family.’ Superintendent Tom Holmes said: ‘Whilst [the arrest] is a positive update, a major response remains in place and our investigation into this murder continues.’ The senior officer urged local residents not to ‘speculate’ as to the identity of victim or the person responsible for the attack. He added: ‘A heightened police presence will remain across key areas of Exeter, including the Wonford area where a number of cordons remain in place. ‘We are currently not looking for anyone else in connection to this offence. ‘Even though we have a man in custody, this doesn’t mean that we are no longer appealing for information. ‘It is vital that if you have any information relating to this incident, that you contact us immediately. ‘If you have yet to have spoken to us and have information that relates to this investigation, please call 999 quoting log number 600 18 February. ‘Our thoughts are with the family and the loved ones of the victim, and we will continue to do all we can to support them during this tragic time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.