Notorious prisoner Charles Bronson could be free in months after finally being given a date for his public parole hearing. In a letter sent to his ‘long-lost son’, paparazzi photographer George Bamby, Bronson said: ‘We’ve  been waiting a long time for this. What will be will be now!’ He added in the note: ‘I’ve worked hard to get a result, I’ve earned my freedom or at least some serious progression. Keep the faith George, I’m coming home.’ Now going by Charles Salvador after the painter Salvador Dali, Britain’s ‘most dangerous’ inmate, 70, has been fundraising to buy a caravan in Devon where he can ‘live a quiet life and do his artwork’. He said if he manages to buy one it can be used to give children a free holiday until he needs it, LADbible reports. The JustGiving page reads: ‘Charlie’s dream is to live in a caravan on a caravan site in Devon when he is released, where he can live a quiet life and do his artwork and live out the rest of his days as a pensioner.’ It adds in ‘a message from Charlie himself’: ‘God bless you all. It’s about time a few people helped me for a change. I’m looking forward to catching up with you all down the pub when I get out.’ The Parole Board confirmed his public hearing has been listed for March 6 and 8. Bronson has previously written to Metro from the high-security estate at HMP Woodhill in Milton Keynes, declaring he will ‘make history’ after becoming the first to request a public ‘jam roll’ hearing. He wrote: ‘We could, should, make history here. ‘This mob have now run out of excuses on locking me up in a concrete coffin. ‘It’s now just pure vindictiveness. Make believe crap.’ The prisoner has also admitted  he ‘probably deserves a good 30 years caged up’ but called the previous 20 ‘nothing but revenge’. He told Metro: ‘There is no more sweeping my case under the mat. ‘I’ve nothing to hide from the media or public. It’s this vindictive system that runs from the truth. ‘I’m the first to admit I probably deserve a good 30 years caged up and all the brutality against me. ‘But this last 20 years has been nothing but revenge – to make an example of a man they forever label an out of control lunatic. ‘This is my time now.’ Bronson is one of the UK’s most infamous and longest serving prisoners. Born Michael Gordon Peterson in Luton, Bedfordshire, in 1952, he indulged in petty crime from a young age. After receiving a several reprimands and suspended sentences, he was handed a seven-year sentence for armed robbery in 1974. Aside from two brief stints of freedom, he has remained incarcerated ever since. Bronson’s sentence began growing longer and he was switched between various prisons following attacks on guards and fellow inmates. He was moved to Parkhurst psychiatric facility, where he befriended the Kray twins, in 1976. Chronicling his subsequent spell at Broadmoor, Bronson described being in Ronnie Kray’s company as ‘like sitting with royalty’. He staged one of his famous rooftop protests at the high-security psychiatric facility, causing thousands of pounds worth of damage before coming down when officials agreed to his demand for fish and chips, a mug of tea, and some apple pie and pink custard. Bronson was released in 1987 but was back inside again just 69 days later following another armed robbery. During that time, he began a short-lived career as a bare-knuckle boxer. He changed his name to Charles Bronson on the advice of his promoter. He was freed again in 1992 and spent even less time outside, being arrested over a robbery conspiracy some 53 days later and given an eight-year stretch. While on remand, he took a librarian hostage and told police to bring him an inflatable doll, a helicopter, and a cup of tea. In 1996, he took two Iraqi hijackers and another inmate hostage at the high-security Belmarsh Prison and insisted they call him ‘General’. Bronson told negotiators he would eat one of them before demanding a helicopter to Cuba, a cheese and pickle sandwich and an ice cream to end the stand-off. That came two years after he held a deputy prison governor hostage and one before he kidnapped an art teacher who criticised one of his paintings. Bronson was sentenced in 2000 to a discretionary life term with a minimum of four years for the latter offence. Writing in his book ‘Bronson’, published that same year, he said: ‘I’m a nice guy, but sometimes I lose all my senses and become nasty. That doesn’t make me evil, just confused.’ Tom Hardy played him in the 2008 biopic of the same name which is loosely based on the hardman’s life. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.