This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Tickets for the UK run of Beyonce’s Renaissance tour are now officially on presale. Queen Bey announced her return to the world’s stages on Wednesday and will promote her seventh studio album with a series of blockbuster dates across the globe. But fans flocked to Twitter on Thursday with reports that 02’s priority app was down, with one Beyonce fan saying the presale disaster had them on the verge of tears and another writing it would ‘be the death of them’ and someone else saying they were ‘sick to their stomach’ ‘Presale crashing for beyonce… genuinely about to cry,’ tweeted one person, with another adding: ‘Cause of death: Beyoncé presale.’ ‘70,000 people in the o2 priority queue for beyoncé in london im actually sick to my stomach,’ added another social media user. Meanwhile, comments like: ‘Beyoncé presale tickets have crashed the O2 priority app,’ ‘Lmaooooooo they crashed the O2 priority app’ and ‘Not O2 Priority crashing when Beyoncé presale is in 10 minutes’ flooded the social media site on Thursday morning. A Virgin Media O2 spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘We apologise to customers who are experiencing difficulties trying to get Beyonce tickets through our Priority platform today. We’re seeing huge demand and we’re doing everything we can to get the platform back up and running as soon as possible.’ On Wednesday, Ticketmaster’s page confirmed there would be an O2 presale from Thursday, February 2 at 10am to Friday, February 3 at 6pm with tickets available here. Separate Live Nation and venue presales will reportedly take place from 10am to 6pm on Friday, with Live Nation tickets available here. The highly-anticipated extravaganza marks the hitmaker’s first run of UK live performances since her On the Run tour – which made 48 stops across North America and Europe in 2018. The 2023 tour is due to kick off on May 10, 2023, at Friends Arena in Stockholm and will then continue making stops throughout Europe in cities such as Cardiff, Edinburgh, Sunderland, Paris, London, Marseille, Amsterdam and Warsaw, to name but a few. For fans in London, the star will perform two shows on May 29 andMay 30, 2023. Further ticketing will kick off on Monday, February 6, 2023 with an exclusive presale to BeyHive members from 10am to 6pm. General onsale will start at 10am on Tuesday February 7. Beyonce will also take her chart-topping tunes across the water to North America, performing shows in Toronto, Chicago, East Rutherford, Atlanta, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, and Houston. Other key cities that are expecting a visit from the Crazy In Love singer include Brussels, Barcelona, Cologne, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Boston, Charlotte, Dallas, Detroit, Kansas City, Louisville, Miami, Minneapolis, Nashville, New Orleans, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, St. Louis, Tampa and Vancouver. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alicia Silverstone brings back iconic Clueless outfit for Super Bowl advert, and we’re totally buggin’ MORE : Will Happy Valley’s Ann turn murderous and finally get revenge on Tommy? Fans think so  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 