About 2million air fryers have been recalled after a defect was discovered in their wiring, causing a potential fire risk. The US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) and Health Canada issued the recall for Cosori brand air fryers sold at a number of retailers from 2018 to December 2022. According to the CPSC, a wire connection in the units has the potential to overheat, causing a risk of ‘catching fire, burning, melting, overheating, and smoking.’ The company has received 205 reports of these issues, leading to 10 injuries and 23 instances of minor property damage. Cosori said they were alerted to the issue after these reports came in, and issued the recall after an internal investigation. ‘All of our products are rigorously and routinely tested for consumer safety and are in full compliance with established industry standards,’ they stated. A total of 2million Cosori air fryers were sold in the US over the last four years, with another 250,000 sold in Canada and 21,000 sold in Mexico. The air fryers were sold at brick-and-mortar retailers Best Buy, Target, and Home Depot. Additionally, they were sold at a much larger number of online retailers, including Amazon, Walmart, and eBay. The appliances were priced in the $70 to $120 range. Cosori set up a website to coordinate returns from customers who bought at-risk models. These can be identified by a model number and batch number found on the bottom of the appliance. The company is recalling all 2million units sold, even if the customer is not currently experiencing any issues with the appliance. ‘Cosori is committed to the safety of those who use and love our products, and we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience’ the company stated. The recalled products can be returned for a new model or another product. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.