Work life comes with ups and downs – there are more stressful periods, as well as times we feel like we are nailing our output. However, if you’re currently lacking inspiration at work, or feel like you’re stuck in a bit of a rut, a new workplace phenomenon might come in handy. ‘Quite thriving’ is a new trend that’s all about re-engaging with work by rediscovering various passions again. Whereas ‘quiet quitting’ was all about checking out and doing the minimum to get by, quiet thriving is a lot more positive. Instead, it’s all about reigniting interest at work – all without taking on too much and burning out in the process. ‘Quiet thriving is a concept that emerged after the quiet quitting trend became widely discussed at the end of 2022,’ explains Gosia Bowling, the national lead for emotional wellbeing at Nuffield Health ‘Quiet quitting refers to completing the minimum requirements of one’s job. Individuals put in no more time, effort, or energy than needed. ‘In contrast, quiet thriving encourages employees to do the opposite, by finding ways to re-engage with their work and find enjoyment again, without overdoing it and burning themselves out.’ And it’s clear it’s a pretty common workplace issue – as a recent poll found that just 9% of UK employees feel engaged with their work. If this is you, and you want to get things back on track, experts have shared some tips on how you can be ‘quietly thriving’ in no time. A lot of it comes down to perspective and mindset. If you try and reframe any negative thoughts with more positive ones, this can encourage a renewed interest in things and increase productivity as a result – not just at work but in all areas in life. Gosia explains: ‘If you approach your role with a negative mindset at the start of each day, you will only be able to see the parts of the job that you dislike and will overlook the positive aspects. ‘Instead, try to shift your mindset and look for the beneficial parts of your position that you enjoy and give you a sense of purpose. ‘Negativity is commonly associated as one of the stronger emotions, so consistent practice of positive thinking is essential to reduce daily pessimistic thoughts.’ If there are responsibilities of your job that you enjoy more than others, have a discussion with your manager to see if there are ways to expand on them and talk about how to cope with the tasks you dislike, explains Gosia. She adds: ‘This process is often referred to as “job crafting”, which is the process of an employee shaping their role to be more appealing, often with the help of a manager. ‘Not only can this improve your attitude toward your work, but it can also lead to further opportunities to complete tasks that you enjoy – and allows your manager to have a better understanding of your strengths.’ It can be helpful to write down what you can do to maintain a future-focused and creative mind, suggests Pippa Buxton, a career and leadership coach at Polygon Coaching. She says: ‘Think about how can you replace any unhelpful thoughts and habits with ones that energise you. ‘Maybe it’s committing to active relaxation, like exercise or creative activities or being in a social community, to bring you the balance to flourish at work.’ Clear-cut boundaries – like finishing on time, using your entire lunchbreak, and not responding to emails during OOO hours – are vital for keeping burnout at bay. Gosia says: ‘Set a start and finish time to stick to during the working day and be strict about not checking emails or messages outside of work hours. ‘This will also give you more time to enjoy other aspects of your life outside of work. In a recent survey on stress and wellbeing, four in five participants found spending time on a hobby highly effective in managing stress. Further research suggests people with some hobbies are less likely to suffer from low mood, and depression. ‘This is especially needed for those who feel overwhelmed by their work and ever-growing to-do lists, to recharge their batteries by doing an activity that sparks joy.’ ‘Quiet thriving relies on being able to motivate yourself without others holding you accountable,’ adds Pippa. ‘If we share our goals it can trick the unconscious brain into believing that they are already achieved.’ Instead, Pippa suggests working independently and shouting about successes when we achieve them. Then, you’ll have evidence of your resilience and performance to take into your next review – not to mention it will be a mood boost. Your co-workers play a huge role in your day-to-day – and therefore your enjoyment of it. So having a good relationship with them is pretty important. Not to mention, this can also help us to feel more engaged at work. Gosia says: ‘Positive relationships with your colleagues are hugely important for emotional wellbeing, as they can create a more relaxed and sociable environment to work in. ‘Co-worker interaction can help to relieve boredom from day-to-day tasks, and employees who work with friends are seven times more likely to be engaged with their job. ‘Interaction with colleagues during breaks and workplace socials can help to cultivate these relationships.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 6 tips to stay warm while working from home this winter MORE : How I Made It: ‘I left my architecture career in Venice to be a chef in London’ MORE : The Big Happiness Interview: Sarah Aviram on how to be happy at work