If you’re pals with Alison Hammond, you might want to buy a hat – because she appears to be engaged! The This Morning icon has been dating Ben Hawkins for two years, keeping their romance mostly private. However, according to the presenter’s future father-in-law, Alison is set to walk down the aisle with her gardener boyfriend. Colin Hawkins, 72, has spilled the secret, revealing the pair ‘proposed to one another’. Asked by MailOnline if his son and Alison were engaged, he said: ‘I do know they have both proposed to one another but there are no rings that I know of.’ He also hailed Alison, 48, the ‘nicest woman we’ve ever met’ and spoke of how loved-up the two are. ‘They are really happy but they haven’t got everything sorted just yet but they are both talking about marriage, that is true,’ he explained. ‘What I do know is that when it happens, none of us will know about it because it’ll be done in private. That much they have told me. ‘I love Alison to bits. She’s the nicest woman we’ve ever met. I would love to tell you a load of stories and they are all good, but I can’t because she’s asked us to keep things private.’ He added that you can always go to Alison when you’re ‘in trouble’ and ‘she will help you.’ ‘That’s the way she is,’ he declared. ‘I know they will get it together and I won’t be there to see it but it will be a very proud day for me. I will be Alison’s father-in-law and that’ll be lovely.’ While we don’t know the ins and outs of Alison and Ben’s romance, the former Big Brother star has previously confirmed she has ‘someone special’ in her life. The television personality previously told My Weekly magazine: ‘There’s someone special and if he wants to pop the question, he can pop away.’ While she didn’t name names, Alison revealed she had been with the guy for a little while now and that he ‘worships’ her and proves it by giving her a daily foot rub, which is exactly the kind of pampering she deserves, right? She spilled: ‘A year-and-a-half I’ve been with him, and no one knew. He absolutely worships me and massages my feet every single day. What more do you want?’ The Birmingham star previously split from her fiancée Jamie Savage in 2017 after three years of dating. She also has a 18-year-old son Aiden with her ex, Noureddine Boufaied. In 2020, Alison was also briefly involved with Ben Kusi after they met on Celebs Go Dating. Reps for Alison Hammond have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicola Peltz appears to discuss Harry and Meghan ahead of wedding guest list planning MORE : Taron Egerton is all of us as he’s distracted mid-interview by Florence Pugh at the Baftas 