Mercury is making itself known today and could have an impact on your star sign. For Sagittarius, you can be quite tough when it comes to money and business matters so, as Mercury prepares to align with prudent Saturn, you could drive a hard bargain today, Archer. Meanwhile for Pisces, with Mercury moving through your private zone, you may be very aware of the subtle nuances in key bonds. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 28, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 The Moon in chatty Gemini can find you eager to interact and acquire information. With an emphasis on the spotlight and gaining a sound reputation, you can use this influence to promote your plans and attract attention. The urge to connect with people on your wavelength is a good one, as one conversation could be a revelation, giving you fresh ideas you’ll be keen to use, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Ready to help others? You may be eager to back a cause or idea that touches your heart, and that has changed others’ lives. Key influences can find you ready to make that commitment, and to feel so pleased that you have done so. Mercury and Saturn in a prominent zone, suggest others may take your actions seriously, and if they like what you’re doing, they’ll follow your example. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You could gain plaudits for bringing a fresh approach to a task or project. And if you need to persuade others that your ideas will work, you’ll easily be able to do so. Your mind is sharp and focused, making it a simple matter to take advantage of opportunities and get the best deals. You continue to benefit from making wise choices, but understanding your motives can also help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Perhaps all you want is some peace, but responsibilities could make it difficult for this to happen. The Moon in a quiet zone, can find you naturally inclined to take a step back and reflect on your current situation. If people are making demands, then you don’t have to agree to anything. If you tend to give in too easily, it’s time to be strong and let them know you’re no pushover. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 The Gemini Moon in your social sector, could find you spilling your secrets without a care in the world. And yet doing so can water down your intentions, weakening them and making it less likely that you’ll act on your best ideas. If you have a plan, keep it to yourself until you’ve got off to a good start and are carried along by the momentum. Then you’ll hit the success button. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Need to get something off your chest? If you openly spill the beans, you’ll get a lot more support than you reckoned on. Friends will easily empathize with you, and may be keen to share their experiences. You’ll quickly realize that you’re not the only one who’s had such problems, and this could leave you easier. Input from others who have found a solution may be comforting. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Moon in Gemini forges an upbeat angle with Mercury, which hints at a positive encounter. You may find you have so much in common, inspiring you to take things further. If you’re looking for work, business or a collaboration, today’s line-up can find you eager to make a proposal and see how things pan out. Want to succeed? It helps to be more decisive, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Upbeat Jupiter in your lifestyle zone, encourages you to harness a sense of adventure. Follow the urge to make discoveries and enjoy fresh experiences. Other factors encourage you not to give up on something that doesn’t seem to be working out that well. If you’re at a low ebb with it, put it on the back burner for a while until you start fizzing and bubbling with enthusiasm again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A chat with someone could generate amazing ideas. If you have an entrepreneurial streak, then you may be keen to leap into action with a plan that might enhance your income or benefit you in other ways. You can be quite tough when it comes to money and business matters, so as Mercury prepares to align with prudent Saturn, you could drive a hard bargain today, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 In two minds about what to do next? The idea of taking a small risk by spending money on something you want, could boost your morale. And yet you may feel that any small luxuries, even certain leisure activities, should be cut back so you can build up financial security. Finding the right balance will leave you happier. It really will pay to be kinder to yourself, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 While you could take the more cautious route, a side of you seems determined to prove just how brave and courageous you can be. And yet there’s a suggestion that you might end up being more reckless than bold, and this is something to watch out for. Right now, a restless urge could find you hurrying things along or making an impulsive decision that you may regret later. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If you’ve fallen out with someone you care about, it’s not too late to reach out and say sorry. The Moon’s tie with the planet of talk and thought, means a healing discussion could work wonders. Plus, with Mercury moving through a private zone, you’ll be very aware of the subtle nuances in key bonds. You may need to be stronger with certain people and give more leeway to others. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 26 to March 4 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of March 2023 MORE : Venus in Aries makes for drama in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope