Love Island’s Wes Nelson somewhat agreed with his ex-girlfriend Megan Barton Hanson, after she claimed he was ‘vanilla’ in the bedroom. The two reality stars made it all the way to the season four final and moved in together shortly afterwards, however, in 2019 the pair confirmed their split after six months of dating. After Megan claimed that Wes wasn’t as adventurous in the bedroom, the See Nobody musician, 24, responded to her comments about him having ‘a lot to learn.’ ‘I don’t know, everyone loves vanilla though, right?’ he said. ‘She said some crazy things, so I just take everything… It doesn’t bother me, it really doesn’t,’ he added to the Daily Star Facebook live. The Dancing On Ice finalist later joked that he was indeed ‘vanilla as hell.’ Wes previously spoke about his high-profile relationships with Love Island stars Megan and season five bombshell  Arabella Chi, saying that dating in the public eye took its toll on his mental health ‘I’ve made the discovery that being so open and honest with relationships online didn’t help with my mental health. And it didn’t help with the relationship’s health. So for me, I keep everything private. I like to keep it to myself.’ Elsewhere, Megan seemed to confirm that she and Towie star Demi Sims have rekindled their romance after four years. The pair were recently spotted sharing a kiss in Southend over the weekend People first started speculating that Megan and Demi had called it quits in 2019 when they unfollowed each other on Instagram. That year, the pair, who met on Celebs Go Dating, set tongues wagging with their budding romance after getting flirty with each other on the E4 dating show. They seemingly confirmed their love was official when they locked lips at ITV’s Summer Party. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Olivia Hawkins and Samie Elishi start beefing after playful behaviour in challenge backfires MORE : Megan Barton-Hanson and Demi Sims appear to confirm they’ve rekindled romance in flirty new video 