Ian Wright feels there is three Arsenal stars who are the ‘future’ of the club following Saturday’s Premier League win at Leicester City. The Gunners beat Brendan Rodgers’ side 1-0 with Gabriel Martinelli’s goal enough to seal three points as the north London club continue their title hunt. Arsenal have not lifted the Premier League trophy since 2004 but remain in a strong position to do so if they can maintain their lead over Manchester City. Quizzed about Martinelli’s performance in the victory at the King Power Stadium, Wright told Premier League Productions: ‘We know what he is capable of. ‘Another one that has signed a new deal and we are happy to have him here. He is the future for us. Him, Bukayo Saka and William Saliba are the future for us. ‘You want them in situations and games like this so they can get more experience because we are going to need them in the future.’ Martinelli has now registered nine goals and two assists across 24 Premier League games this term. The other two players Wright singled out – Buykao Saka and William Saliba – have also hugely impressed for the table-topping Gunners. Saka has scored nine goals and made eight assists in the Premier League this season while centre-back Saliba has been a rock in the heart of Arsenal’s defence. Wright, meanwhile, speaking more generally about Arsenal’s win over Leicester, added: ‘We started very well. We dominated the possession. ‘We could have done more with the final ball in the first half… but the goal [so quickly] in the second half… that’s the main thing, then seeing it off and shutting it down. ‘You’d have gone in [at half-time] and thought to yourself, ‘Come on, we need to be a little more ruthless’. ‘Leicester’s defence were a little out of shape [for Martinelli’s goal] and you really fancied him in that situation. ‘It was good to see and a good time to score early in the second half.’ MORE : Gary Lineker slams VAR decision to disallow Arsenal goal vs Leicester MORE : Oleksandr Zinchenko captains Arsenal against Leicester instead of Martin Odegaard 