A man whose condition leaves him in constant pain has revealed how more than 100 people help to keep him alive. Calvin Campbell, 58, was just six months old when he was diagnosed with sickle cell disease – an inherited health condition that affects red blood cells. As part of his treatment, he needs morphine on a daily basis and regularly receives blood to keep him from taking up a hospital bed. That’s where the 128 volunteers come in. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, Calvin says he wants more people of colour to donate blood. He said: ‘Prior to me starting receiving regular [blood] exchanges, I was spending on average, eight to nine months a year, each and every single year of my life as an inpatient in hospital. ‘Then since receiving exchanges, that’s dramatically improved, I’m able to have a life, I’m able to do this job [as engagement coordinator for the NHS Blood and Transport team] and stay out of hospital.’ According to the NHS, it is a serious and life-long health condition, with symptoms such as painful sickle cell crises, which can be very severe and last for days or weeks, an increased risk of serious infections, and anaemia which can cause tiredness and shortness of breath. It also disproportionately impacts people of Black Caribbean and Black African heritage and is the fastest-growing genetic blood disorder. He said: ‘I hold an unusual record. I spent two years, eight months – and two years of that without leaving the building as an inpatient at UCLH.’ At one point he needed three units of blood every day after developing ulcers on his legs. He said: ‘I lost all the skin, most of the flesh on both legs just below the knee, down to the soles of my feet.’ But his quality of life has massively improved since he was able to start receiving blood exchanges. He revealed just how vital it is that he continues to have access to donated blood. Calvin said: ‘I receive 10 to 11 units of blood every three or four weeks, it’s a lot. It takes roughly 128 people to keep me alive [every year]. ‘Blood donation is super important to someone like me, it means that on a day to day basis, it keeps the level of pain that I feel down to a reasonable level. ‘I’m still aware of it, but it’s manageable and it keeps me alive, to be honest, it’s that simple.’ Around 135,000 new donors are needed per year to meet demand, with donors urgently needed from Black, Asian and minority ethnic backgrounds. It’s currently estimated that only 4% of donations are made up of people from these communities. This is despite sickle cell being the country’s most prevalent and fastest growing genetic blood disorder. There has been a rise in demand for some rare blood types, such as Ro, which is most often needed by patients with sickle cell. Black heritage donors are 10 times more likely to have the Ro subtype Describing the process, Calvin added: ‘It’s painless, giving blood takes around 15 minutes, and the whole process lasts 45 minutes tops from start to finish. ‘Each unit you donate, which is an average sized bottle of water saves at least three adults’ lives – it’s that simple. ‘Men can donate four times, and women three times a year. You can continue to donate now until the end of your life and it doesn’t cost you anything – it’s free.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.