Green-fingered readers are suggesting we grow our own veg as supermarket food shortages continue to bite. Elsewhere, motorists argue that there are some occasions when driving in the middle lane of the motorway is completely valid and that it shouldn’t be an offence. It comes after a reader slammed those who hogged the middle lane as ‘morons’. Read on to see what else has got readers’ tails in a twist… ■ Before referring to middle-lane motorway drivers as ‘morons’, Carol from Chester (MetroTalk, Mon) should be assessing her attitude to other drivers and her own manner of driving. There are valid reasons for driving in lane two when lane one has little or no traffic. All drivers who think that making it an offence was a good idea should ask themselves this – if a driver is driving at 70mph in lane two and you come up behind them, how did you manage to catch them up if you were not exceeding the speed limit? Let’s have a bit of realism here. While tailgating should always be discouraged, ‘middle-lane hogging’ is OK if a driver can make a valid case for doing so. Making it an offence was an ill-considered notion dreamt up by a Department of Transport that also thought it was a good idea to spend millions of pounds of taxpayers money on ‘smart motorways’. Utterly clueless and ridiculous. HG, Maidstone ■ Therese Coffey is being mocked for suggesting that Brits should eat turnips instead of tomatoes during the current shortages (MetroTalk, Mon) but I thought I’d give it a try. I just had a BLT for my lunch and, while I’m not entirely sure it will catch on, I must say that this bacon-lettuce-turnip combination makes for an interesting mix of flavours. Julian Self, Milton Keynes ■ Justin King, the former boss of Sainsbury’s, says the UK food sector has been ‘hurt horribly’ by Brexit. Liz Webster of Save British Farming says Brexit is having an impact on UK food shortages. Alfonso Gálvez, head of the Murcia branch of Asaja – Spain’s biggest farming association – says post-Brexit logistics are having a greater influence on food exports to the UK than the adverse weather. Those people know what they are talking about. Unlike some Metro readers and members of the government, for whom Brexit has become a matter of blind faith. Mat, Manchester ■ It’s very important to have as much food produced in this country as we can, as it’s a national security. Look at what happens when Europe relies on Vladimir Putin’s gas and oil. Hugo, London ■ Why don’t people start growing their own food instead of depending on supermarkets? Rip up your decking, plant veggies and get a greenhouse. Pete, Bristol ■ I have read with interest the many views printed in Metro from those who voted Remain and those who voted Leave about the issues that have resulted from us leaving the EU. As a so-called Remainer, I still voted to leave. I came to the conclusion that the then prime minister David Cameron would have to resign if he lost the referendum after campaigning to remain. In resigning, I reckoned the odds were that his sidekick George Osborne would also be finished. I was right. I concluded that leaving the EU was the lesser of two evils, in that my vote would contribute to the downfall of two men I wanted out of power. It was a gamble but it was worth it. I hope we get another referendum – I will vote to go back into EU. Mike, Atherton ■ Reading about Chelsea football manager Graham Potter being anonymously abused by email, I wonder why the Premier League doesn’t finance an IT unit that seeks out the cowardly scum. It could also prosecute them and pursue them through the courts, confiscating and destroying all of their electronic devices. Fred Macey, Thornbury ■ Janet (MetroTalk, Mon) says ‘children are safer sitting down’ on buses, which is why they shouldn’t give up their seats to able-bodied adults. Children are not necessarily safer sitting down on public transport, Janet. The bars on some bus seats are at the same height as a child’s head. I’ve seen children knock their heads on them if the bus brakes sharply. Kids over five will be fine standing, provided they hold on properly and don’t mess about. Younger children should be on their parents’ laps where possible. Priority seats are for parents with babies and toddlers, not older children who can easily sit elsewhere. Jane, London ■ With regards to the debate about removing references to gender and appearance from Roald Dahl’s work, the news that the author’s wonderfully entertaining children’s books are to continue being published in their original, unedited form is a victory for common sense. It’s a poke in the eye for the army of wokist, politically correct morons who have little better to do than censoring the language of bestselling authors who are a lot more intelligent than they are. Al, Charlton ■ Matt from Sheffield (MetroTalk, Mon) says he plays video games and isn’t violent. I was brought up with Tom And Jerry, Road Runner, Steptoe And Son etc and I’ve not turned out violent or racist. I agree with Matt that it’s about upbringing. Too many parents can’t cope with parenthood, so they stick their children in front of the television, computers and tablets etc rather than educate them and interact with them. Katie, West Midlands ■ Last night I went down the pub optimistically and left misty optically. Jeff, Nuneaton ■ I know why the chicken crossed the road. It followed the pelican crossing. Up2 Earlygirl ■ Southeastern rail posted on Twitter that a duck, believed to be a pet, was left on a train at Herne Hill station. It was clearly lost, because it was trying to get to Quackham Junction. Simon, Willesden Start a text with VIEWS followed by your comment, name and where you live to 65700. Standard network charge applies. Or email mail@ukmetro.co.uk. Helpline for Views, Rush-Hour Crush and Good Deed Feed: 020 3615 0600. Full T&Cs on metro.co.uk/terms. Metro is a member of the Independent Press Standards Organisation. Comments may be edited for reasons of legality, clarity or space.