Brendan Rodgers is confident Arsenal will go ‘very, very close’ to winning the Premier League title as long as they’re most important players remain injury free. The Gunners will head into Wednesday’s game in hand against Everton at the Emirates Stadium two points clear of Manchester City after another hard-fought win on the road. Gabriel Martinelli’s goal just a minute into the second half earned Mikel Arteta’s side three points at the King Power and City’s win over Bournemouth just a couple of hours later underlined the importance of Arsenal’s victory. Asked whether Arsenal were capable of ending their near 20-year wait for the title, Rodgers gave Arteta’s men a glowing reference and hailed them as an outstanding team. He said: ‘I think they’re going to go very close. They’re outstnading and I think they’ve been like that through the season. ‘The scoreboard was obviously close but in terms of football and technical abiltiy they were on a different level. ‘I think they’ll go very close they’ve got a top young goalkeeper, back four’s solid, the two centre halves are strong and aggressive, Zinchenko has done great since he’s come in and adds a different dimension to the game in midfield with his technical quality and strength. ‘The two wingers are top class in particular Saka, he’s a top level. ‘I said it last year Arsenal about getting into the top four if they keep everyone fit then they would’ve done that. ‘Unfortunately they had injuries and I think this year it will be the same if they keep everyone fit they will get very, very close. They’re an outstanding team.’ Arteta, meanwhile, was delighted with his side’s display against the Foxes but warned they must show more incisiveness in the final third having dominated possession. He said: ‘I am really pleased with the performance, we dominated the game, we attacked a lot, we were high up the pitch but we didn’t manage to create enough big opportunities. ‘That is something we have to improve but we did not concede, and there was just one shot from Dewsbury-Hall that didn’t hit the target. ‘We had so many situations with big advantages and we have to improve that because then you need to put 14, 15 shots on target and that is going to be the difference. But we are working on it.’ MORE : Ian Wright hails Arsenal trio as ‘future’ of the club after win at Leicester City MORE : Mikel Arteta explains why he benched Arsenal striker Eddie Nketiah for Leicester City clash and gives Thomas Partey update For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 