A teenage boy was stabbed close to the O2 Arena in London as fans queued up to see a popular K-Pop group. Police were called at around 2.46pm today after the incident inside the Cineworld cinema in the venue. Cops were called by London Ambulance Service (LAS) to The O2 to reports of a stabbing. There, officers found a teenage boy with stab wounds. Officers said he was treated at the scene by paramedics before being taken to hospital, but his condition is currently unknown. Three teenage boys were detained at the scene by security staff and then arrested by police on suspicion of causing GBH. They have been taken into custody. Witnesses in the area reported seeing around ’10 police officers’ rushing into the arena following the ‘stabbing’. The incident happened ahead of a gig from the K-Pop band ATEEZ tonight, and fans have been warning each other of the police presence and telling everyone to ‘stay safe’. It is unknown if the incident is connected to the gig tonight. One eyewitness tweeted: ‘[I don’t know] what’s going on at the O2 but around 10 police officers were charging into the O2, some person got arrested near the queue and a helicopter circulated and landed near the O2.’ Another said: ‘Anyone know what was just happening at the O2 arena with all the police running around?’ Another said: ‘Helicopter, undercover police car and another police car just rushed to the London ATEEZ concert… HELLO??’ A spokesperson for the LAS said: ‘We were called today (February 22) at 2:44pm to reports of an incident in Peninsula Square, Greenwich. ‘We sent a number of resources to the scene, including an incident response officer, two ambulance crews, and members of our tactical response unit. We also dispatched London’s Air Ambulance. ‘We treated a teenager at the scene and took them to a major trauma centre as a priority. The incident is ongoing.’ The O2 Arena has released a statement following the incident. It said: ‘This afternoon there was an altercation between a group of individuals in Cineworld at The O2, which resulted in one of the individuals requiring medical attention from the emergency services. ‘Cineworld at The O2 will remain closed for the rest of the day. The rest of The O2, including outlet shopping, bars and restaurants, and attractions remain open. Tonight’s arena event is going ahead as planned.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.