A death row inmate who murdered a woman while on the run after breaking out of prison has been executed in Florida. Donald Dillbeck, 59, stabbed 44-year-old Faye Vann more than 20 times and slit her throat during a botched carjacking as she waited for her family in a shopping mall car park in Tallahassee in 1990. Her children, Tony and Laura, released a statement after the execution, saying: ‘11,932 days ago, Donald Dillbeck brutally killed our mother. ‘We were robbed of years of memories with her, and it has been very painful ever since.’ Dillbeck was declared dead at 6.13pm on Thursday after receiving a lethal injection at Florida State Prison. The execution was Florida’s first in nearly four years and the third under Republican Governor Ron DeSantis. By comparison, his immediate predecessor, current US Republican Senator Rick Scott, oversaw 28 executions. The curtain between the death chamber and the viewing room opened at 6 pm. When asked if he had any last words, Dillbeck said: ‘I know I hurt people when I was young. I really messed up. ‘But I know Ron DeSantis has done a lot worse. He’s taken a lot from a lot of people. I speak for all men, women and children. ‘He’s put his foot on our necks. Ron DeSantis and other people like him can suck our d***s.’ He was just 15 when he stabbed a man in Indiana while trying to steal a CB radio. Dillbeck fled to Florida where Lee County Deputy Dwight Lynn Hall found him in a Fort Myers Beach parking lot. While Hall was searching him, Dillbeck hit the deputy in the groin and ran. Hall tackled him and, as the two wrestled, Dillbeck took Hall’s gun and shot him twice. He was 11 years into a life sentence for killing the deputy when he walked away from a work release assignment catering a meal for a senior’s event. Dillbeck then bought a paring knife and walked to Tallahassee. Ms Vann was waiting for her family when Dillbeck approached her car with the knife and demanded a ride, saying he’d forgotten how to drive. She honked the horn, tried to drive off and fought back, but Dillbeck stabbed her more than 20 times and slit her throat. He crashed the car a short time later and was captured. Florida’s Supreme Court earlier this month denied appeals claiming he shouldn’t be put to death because he suffers from foetal alcohol syndrome and it was cruel and unusual to keep him on death row for more than 30 years before his death warrant was signed. The US Supreme Court denied his appeals Wednesday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.