Nick Carter is countersuing two women who have accused him of sexual assault. The Backstreet Boys star, 43, is facing charges of sexual battery, including against a woman named Shannon Ruth, who claims he sexually assaulted her in 2001 when she was 17. Ruth, who is autistic and has cerebral palsy, reportedly states in her lawsuit that she contracted HPV, and is seeking damages for an unknown amount. Musician Melissa Schuman, a former performer with pop group Dream, also accused him of rape in 2017. Carter has denied all the accusations against him, and has now reportedly filed a countersuit against the pair. According to documents obtained by People Magazine, Carter claims both women launched a conspiracy to ‘defame and vilify him’ in part due to garner ‘attention’ or to extort money from him. The Everybody (Backstreet’s Back) singer labelled the women as ‘opportunist’ and accused them of taking advantage of the #MeToo movement to extort money from him. He claims Ruth and Schuman intended to ‘destroy innocent lives’ with their accusations and says he has lost more than £2.3million since the lawsuit was filed by Ruth in December last year. The documents also appear to claim that the women are working together, as he accuses Schuman and her father, Jerome Schuman, of grooming the ‘vulnerable’ and ‘impressionable’ Ruth, who is described in legal documents as someone ‘craving attention and desperate to fit in.’ Carter also claims he does not believe he has ever even met Ruth, who accused him of taking her to his tour bus after picking her from an autograph line, and giving her a drink containing alcohol before assaulting her. His younger brother Aaron Carter, who died last year aged 34, is also mentioned in the suit as Carter accuses the Schumans of ‘exploiting’ him while he was ‘addicted to drugs [and] battling serious mental health issues.’ Carter claims Aaron apologised to him before his death as he allegedly realised he was being used. He says he hopes countersuing the women will help him to clear his name. The documents went on: ‘Just as true victims of sexual assault have the right to seek justice and be heard, so too do persons falsely accused of sexual assault have the right to due process of law and to defend themselves by speaking the truth.’ Fellow Backstreet Boys star AJ McLean recently confirmed the band were supporting Carter, saying they ‘all stand behind Nick and we all fully support him.’ Carter has always denied the allegations, with his lawyer Michael Holtz saying about Ruth: ‘‘Unfortunately, for several years now, Ms. Ruth has been manipulated into making false allegations about Nick – and those allegations have changed repeatedly and materially over time. ‘No one should be fooled by a press stunt orchestrated by an opportunistic lawyer – there is nothing to this claim whatsoever, which we have no doubt the courts will quickly realise.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Backstreet Boys star AJ McLean says band ‘all fully support’ Nick Carter amid lawsuit for alleged rape MORE : Backstreet Boys ‘axed from Jingle Ball stream’ as Nick Carter faces sexual assault allegations 