An east London mosque has been left ‘saddened and disturbed’ after receiving a vile letter following devastating earthquakes in Turkey and Syria. Hackney’s Masjid Ramadan, also known as Shacklewell Lane Mosque, has been helping collect supplies to send over to areas affected by the earthquakes. A confirmed 41,000 people across the two nations have lost their lives as a result of the natural disasters. However, mosque chairman Erkin Guney was left heartbroken after being sent a letter full of horrific Islamophobic abuse. He says the incident left him ‘without words’ after realising the vile letter was an attack on his community. Guney told MyLondon: ‘We just received a letter today in the post and it’s very disturbing. ‘As a Muslim and as a Turkish Cypriot, I can only pray for the person who sent it, because they need help.’ The Mosque chairman originally believed the letter was from a local resident wishing to express their condolences. ‘This heartfelt letter is to express my sincerest sorrow about the events in Turkey and Syria,’ they began. However, it soon transpired this was far from the case, as the letter went on: ‘I wish to make it clear that it is not heartfelt sorrow that I feel that thousands of people died. ‘I’m only sincerely sorry that more Muslims didn’t die.’ The writer says they hoped there would be ‘over two million dead the very minimum’ and adds: ‘It is extremely comforting to know that many of your pointedly bearded attendees will undoubtedly have lost many family members following the earthquake. ‘This has got to be the best news anyone who hates Muslims as much as I do could hear about. It’s simply fantastic!’ Mr Guney says he intends to forward the letter to the police, and added: ‘My stomach turns and at the same time I feel pity for this person because the people who have taught him to be this way saddens me. ‘This person obviously has mental health conditions. It is a hate crime to wish that not enough of us died. This will be forwarded to the police.’ The latest death toll stood at 35,418 in Turkey and more than 5,800 in Syria. Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has agreed to open two new crossing points at Bab Al-Salam and Al Raee from Turkey to rebel-held areas so aid can be delivered, the UN also said. The first supply plane from Saudi Arabia landed at Aleppo, Syria, yesterday morning, carrying 35 tons of food. Saudis have donated £41million so far. Britain’s Disasters Emergency Committee launched an appeal last week and has raised more than £60million. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.