Francesca Farago has called out the way she was ‘edited’ on the Perfect Match, after leaving viewers shocked with her antics. The dating show follows some of the most famous singletons from Netflix’s unscripted programs as they gather in a stunning villa to find romance – with one couple being crowned the ‘Perfect Match’ at the end. The 30-year-old, who came to fame on Too Hot To Handle, has ruffled feathers in the series so far, most notably when she dumped Dom Gabriel for Damian Powers. She later caused a stir when she declared that she had the ‘ick’ with the Love Is Blind star, before going on a date with Abbey Humphreys, from Twentysomthings: Austin. The last batch of episodes will land on Netflix next week, revealing just who the reality favorite ended her time on the competition with – but she confessed that she was left ‘unhappy’ over how she was portrayed on our screens. Discussing the series in a chat with Harper’s Bazaar Arabia, she said: ‘I am not happy with the way the production edited the show. And the way they portrayed me, to be honest.’ When asked if she had any regrets, she continued: ‘A lot of regrets. I didn’t have any regrets after filming, but after hearing about the episodes, I had some regrets. The power of editing is real. ‘I let a lot of external factors influence a lot of my decisions and my attitude. If I were to go back, I wouldn’t let that happen, and I would be my real self.’ Francesca conceded that she hadn’t watched the episodes at that point, but had remained close with Kariselle Snow since filming ended. ‘My best moments were hanging out with Kariselle. I don’t have a favorite episode as I haven’t seen the episodes yet,’ she added. ‘We are still very close, and I love her to death.’ Francesca caught the eye of her castmates at the very beginning of the series, before choosing to explore her initial connection with Dom. They were matched up from the very first night and remained inseparable throughout – but faced a huge test when Francesca chose to send herself on a date with Damian, who she previously had a connection with outside the villa. Her original beau was thrown for a loop by the decision, and admitted that he was ‘naïve’ when it came to the drama. ‘I didn’t know her history with Damian and a lot of people in the house were bringing it up and asked me if I was worried about it,’ he said in a new interview with Narcity. ‘You might say I was very naive. But I trusted her and she told me I could trust her. ‘I definitely didn’t see that coming, of her putting herself on that date. ‘If I’m being completely honest with you, yeah it hurt. It was definitely a moment that I was like, I don’t know if I’m built for this.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Netflix for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Scarlett Moffatt hangs out with her rarely-seen Gogglebox co-star sister after announcing pregnancy MORE : Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney set to play football for Wrexham  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 