They may already be Hollywood royalty, but it appears Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas are brushing shoulders with actual royalty now. Yep, the Wednesday actress and Fatal Attraction star have set up home in St James’ Palace, according to reports. The movie stars are believed to be residing in an apartment at the palace in London, where King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla also live. Rentals at the palace first became available in 2015 and a source said at the time. A source said at the time: ‘In theory, anyone can apply but all prospective tenants will be subject to security and background checks.’ Now, an insider has said the Palace is ideal for the stars when they’re jet-setting. ‘It’s just perfect for their requirements when they’re visiting the capital,’ an insider told the Daily Mail’s Eden Confidential column. Catherine, 53, and Michael, 78, married in 2000, and have son Dylan, 22, and daughter, Carys, 19, together. They split their time between Irvington, New York state and Majorca, and also own properties in Bermuda and Canada. Speaking previously about her admiration for the Royal Family, Catherine said: ‘I’m a massive royalist. ‘In our family, we’ll dress up on royal occasions. My son will wear a top hat and tails and have scones. ‘I had a wonderful lunch with Camilla and Lady Astor in New York years ago, before they were even married, and I loved her. What you see is what you get with Camilla.’ Built by Henry VIII in the 16th century, St James’ Palace is certainly a vast, luxurious abode. It’s believed to be the oldest palace in London still standing. Princess Anne – who lives at Gatcombe Park estate in Gloucestershire – uses the Palace as a base when in London. Meanwhile, up until the end of 2017, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie shared an apartment within the palace. In 2018, Eugenie moved to Kensington Palace with her husband Jack Brooksbank, while Beatrice now resides in a six-bedroom Cotswolds farmhouse with other half Edo Mapelli Mozzi and their one-year-old daughter Sienna. As well as providing homes for the monarchy, the Palace also hosts up to 100 receptions each year for charities associated with members of the Royal Family. Reps for Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lady Gaga sued by woman charged in connection with stealing her dogs as she never received reward for returning them MORE : Pregnant Rihanna ‘delaying new music to focus on marrying boyfriend A$AP Rocky’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 