A British dad and his Polish wife have just extended their already large family – by a lot. Dominika and Vince Clarke welcomed a set of quintuplets (yes, that means five new-borns) on Sunday afternoon at the Krakow University Hospital in Poland. The couple already have seven children at home aged 12, 10, twins aged seven, twins aged four and a 10-month-old, so there will be no shortage of fuss and attention for their two new brothers and three sisters. The new additions have been called called Charles Patrick, Henry James, Elizabeth May, Evangeline Rose and Arianna Daisy. They were delivered by caesarean section at seven months gestation and weighed between 1lb 9ozs and 3lbs 1oz. Dominika said: ‘I feel great. Much better than I thought. The children are resting, their condition is stable. This is something extraordinary that is not given to everyone. ‘Such a pregnancy occurs once in 52 million. I’m a mathematician, I like such statistics. There is a greater chance of winning the lottery than of having such a bunch ‘ For the last 10 weeks, Vince – who is originally from Carlisle – has stayed at home looking after their other seven children while Dominika remained under observation in hospital. The couple, who run their own businesses, met while she worked in the UK but moved to Poland six years ago where they built a house in a forest. Dominka added: ‘We want to raise children in the old climate, in the bosom of nature, where deer will come’ It is the second time in the hospital’s history that they have delivered quintuplets. The hospital said on Facebook: ‘On Sunday 12th February after 2pm, we welcomed quintuplets into the world. ‘For the second time – thanks to the efforts of the Obstetrics and Perinatology Department team led by Professor Hubert Huras, who had been taking care of the pregnant mother for over 10 weeks.’ All are under the care of the Clinical Department of Neonatology, led by Professor Ryszard Lauterbach, where they will spend the next few weeks. According to hospital officials, the mother and children are all doing well. Professor Hubert Hubas admitted that ‘such a pregnancy is a challenge’, saying that he agreed Dominika would stay with the team until the due date to prepare for ‘possible complications.’ This was to ‘prepare the children for birth in the best possible condition.’ On Sunday, Professor Ryszard Lauterbach reported that three girls required ventilatory support – which was non-invasive – while the two boys needed mechanical ventilation. Now, all five babies are non-invasively ventilated. ‘This gives us more hope that the lungs will develop better and faster,’ Professor Lauterbach said. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Psychic’ mum reckons she has 100% success rate in predicting pregnancies MORE : Besotted new mum Stacey Solomon gives health update after home birth of ‘amazing’ baby daughter MORE : This Morning’s Dr Scott reports live from the frontline in Ukraine as he helps ‘to give animals a voice’