Movie Night continued in the Love Island villa tonight and Olivia Hawkins found herself exposed once and for all. The 27-year-old has fallen out of favour with the public after her repeated digs at former flame Kai Fagan and her talking about the other islanders behind their backs. During part two of the explosive Movie Night, the islanders watched a clip titled, Liv Actually, which featured a clip of her gossiping about the other couples with her partner Maxwell Samuda. She was seen saying that Claudia Fogarty forgave Casey O’Gorman ‘way too quickly’ for his indiscretions during Casa Amor, and predicted that Samie Elishi would ‘sweep things over’ with Tom Clare. Olivia also said that Kai only coupled up with Sanam Harrinanan to ‘stay safe’ and the moment she forgot his name on night one of Casa Amor – when they were still an item – was also shown. It was clear the islanders had no idea Olivia was being shady behind their backs judging by the shocked looks on their faces. However, she remained unapologetic and said about Kai: ‘I’m glad I forgot [his name], I forgot it already.’ While she made light of that situation, she wasn’t able to brush off Ron Hall’s savage comments about her being dumped by Tom earlier in the series. After watching the clip, Olivia fumed: ‘Wow, you’re not my friend not at all. I already knew he was a fake friend, I don’t need him. No, Ron that’s rude. ‘You said that I couldn’t get Tom, that’s rude. Nice choice of words.’ Ron was more concerned that his partner Lana Jenkins wouldn’t look at him despite him mouthing ‘I’m sorry’ to her. ‘I dont feel sorry at all but I’ll say sorry because it’s Lana’s mate,’ he said. Viewers were happy the other islanders finally got to see some of Olivia’s antics, with one tweeting: ‘Hahahaha Olivia’s clips are just here bitching about all the girls.’ ‘Thank god the girls are seeing Olivia for what she really is,’ another added. One other said: ‘Thank God Olivia got expose man she deserved it.’ However, it wasn’t enough for others, as one weighed in: ‘That Olivia Expose wasn’t enough for me sorry.’ Love Island airs each night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 