Camilla is set to become the registered owner of the Queen’s famous racing horses. The King was listed as the owner of all the horses he inherited following the late monarch’s passing last September. The Racing Post has reported that the registration of ownership will be changed, with King Charles and Queen Camilla becoming co-owners. It will be the first time a King and his Queen Consort have been both registered owners. Royal racing adviser John Warren confirmed the change had come into effect, and it comes after Charles and Camilla owned a number of racehorses in partnership when they were Prince and Princess of Wales. Earlier today the Queen Consort was forced to miss a charity engagement as she recovers from Covid-19, Buckingham Palace said. Camilla was set to join King Charles to visit the Felix Project charity in London. But the King arrived solo, meeting staff and volunteers for the Poplar-based charity that saves surplus food and hands it to charities. The Palace announced nine days ago that Camilla, 75, had tested positive for coronavirus. Warren, one of her late Majesty’s must trusted friends, told the Racing Post: ‘The horses will be running in the name of His Majesty The King and Her Majesty The Queen Consort going forward.’ Camilla will also co-own a number of horses with former Arsenal football club chairman Sir Chips Keswick. Warren added: ‘They will be joint-owners of their horses in training apart from some of the jumpers that Her Majesty will be owning in partnerships with Sir Chips Keswick, so they will run in both of their names.’ Last year Charles earned more than £1 million selling 14 of the Queen’s beloved racehorses. The sales ranged from £300,000 for Just Fine – the horse that gave Charles his first winner in the Royal Silks – to £4,000 for three-year-old colt Tack. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.