A Newcastle fan has joked he will put his dog on Facebook marketplace after he chewed up his tickets to the Carabao Cup final. Alan Carling was already feeling rather ruff after watching his beloved team lose 2-0 to Liverpool on Saturday. But Rudy the Golden Retriever added to his woes by ripping up the tickets to the game on Sunday when they slid through the letterbox. ‘I saw the green paper lying all over the floor and I was pretty horrified,’ Alan said. ‘I knew straight away what it was. I was gobsmacked and my jaw hit the floor.’ Alan was so upset he vented his frustration on Facebook: ‘This is my dog Rudy. Rudy is a little b****rd of a pup and thinks letters through the post are an invasion of his home. ‘After coming back from watching Newcastle lose at home for the first time this season against Liverpool, conceding two goals and having the keeper sent off in the first half … Rudy thought he would give me a laugh by eating the Wembley tickets that were posted whilst I was out. Dog for sale, £5 o.n.o.’ Speculation was rife that Rudy could be a closet Sunderland fan, while others suspected foul play from someone at the Post Office. ‘Your dog’s a Mackem,’ said Marc Hamari. Lee Taylor added: ‘Not saying the dog is innocent or anything, but could the postman be a Mackem?’ Others were more forgiving towards the pesky pet. ‘Nightmare but not dog’s fault,’ said Peter Mckenzie. ‘Hope you get replacements.’ Alan, who works for an insurance company, paid £100 to see Newcastle play their first major final in 25 years. But the football-mad Geordie may still get to see the Magpies take on Manchester United, thanks to an intervention by the box office. They’ve vowed to replace the ruined tickets, as long as Alan brings the tattered remains to London and collect a new pair on match day. ‘Im driving down at 5am on the day and I’ll be one of the first there when the doors open,’ he said. ‘My wife is more pessimistic than me and she is more nervous, but I think we’ll be fine.’ He heaped praise on Newcastle’s box office, saying they had been ‘really good’. ‘I think I must be the only person to have had their dog eat their tickets,’ he added. ‘I’m just trusting the process right now.’ Newcastle last faced Man United at Wembley in the 1999 FA Cup, a game that ended in heartbreak for the Toon fans. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 