Daniel Wells has been through a tough time on and off table and is dealing with the ‘unwelcome distraction’ of criticism from Ronnie O’Sullivan, but the Welshman is enjoying his snooker, is playing as well as ever and the results are showing that. The 34-year-old first turned professional in 2008 and despite dropping off tour a couple of times was a nearly ever-present on the circuit till he lost his tour card in 2021. He spent a year away from the game, doing some work with his mother’s cleaning company, but while he has not quite regained his tour card yet, he is back performing well in big events as an amateur top-up. The Welshman reached the semi-finals of the Shoot Out last month and was impressing again as he beat Matt Selt and Judd Trump to make the third round of the Welsh Open last week, proving he can still hang with the best in the world. ‘I played really well,’ Wells told Metro.co.uk. ‘I feel like my game’s coming together so it’s nice to keep producing performances, it increases confidence, so I was really pleased. ‘Usually when I’m out on TV I haven’t particularly enjoyed it, feeling the pressure against the top players. But because I know my game is in such a good place I was enjoying myself out there. I managed to relax, play my own game and do well. ‘I’ve been guilty in the past of putting too much pressure on myself and too much emphasis on results. When I came off the tour and have been working, I’ve thought, why didn’t I enjoy that more? ‘It’s been a nice perspective to have, I’m lucky in a way that happened to me. If I can’t enjoy playing on TV against the best players in the world, then I shouldn’t be playing snooker.’ O’Sullivan was on punditry duty ahead of Wells’ clash with Trump and suggested that the reduced pressure of playing as an amateur may be helping him so much that he should not look to return to the pro ranks and continue to treat it as a part-time career. It was a point that made some sort of sense, but the Rocket seemed to really stick the boot in, saying Wells was simply not good enough to win professional tournaments and that was not going to change. ‘I think for him he should just stay as a part-time player, irrelevant of how well he does, just stay part-time snooker,’ O’Sullivan said on Eurosport. ‘It’s took the pressure off him. ‘Next year if he gets a main tour card and invests totally in snooker I bet he goes back to getting beaten and not enjoying it again. ‘There’s a lot of them on tour who can’t mentally sustain it. If I was advising him I’d tell him to stay as a part-time player, you’re having fun and enjoying it. That’s the way he’s going to play his best snooker.’ When it was suggested that Daniel’s aim is to be professional again, O’Sullivan said: ‘He’s tried that and he ain’t that level, never will be. ‘At best he’ll maybe make a few semi-finals now and again, but he’s never going to be a tournament winner, he’s just not good enough.’ Clearly that is a painful thing to hear as a snooker player who is producing great stuff, beating top players and is dreaming of climbing the rankings when he gets back on tour next season (which looks extremely likely). ‘I’m a bit disappointed that I have to be talking about that now,’ he said. ‘I’ve come off the back of a few decent results and I’d rather be talking about that, but if I’m asked for an opinion, I’ll give it. ‘I think there was a better way of saying what he said. If that’s his opinion then he’s entitled to it, but the way it came across was as a bit of a personal attack. ‘It’s not the first time it’s happened, not to me but other players. I didn’t take too kindly to the numpty business. I don’t think it needs to happen and it’s disappointing when it does, because everyone loves Ronnie for what he does on the table. And some stuff off the table, he can be funny, but there’s a line you can cross and I think he crossed it. ‘After I beat Judd because I was feeling elated and instantly I was messaged about what Ronnie was saying. It was quite negative and quite humiliating because I’ve got family and friends watching who are trying to believe in me. What he says has a lot of power because he is the best player of all time, so when he makes a point people take it as gospel. It’s damaging.’ Wells was disappointed but not heartbroken by the comments, but he makes the point that others could not react as calmly to the world number one seemingly crushing their dreams. ‘When he’s making these kind of points, some people might not be in a fit state to deal with them,’ said Wells. ‘I think he should engage his brain a bit more and think about other people. ‘These people may be going through difficult periods, in snooker and in life. Then they’ll have people coming up to them saying, “Did you hear what Ronnie said about you? That you’re not good enough.” Having to deal with that…I wish he’d think about that a bit more.’ Wells feels a much better player now than he ever has been, and he is someone who has been to two rankings semi-finals, so does he believe he can prove the Rocket wrong and win a title? ‘Of course!’ Wells said. ‘I think everybody who’s playing snooker, that is their dream, so it’s quite disappointing for the best player of all time saying that you can’t achieve your dream. ‘It’s not just me in that bracket, there’s players who I’m better than, so what are they thinking? To bring others down…he doesn’t need to do it. Of course I believe. I’m not practicing for nothing, I’ve dedicated my life to the sport.’ Wells is encouragingly fired up by the criticism, reminding the greatest player of all time that not everyone can compete at the very elite of the sport. ‘I do think that just being a professional snooker player is an achievement in itself,’ he said. ‘If people had watched me play snooker when I was 14-15 years old, they’d have said I’d never, ever be a professional player. ‘I was quite a late developer in the junior game. I grew up with Jamie Jones and Michael White and I was miles behind them. But I’ve managed to turn pro, I came within a whisker of a ranking event final [2018 Scottish Open], I haven’t done too badly. ‘A lot of the bottom end of the tour get so much bad press. We’re not good enough, we’re numpties, we’re skint, it’s some achievement to turn professional and I think that gets lost. ‘Not everybody can be a tournament winner. Not everyone can have the talent of Ronnie O’Sullivan. He’s the best British sportsman, in my opinion, not just snooker. He’s fantastic, but not everyone has that talent. Other people have other things go on in their lives that don’t marry up to being an elite sports person, and that doesn’t make anyone better or worse than anyone else, that’s just their life.’ Wells is highly motivated but if he needed inspiration on top of that, Robert Milkins provided it on Sunday as he won the Welsh Open at 46 years old, after winning his first ever ranking title less than 12 months ago. ‘Look at Milkins now, what a story, that’s fantastic to see,’ said Wells. ‘He’s 46, he never won a tournament until last year, that tells you everything you need to know. ‘It’s part of the process of continuing to fight and to try and to improve and that’s what I’m doing. I know things about myself and my game now that I didn’t know five or six years ago because I’ve persevered with it and I’m going to continue to persevere with it because that’s what I want to do. ‘I feel like there’s more to come and I’m going to push myself to improve, keep learning and put myself in a position to finally win a tournament.’ Wells knows about persevering and fighting as he has done so to get to this point after a dreadful time on and off the table when the pandemic hit. He was at number 52 in the world in 2020 and off the tour the next year, but much of that was out of his control, with bad luck and an awful family situation that made focus impossible. ‘I don’t want to make excuses and I’ve never said this publicly, but my mother was diagnosed with cancer during that year,’ he said. ‘I tested positive for Covid and missed two events, my cue broke. ‘It was unbelievable what happened and it was like my whole world was pulled from underneath me. It was difficult to take, I found it really tough. ‘Thankfully my mother went on to get the all clear, but it was a really difficult period.’ After a year away from tour, success playing as an amateur and now set to return to professional status, Wells is coming back with a new attitude and perspective, one that he hopes will prove the world champion wrong. ‘I think it’s done me a favour to have the year away from snooker,’ he said. ‘I’ve always been “Daniel the snooker player” and the pressure I felt to keep myself as a snooker player that year was huge. Then it was just gone and I had nothing. I had to get a job and work and I thought, “it’s not actually that bad.” ‘I thought people would be looking at me different, but they didn’t, and I found that really refreshing. I want to take that forward and if snooker doesn’t go well it doesn’t matter. ‘Ronnie doesn’t know my situation. Making assumptions like I can’t play under pressure and when I’m back on tour I’ll go back to losing because of it. ‘I don’t think so because I’ve got this fresh perspective where snooker isn’t everything to me. It’s what I want to do, but having lost it, it wasn’t as bad as I thought, so I’m not frightened of that anymore. ‘It’s given me a nice perspective, I’ve learned a lot about myself and hopefully I can get back to where I was and further. ‘I’m trying not to ever give in, working hard at my game and you never know where that can take you.’ MORE : Rob Milkins produces the feel good hit of the winter with emotional Welsh Open win MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan offers advice to amateur star Daniel Wells as he says: ‘He’s just not good enough’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 