Vanessa Feltz’s former fiance, Ben Ofoedu, has confessed to sleeping with another woman during their relationship, while also sexting and flirting with others. This Morning presenter Vanessa announced she had split from the Phats and Small star earlier this month after 16 years. The break-up has left Vanessa, 60, devastated and her daughter recently claimed the presenter discovered Ben, 50, had cheated on her on Christmas Day. Speaking out about the split for the first time, Ben has now admitted to cheating on Vanessa and claims it was because he was ‘insecure’ that they hadn’t married after getting engaged in 2006. According to Ben, he had sex with a woman who was older in Ibiza where he was performing in 2015. The singer also sexted a fan of his band Phats and Small and flirted with another woman he met at a Butlin’s holiday camp. Recalling his affair with the woman in Ibiza, Ben told The Sunday Mirror: ‘I met her on the gig scene. She was the same age as Vanessa, possibly older. She took a shine to me, said lots of nice things. ‘Over a short period of time we had sex three times. It was purely sexual, there were no feelings involved. It felt like a chore. I just fell back into it with her to keep her sweet and everything under wraps.’ Ben said he should have sought therapy after their first encounter as he realised there was an ‘insecurity’. ‘I cheated because I was insecure,’ he stated, explaining that the woman in Ibiza questioned why he wasn’t married yet, while also boosting his ego by telling him he was ‘such a great guy’. The singer added that he was under the influence of alcohol which only fuelled ‘a volatile situation’. It comes after Vanessa’s daughter Allegra Kurer, 37, revealed that she and her sister Saskia, 34, were sent messages to their Instagram accounts from a troll, which were so vile they called the police. Allegra said they received the ‘most dreadful shock’ when they opened up the ‘very abusive’ and ‘extremely hurtful’ DMs on Christmas Day from ‘some anonymous troll.’ The siblings didn’t know the name or identity of the sender but Kurer said there was enough information to know they were true and eventually decided to break the news to her mother. Vanessa has bravely spoken out about the split and said her heart has ‘snapped into a million pieces’. Speaking on TalkTV recently, she explained: ‘It’s very difficult. It’s hard then, because you’re on track to be appreciating every minute and you’re feeling so sad. It’s hard, isn’t it? I’m determined to do it, but it is hard. I don’t want to be derailed from it.’ She added: ‘I can’t be the only person in the country nursing a broken heart, can I? I am absolutely determined to put my best foot forward, to keep on trucking, all that sort of stuff. Keep calm and carry on.’ Vanessa first met Ben in 2005 after her divorce from surgeon Michael Kurer in 2000, and they got engaged the following year. Last year, the presenter admitted she was hesitant to marry again after the breakdown of her marriage with Michael 21 years ago. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vanessa Feltz ‘discovered Ben Ofoedu was cheating’ after ‘very abusive’ messages on Christmas Day MORE : Vanessa Feltz undergoes hair transformation after split from fiancé Ben Ofoedu 