*Warning: Contains spoilers for the Happy Valley finale.* Sarah Lancashire worked in secret to prepare a ‘special gift’ for the cast of Happy Valley after the the police drama’s fiery series finale. In the final hour, Ryan (Rhys Connah) came clean about Tommy’s (James Norton) plans, and Faisal (Amit Shah) was exposed as Joanna’s (Mollie Winnard) killer. Then, Tommy and Catherine (Lancashire) confronted each other in her abandoned home, with Tommy having just taken a lethal dose of pills and alcohol. After confessing to loving Becky (Emily Barnett), Tommy says he has decided not to murder Catherine because of how she has raised his son, Ryan. Instead, he douses himself with petrol and sets himself alight, eventually dying of his injuries, with Catherine unable to stop him from doing so. After the finale, Lancashire, 58, worked with a Hebden Bridge-based Yorkshire Soap Company to create a special Happy Valley candle. Created with the actress’ help, the candle also includes an inscribed quote from the series: ‘I’m the best copper that ever lived, but Code 11, job done.’ Hebden Bridge is the home of the BBC police drama, with the series based in the market town and filmed across the rest of the county. In a statement, the Yorkshire Soap Company said: ‘We had the pleasure of welcoming the amazing Sarah Lancashire into our shop in the summer of 2022.’ ‘We worked together on a special gift from her to the entire cast and crew for wrapping the final season.’ It’s been revealed that Lancashire also donated props from the show, including her police hat, to raise £4,500 for a charity event run by Halifax’s Ukrainian Club. Fans have praised the finale episode, with some hailing it as a ‘masterpiece’, and demanded that it be celebrated during awards season. Sally Wainwright, who wrote the show, was called a ‘genius’, while one viewer went so far as to describe her work as ‘Shakespearean’. The reactions to the Happy Valley finale make for much better reading than the reactions to the Line of Duty finale, the other popular BBC police drama, in 2021. However, there are rumours that Line of Duty may not yet be done, with many of the show’s actors continually addressing rumours of a comeback. Watch Happy Valley on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : James Norton argues Tommy Lee Royce is ‘not a psycopath’ as he lifts lid on ‘heartbreaking’ Happy Valley finale MORE : Happy Valley viewers praise ‘masterpiece’, ‘Shakespearean’ finale as they demand ‘all the awards’ for the show 