Erik ten Hag was delighted to see Jadon Sancho back on the score sheet for Manchester United on Wednesday night, but warned the winger, he has to continue to work hard to continue getting chances in the first team. The Red Devils bounced back from two goals down to earn a 2-2 draw against Leeds at Old Trafford, which is a disappointing result, but at least feels more positive as it looked like a defeat was coming. Sancho came off the bench to score the equaliser, his first goal for the club since September as he has found himself out of the team, and even out of match day squads. The England international has been working away from the first team squad to build his fitness and Ten Hag says he is now ready to contribute regularly. The Dutchman is pleased for the 22-year-old, but warns him that he must continue to work hard or risk another setback. ‘I wanted a different dynamic. In that moment we weren’t in the game,’ Ten Hag said on bringing Sancho on just before the hour mark. ‘Luckily it succeeded because we scored two goals. ‘Very happy. He’s all the way back. We know he’s a magnificent player. I think consistently he can have a big impact. But he has to work hard. It will motivate him to get more. I really enjoyed it, especially for him. It will strengthen him. ‘If you play a derby you need a different attitude. You have to start and be ready and take responsibility, win your battles and be composed on the ball.’ He added to the BBC: ‘I’m very happy for him. Of course also for the team because it’s all about that. But it will encourage him and motivate him further. ‘He is in the right direction and if he keeps going with that process he can do even more to really help us to achieve our goals.’ Wilfried Gnonto opened the scoring for Leeds within a minute and a Raphael Varane own goal made it 2-0 to the Yorkshire side. However, the in-form Marcus Rashford pulled one back before Sancho rescued a point for the Red Devils. MORE : A huge Qatari war chest for Erik ten Hag is all that matters for some Manchester United fans MORE : Mikael Silvestre admits rivalry between Manchester United and Leeds has ‘lost its spice’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 