Richard E Grant had to pause while introducing the in memoriam segment during this year’s Baftas. The actor became emotional and struggled to hold back tears as he called upon ceremony guests to remember those in the film industry who died in the last 12 months. His wife Joan Washington, a voice coach to celebrities including Penelope Cruz and Jessica Chastain, died in September 2021 after being diagnosed with terminal cancer. Richard momentarily paused his speech after becoming emotional and before continuing said he was ‘sorry’. He added that ‘their impact lives on in film’ before names include Dame Angela Lansbury, Dame Olivia Newton-John, Sylvia Syms, Robbie Coltrane and Burt Bacharach appeared on screen. This year’s Baftas ceremony has moved to the Royal Festival Hall from its previous location of the Royal Albert Hall, which had hosted the show since 2017. The Prince and Princess of Wales will attend for the first time in three years and this year’s awards were hosted by Richard and Alison Hammond. The Banshees of Inisherin and All Quiet on the Western Front dominated as the ceremony passed the halfway mark on Sunday. Not only did Kerry Condon scoop the best supporting actress trophy while her Banshees co-star Barry Keoghan won the best supporting actor award, but the first award of the night, best adapted screenplay, went to All Quiet On The Western Front, with director and screenwriter Edward Berger paying tribute to those fighting in Ukraine. Screenwriter Ian Stokell said the project had been ‘worth the wait’ because the film is anti-war. Barry said he ‘should have planned this, really’ before thanking his co-stars and Ireland. He also dedicated the award to children from the area he comes from. The award for film not in the English language also went to All Quiet On The Western Front. The award for best cinematography went to All Quiet On The Western Front, with lead cinematographer James Friend thanking his wife, daughter and fellow nominees. Sir Patrick Stewart presented outstanding British film to dark comedy The Banshees Of Inisherin, which now has four wins. Director and writer Martin McDonagh said: ‘I know every Irish person in the cast and crew are going “best what?”‘ He also thanked the stand-in donkey, who he said is British and never made it on screen because she was ‘too tubby’, as well as thanking the cast and crew. MORE : All Quiet On The Western Front’s Felix Kammerer reveals he had to ‘pinch’ himself during chaotic battle scenes MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Darren Harriott eliminated from show after facing skate-off two weeks in a row 