Love Island stars Claudia Fogarty and Casey O’Gorman locked heads tonight as she finally watched what he got up to in Casa Amor. The first instalment of Movie Night unfolded in Wednesday night’s episode as the islanders gathered their popcorn, hot dogs and beverages to catch-up on the explosive action us viewers at home have already seen. First up was Casey and Claudia, who were only coupled up for a couple of days before she was shipped off to the Casa Amor villa to meet a new group of boys. While Claudia – who is daughter of I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here winner Carl Fogarty – remained loyal, Casey found a connection with Casa Amor girl Cynthia Otseh-Taiwo. During the recoupling, Casey chose to remain coupled up with Claudia, sending Cynthia home, but not before his former lover revealed she had straddled him for a kiss on one hot, steamy South African night. Well, of course, Claudia was shown a clip of what went down during Movie Night and, not only saw the moment Cynthia climbed on top of Casey on the terrace, but him invite her to share his bed. Claudia, previously unaware of the bed situation, blew up at her partner shouting: ‘You said you never asked her to sleep in your bed.’ However, Casey was unapologetic and fired back: ‘We literally both went into Casa pretty much single, we’ve dealt with everything. ‘I’ve got nothing to be sorry about.’ Claudia shot back: ‘Don’t make me look like a d******d.’ Even Jessie Wynter got involved in the row and told him: ‘Casey stop defending yourself and say f*****g sorry.’ Tanya Manhenga jumped in too, prompting Casey to roll his eyes and reply: ‘Oh, Tanya, don’t you start.’ Defending herself, Tanya told him: ‘Everyone has an opinion and you can say what they want.’ Casey and Claudia was already starting to show cracks last night after he revealed during a challenge that the other islander he would choose to recouple with is Lana Jenkins. He also confided in Tom Clare that he’d be happy for Claudia to get to know another man if a bombshell walked in. Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans beyond baffled over Ron Hall thinking men get 40 erections a day MORE : Love Island’s Will Young and Jessie Wynter compared to Ross and Rachel from Friends as ‘cheating’ drama continues 