Siva Kaneswaran will miss this weekend’s Dancing On Ice due to illness, it has been confirmed. Alongside professional partner Klabera Komini, Siva has been a fan favourite of the 2023 competition, with last Sunday seeing him clinch his highest mark of the series so far. However the 34-year-old will not be able to keep the momentum going as he is forced to miss Sunday’s episode on advice from the show’s own medical professionals. A Dancing On Ice spokesperson announced the news on Saturday, saying: ‘Due to illness Siva will not skate in this weekend’s show.’ They added that they ‘look forward to welcoming him back next weekend.’ Siva, meanwhile, admitted he was ‘gutted’ to miss the show. ‘I’m gutted that I won’t be performing this weekend but I picked up a bug earlier in the week which I haven’t been able to shake so I need to rest and get myself better,’ he explained. ‘Good luck to all the contestants this weekend – I’m looking forward to watching everyone’s performances!’ Last week proved an emotional one for Siva, partner Klabera, the judges and everyone watching from home, as he dedicated the dance to his late father on the anniversary of his death. The pair danced to the song Three Times A Lady by Commodores, with Siva choosing the song as it was the ‘first memory’ he had of his father, who died when he was six. Their performance was praised as ‘lovely’ by the judges, who commented on The Wanted star’s elegance and confidence in what was his first slower routine. Siva and Klabera went on to score 30, thanks to 7.5 all around from the panel comprised of Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean, which is their highest mark to date. Judge Christopher said: ‘It’s simply your best skate. The skating was so lovely, so strong, so tender and masculine at the same time.’’ Dancing On Ice continues Sunday at 6:25pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Siva Kaneswaran dedicates emotional skate to ‘daddy’ on anniversary of his death MORE : Dancing on Ice’s Siva Kaneswaran sent sweet words of encouragement by Queen’s Brian May 