A mum of a girl who was swept away by floodwaters has told of the devastating moment she lost her daughter. Ella Collins, from Hawke’s Bay in New Zealand, tried to evacuate her flooded house with husband Jack and daughters Imogen, four, and Ivy, two. But Cyclone Gabrielle, which wreaked destruction across the country and led to New Zealand declaring a state of emergency, was too powerful and hampered their escape efforts. Ella told Stuff: ‘The water just came up behind me… and it just lifted Ivy off my shoulders and I went under the water. When I came up I could just see her floating away. I lost her.’ The mum-of-two woke up at 4am to see her home had been flooded, and within half an hour, the water had risen by one metre. ‘We made the decision to leave the girls asleep right up until we left, so they weren’t panicking,’ Ella said through tears. ‘Jack went up to the kids and said, “Come on babies, we’ve got to go on an adventure.”‘ However by the time they got to the front door, the water was already up to their chests. With the children on their shoulders, the parents waded through the powerful waters to reach a neighbour’s property. Just as they were nearing the two-storey house, they heard something ‘break’ and a ‘massive torrent’ of water smashed into the family. Jack managed to hold onto Imogen by clinging to a hedge, but Ella felt the water hit her from behind and Ivy was lifted from her shoulders as the pair became submerged. When she resurfaced, she saw Ivy floating away, and the current was too fast for her husband to be able to reach her. The family were eventually rescued after trying to climb up onto a roof with neighbours – where they stayed from 5.30am until the afternoon. Ivy was found the following morning two doors down from their property. Ella has paid tribute to her young daughter, describing her as her ‘beautiful baby girl’. She said: ‘Ivy had a great sense of humour, was very creative and determined to overcome obstacles.’ In a Facebook post on Thursday night, Ella said Ivy died ‘very quickly’. ‘This tragedy has cost us everything; our home and everything in it. With the water level 10cm from the ceiling everything has been utterly destroyed, our section and our incredible lovingly tendered edible garden… nothing is salvageable,’ she wrote. ‘But none of that loss compares even close to the loss of our beautiful baby girl.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.