Wimbledon finalist Nick Kyrgios has pleaded guilty to assaulting his ex-girlfriend in Australia but avoided a criminal conviction. A magistrate in the tennis star’s home town of Canberra did not record a conviction against the 27-year-old, describing the common assault as an act of ‘stupidity and ‘frustration’ but said it was not premeditated. Magistrate Jane Campbell also dismissed the offence on the basis that it was at the low end of seriousness for a common assault. Kyrgios released a statement after the ruling saying he was grateful to the court for dismissing the charges without conviction. ‘I was not in good place when this happened and I reacted to a difficult situation in a way I deeply regret,’ he said. ‘I know it wasn’t OK and I’m sincerely sorry for the hurt I caused.’ A psychologist told the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) Magistrates Court that Kyrgios had suffered severe depression, suicidal ideation and insomnia in the past but his mental health had improved. The 2022 Wimbledon runner-up had pushed his former girlfriend to the ground during an argument in January 2021. On Friday, Kyrgios’ psychologist, Sam Borenstein, said in a written report and testimony by phone the tennis star had suffered major depressive episodes in the past and had used alcohol and drugs to cope. His mental health had led to impulsive and reckless behaviour. Mr Borenstein added that the 27-year-old’s recent knee injury had resulted in mild to moderate symptoms of depression, but his mental health was improving. Lawyers for Kyrgios had previously sought to have the assault charge stemming from events two years ago dismissed on mental health grounds but the application was unsuccessful. In February last year, Kyrgios opened up about his performance at the 2019 Australian Open, saying what appeared to be a positive time in his life had been ‘one of my darkest periods’. ‘I was lonely, depressed, negative, abusing alcohol, drugs, pushed away family and friends,’ he wrote on Instagram. ‘I felt as if I couldn’t talk or trust anyone. This was a result of not opening up and refusing to lean on my loved ones and simply just push myself little by little to be positive.’ Kyrgios made further references to his mental health struggles during his runs to the final at Wimbledon and the quarter-finals at the US Open. MORE : Nick Kyrgios makes big prediction about ‘monster’ Novak Djokovic after he wins 2023 Australian Open MORE : ‘Leaky petrol tank’ Kyrgios cannot ignite sombre affair For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 