Tonight, The Masked Singer UK featured a dramatic double elimination ahead of next week’s grand finale, with two more jaw-dropping reveals. The first star to be eliminated was fan-favourite Jacket Potato, who was revealed to be none other than legendary musician Richie Sambora, best-known as the lead guitarist of the rock band Bon Jovi. With Jellyfish, Phoenix, Fawn and Rhino the remaining semi-finalists in the competition, in the end, it was also Jellyfish’s time to be sent home in the penultimate episode. As they took their mask off, the judges’ jaws dropped to the floor as Amber Riley was unmasked… who just a few months ago, won the US version of the show. After being unveiled, the Glee star admitted she was crossing her fingers that the panel wouldn’t guess her identity when they started bringing up the Dreamgirls-related clues, having played Effie White in the musical. Having not known any of the other celebrities taking part in the competition, the 36-year-old was astounded to discover that Richie, 63, had heard her singing a Bon Jovi song. Several viewers admitted that they’d known it was Amber all along, while one tweeted: ‘Amber Riley doing both masked singers in one year? A queen.’ ‘Amber Riley was spectacular throughout and truly has been robbed to not get to the final!! Was supposed to be the winner of the show,’ another wrote. In November, Amber won the US version of The Masked Singer where she appeared as the character Harp. She beat out fellow famous faces among the likes of Gloria Gaynor, William Shatner, Wilson Phillips and Linda Blair. Speaking out after he elimination, Amber admitted the biggest challenges she faced in her Jellyfish costume. ‘I was nervous because I couldn’t see very well and my balance was pretty off and on top of the jet lag there was so much to juggle all at once. But I did it!’ she said. Praising the costume design, she remarked: ‘I thought the character was fun, but also very beautiful and over the top all at the same time,’ adding: ‘I loved the colours of the costume and thought the overall design was impeccable.’ The Masked Singer returns next Saturday at 7pm on ITV and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Masked Singer reveals legendary Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora behind Jacket Potato in semi-final MORE : Steps icon Claire Richards reveals bizarre way she kept cool in ‘heavy’ Masked Singer Knitting costume 