Andy Murray has rated his chances at Wimbledon 2023 as the British tennis legend continues his resurgence with a metal hip. The three-time Grand Slam champion – who won Wimbledon in 2013 and 2016 – has been on an upwards trajectory since his career-saving hip surgery in 2019. The 35-year-old former world No.1 was told he would not play professional tennis again but since that operation he has now reached four ATP Finals. Murray reached two finals last year and has enjoyed a strong start to 2023 with Saturday’s runner-up finish at the Qatar Open to world No.7 Daniil Medvedev. That result has seen him climb 18 places to world No.52 but the next step for Murray would be a deep run at one of the major tournaments, which is exactly what he is targeting when the Championships roll back around at SW19 in June. ‘My feeling on Wimbledon is that less players play well on grass,’ Murray told The Times. ‘More of the guys are comfortable on the hard courts and that probably increases my chances. ‘I’m not saying I would expect to win the French Open [on clay] if I played, but with Wimbledon there is certainly a better opportunity to have a deep run. ‘But I also really like the way that I’ve trained in practice these last four months and I’ve not been doing that with Wimbledon in mind. ‘I’m trying to just focus on each day and trying to get the most out of it. If I do that and accumulate enough of those days, then I believe that come Wimbledon my game will be in a really, really good place. ‘I just know that where my game today, in comparison to where it was last year, is night and day. ‘In Doha last year I played one of the worst matches of my career physically [losing 6-0, 6-1 to Roberto Bautista Agut in the second round]. I felt s***, I played terrible and I had no real clarity around what I was doing. ‘I had issues with my back and I felt terrible. Yes, I have some niggles and my body doesn’t feel amazing, but it’s coped really well with the first few tournaments of the year that have been really demanding. ‘My belief is that my body would be fine to play seven five-set matches if needs be. ‘Granted, if they are six-hour ones, probably not, but regular five-set matches, I’d be able to cope with that.’ MORE : Andy Murray sets new career target after finishing as Qatar Open runner-up MORE : Andy Murray pulls out of Dubai tennis tournament over injury fears 