Jay-Z is reportedly set to perform at the Grammy awards after fans became convinced Beyonce would make an appearance. The famous couple are tied for the most nominated artists in history, with Bey leading the way at this year’s ceremony with a whopping nine nominations. As always, there’s a star-studded list of performers already confirmed for Sunday’s ceremony in LA, including Harry Styles, Lizzo and Sam Smith. But there are more announcements to come, with tipped presenter Trevor Noah recently teasing ‘one of your favourite’ female performers would make an appearance –  leading to people instantly jumping on the idea it would be Beyonce herself. He added on the People Every Day podcast: ‘Then one of your other favourite performers is a man, and that man is going to be performing at the Grammys.’ Now Variety reports that Jay will perform the Grammy-nominated song God Did at the prestigious ceremony, along with a slew of other A-Listers. According to the outlet, the Encore rapper will be joined on stage by DJ Khaled, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, John Legend and Friday for a special all-star live rendition of the track, which is up for three awards including song of the year. Other performances have been hinted at to pay tribute to iconic performers who died over the last year, with Sheryl Crow, Mick Fleetwood and Bonnie Raitt tipped to perform Songbird in honour of late Fleetwood Mac star Christine McVie. Kacey Musgraves is reportedly set to perform Coal Miner’s Daughter in tribute to the late Loretta Lynn, and Maverick City Music and Quavo will seemingly sing Without You to remember rapper Takeoff. It comes after former Daily Show host Trevor, who is slated to present the ceremony for a third time, suggested that there are big surprises on the way. ‘I’m not allowed to say anything. But this is what I will say. One of your favorite performers is a woman, and that woman is going to be performing at the Grammys,’ he teased. ‘Then one of your other favourite performers is a man, and that man is going to be performing at the Grammys. You’re going, “Oh, but that could be anyone”. ‘But you know it’s not anyone because you’ve been listening to their album the whole year.’ Right on cue, fans were instantly convinced that the host was referring to Beyonce, who unveiled her Renaissance album last year and has jut announced a huge world tour kicking off in May. As well as a slew of iconic performances, major A-listers are confirmed to be hanging out awards on the night, including Cardi B, Viola David, Dwayne Johnson, Shania Twain, James Corden, Olivia Rodrigo, Jill Biden and Billy Crystal. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Jay Z for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyhive, assemble! Expert gives top tips on having the best shot at securing tickets for Beyoncé’s Renaissance world tour MORE : Beyonce’s father admits live shows ‘drain’ her as she gives all her ‘energy’ to her fans  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 