Everyone needs a bit of space from their family sometimes, and heading out for a walk is a great way to get it. Only coming back two years later, however, is a bit harsh. Shadow the cat bolted out the front door of his home in Erdington, Birmingham, in March 2021 and has had quite the adventure since. Mum Jo Wimpory, 56, and her son Edward, 11, launched a desperate search, knocking doors, ringing vets and putting up missing posters. They even sat in a cemetery where people had spotted him. But they had no luck and eventually had to carry on with their lives without their pet. Jo said: ‘He never came back – it was sad and we missed him. My son, Edward, and Shadow bonded quite fast. ‘After eight months, I thought someone else had taken him in but I never took the posters down.’ The family was shocked when they got a call from Vets 4 Pets in the nearby town of Sutton Coldfield on Friday, to say they had scanned a stray cat and found the family’s details. Jo said: ‘I literally shouted at my son to drop what he was doing and we went straight to the vets – it was Shadow. ‘We are taking it very slowly in introducing him back to life in our house. We also have two other cats. ‘He’s got a good appetite and he drank a lot of water last night. I’m going to make sure that he doesn’t go away, I’m hoping to fit one of those GPS collars. ‘I wish he could talk and tell me what he’s been up to. He is very skinny, has a flea allergy and got cuts on him. ‘But he’s still a friendly little boy. As he’s hurt, it’s difficult to touch him.’ Shadow is certainly not the only feline who has needed a lot of space from his family. Basil the cat went missing from his home in Ilford, east London, in 2012 and was only reunited with his owners last September – nine years later. His disappearance left the Wilby family distraught as they put up posters and knocked doors to try and find him. But they never gave up hope as years passed and they eventually moved house. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.