This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. George at ASDA has announced the launch of its adapted clothing range, designed to aid self-dressing for young people and children with disabilities Comfortable and stylish, the 24-piece collection has been made to suit particular needs – and features discreet and practical modifications. The collection follows the success of the brand’s Easy on Easy Wear school uniform range last September. To help design the collection, the supermarket enlisted the expertise of 14-year-old Ava Joliffe – an award-winning deaf and blind artist from Preston. Ava assisted the design team with the accessibility of the range, providing authentic advocacy for young disabled people. She especially ensured that the pieces remained true to the main kidswear collection. George’s buying manager Vicki Radford said: ‘It was really important to Ava that we designed our adapted collection in line with the main kidswear range, so children with disabilities can wear the same as their friends. ‘And it was really important to us that these pieces remain competitively priced and affordable to all our customers. ‘Working with Ava was a real joy; we’re all so proud of the pieces we’ve created together, and as a brand, are delighted to have been able to extend the range past schoolwear to encompass everyday dressing.’ Functionality is key throughout – but style is also important. Made for ages 3-16, and with prices starting from £9, the collection includes standout prints like camoflauge and leopard. Hidden hook and loop fasteners have been placed on necklines to help with putting sweatshirts and t-shirts on, as well as taking them off. Meanwhile, higher backs and longer legs created a level waistband and maintain a perfect leg length when seated. In addition, holes have been added to work around feeding tubes and soft threads have been specifically incorporated. Care labels can also be removed to prevent irritation and support children with sensory needs. The collection is available to shop online and in-store now. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How one couple fashioned a £1,200 kitchen by reusing items and going to car boot sales MORE : This transitional capsule wardrobe has everything you need for spring dressing MORE : The world’s nine best city break destinations for disability accessibility