Davide Sanclimenti and girlfriend Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu are currently soaking up the sun on holiday – but it appears drama is never far behind this Love Island couple. The reality TV favourites – who won the 2022 series of the ITV dating show – recently jetted to the Maldives to relax after Ekin-Su, 28, was eliminated from Dancing On Ice. After such a hectic few months for the lovebirds, they were probably hoping for some peace and quiet. However, back at their home in England, they seemed to have an unexpected visitor. A clearly very angry Davide, 27, caught someone from ‘maintenance’ outside their property on CCTV and he wasn’t afraid to let the individual know that he wasn’t welcome. Taking to his Instagram Story, the Italian star shared black and white photographs of a man in a hi-vis coat outside their house. Davide didn’t go into detail on the incident, but implied someone was posing as maintenance to try and gain access to their home, knowing they weren’t there – and he wasn’t happy at all. Lashing out in a sweary rant, he wrote: ‘We did not expect no maintenance when we are in Maldives!’ ‘So stay far away from our house motherf***ers’, he blasted. ‘Police is after you, f**k you piece of s**t’, he added, followed by a middle finger emoji. Tagging his other half in the post, Davide also wrote: ‘Don’t f**k with Ekinde’. Well, that’s them told! Davide and Ekin-Su have been sharing glimpses from their romantic getaway with their followers. On Sunday, the hunk posted a video of himself playing tennis, joking that he still remembers how to play after 16 years off the court. He then shared a snap of his and Ekin-Su’s very tasty looking breakfast, as they tucked into a full English. After which, they enjoyed a jet ski ride around the crystal clear waters. Well, we say ‘enjoyed’, but Ekin-Su had us in stitches as she screamed the whole way around! The couple have only gone from strength to strength since leaving the Majorcan villa last summer. In fact, Davide has hinted that he might be getting down on one knee sometime soon. He exclusively told Metro.co.uk ahead of their first Valentine’s Day that he signed up to Love Island to ‘find a genuine person.’ ‘I wanted to find love and now I feel like I’ve got everything I’ve been asking for. I find myself really good with Ekin,’ he gushed. ‘We’ve got really good intentions for the future, we’re probably going to get married so I feel like I’ve got everything I wanted.’ Reps for Davide and Ekin-Su have been contacted for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent superstar enters Love Island villa in huge surprise alongside Jax Jones MORE : Love Island All Star series ‘in the works’ with iconic islanders ‘set to return’ 