Love Island lost its sassy bombshell Zara Lackenby-Brown tonight as she was eliminated in the recoupling. The model and dancer, 25, was the last girl standing after the boys chose who they wanted to recouple with in Wednesday’s episode. Awkwardly, it was Zara’s ex Tom Clare who had the final say as he was last to pick whether he wanted to recouple with her or Ellie Spence, who he’d had a sneaky kiss with earlier in the week. And, after their fiery row in last night’s episode, it’s no surprise that Tom chose to recouple with Ellie, sadly sending Zara home from the South African villa. Explaining his decision in a short speech, Tom, 23, said: ‘This is not an easy decision for me and I never want to see people go home. ‘This girl I do think it’s genuine and she’s here to meet someone, she deserves a fair shot whether that’s with me or someone else.’ It was at this point Zara realised she was likely going home before Tom named Ellie as his pick. Although a little teary, Zara took it on the chin and reassured the girls she was fine and looking forward to hugging her beloved dad at home. In her true sassy nature, she joked: ‘I’m gonna go find someone rich and older.’ Speaking after leaving the villa, Zara opened up about her initial connection with Tom and said: ‘I did think there could be potential with Tom. He’d told me he’d been in a long-term relationship, so I already knew he was capable of being committed. ‘The age difference was a bit of a barrier for me – girls mature faster than guys.’ The two decided to split after Zara realised Tom seemed less interested and began flirting with other women, in particular, Olivia Hawkins. Reflecting on their decision to end their romance, Zara said: ‘I genuinely think me and Tom calling it a day was the best thing that we could have done because we weren’t ever actually on the same page. ‘Like a flame, we burned quick, and it was just more physical attraction. The fact we weren’t each other’s types intrigued us to try and make a go of it, but ultimately it didn’t work out.’ Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : AJ Odudu teases secret Love Island sketch as she spills line-up for Comic Relief MORE : Love Island’s Dami Hope claps back after fans compare girlfriend Indiyah Polack to Lana Jenkins 