Daisy May Cooper came face to face with her idol Ben Shephard on Monday and was physically trembling. The star, who hours earlier was revealed as Otter on Masked Singer, ran into the Good Morning Britain studio draped in a blanket stamped with Ben’s face at the beginning of the week. As she sat down, Daisy clutched her chest and declared: ‘I’m shaking,’ before telling the presenter: ‘You are the most beautiful man in the world.’ The This Country actress, 36, famously dedicated her memoir Don’t Laugh It’ll Only Encourage Her to 48-year-old Ben and was delighted to be in his company. ‘I’m shaking. My heart is pounding out of my chest. You smell like what I wanted you to,’ she told the GMB host. ‘How do I smell?’ Ben queried, to which Daisy replied: ‘Like a bunny rabbit.’ The mum-of-two also spoke about her stint on Masked Singer, revealing her daughter had initially cried when she found out her mum would be on the show. ‘When I got the phone call saying do I want to do Masked Singer, I told my daughter and she cried because she’s embarrassed of me. You can’t get anything right,’ Daisy told Ben and Susanna Reid. After her unveiling on Sunday, Daisy joked that she did the show because she ‘needed the cash,’ leaving panellists Rita Ora, Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross, and Mo in stitches. On taking part, she added: ‘I loved every single second of it. I did this for my daughter Pip, who is a massive fan of the show.’ Mo, who was the first panellist to guess the correct celebrity, was overjoyed. ‘I got one! And it was an otter and I love otters,’ he said. ‘Do you know what it was with you Daisy? You could tell you were a comedic actress because you’re so physical, but you’re a really good singer.’ Host Joel Dommett said: ‘You didn’t stop moving the entire time,’ to which Daisy replied: ‘Tell me about it! Oh my God, why did I put so much energy into the first… and then I had to keep it up. Why couldn’t I have been a sloth or something?’ Explaining the clues, a reference to being in pairs was a reference to her brother, to which Daisy joked: ‘I’m trying to move away from him.’ The This Country actress added: ‘I’ve loved it, I mean I’m exhausted and absolutely relieved.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna makes surprise appearance at Grammys and praises ‘troublesome, provocative’ artists amid mega comeback MORE : Alex Scott ‘so excited’ as she makes surprise red carpet appearance at Grammys 