An old interview that saw S Club 7 being dragged off camera when asked a dicey question by Claudia Winkleman has resurfaced. Back in 2003, not long after the band announced their split, the TV presenter was chatting to them on BBC 3’s Liquid News in 2003, when something she asked got her in hot water. In the studio were Jo O’Meara, Hannah Spearitt, Jon Lee and Bradley McIntosh, but when introducing the segment Claudia said there had been a ‘dramatic goodbye’. She explained that while they’d been there for a farewell interview, it had ‘run into difficulties’. Bringing up the rumour that they had gone their separate ways was because they were ‘grumpy’ about their manager Simon Fuller making lots of money from their albums, Claudia questioned whether they were waiting to see their success reflected in their own bank accounts. ‘Let’s talk cash,’ is the way she launched into the line of questioning. ‘Simon Fuller, please don’t look at me like you’re angry, he’s got £90 million in the bank,’ she said, before some of the band jumped in. ‘90 now? I thought it was 50 last week,’ Jo said. ‘There are rumours, I don’t know how true they are, that you guys are grumpy because you haven’t made a mint,’ Claudia continued. There was an audible awkward sigh from one of the band, but Bradley then jumped in to say they hadn’t ‘got a mint’. ‘I would love a mint,’ he added. Jo tried to smooth things out, adding: ‘We are really really lucky to be where we are today and have the bank balances that we do.’ However, things fell apart soon after when one of the band’s public relations team stormed onto the set and declared that: ‘I’m not having that. I’m not having you ask that question.’ ‘I’ve had to stop this and I’ve had to walk in here and we are going.’ As a producer tried to diffuse the tense situation the PR person could be heard saying ‘no’ and walking away as one of the girls could be heard saying ‘maybe we should go’. The clip ended with Claudia’s iconic ‘oh dear’ expression before she jumped into an interview with celebrity reporter Vanessa Langford, who said the question had clearly strayed from the ‘innocuous, benign’ ones they had probably been expecting. ‘Your question wasn’t that off the wall but you could see the guys look a bit backwards and puzzled and then the PR came storming in,’ she said. Although the rumours had already been reported in the papers, Claudia added that it had ‘seemed fine’ to ask what she did. This week, on Monday, after months of speculation, the band announced they would be returning for a reunion tour in celebration of their 25-year legacy. No, this is not a drill and you are not dreaming, all seven members are actually doing this. Paul Cattermole, Rachel Stevens, and Tina Barrett will also re-join their old bandmates for an 11-date arena tour across the UK and Ireland later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : S Club 7 star Jon Lee teases new music following reunion tour finale: ‘We’ve spoken about it’ MORE : S Club 7’s Jo O’Meara horrified after fan broke into her hotel room and waited on bed while on tour 