Various important items have been stolen from Banksy’s latest artwork before they could be preserved. The new piece on the side of a house in Margate, Kent, is called ‘Valentine’s Day Mascara’. The artwork depicts a woman in a retro dress, complete with kitchen apron and Marigolds, with a bruised eye and missing teeth. It originally had a fridge freezer with a pair of man’s legs sticking out, suggesting he had been dumped there by his wife. Thanet District Council came under fire for carting away the freezer that formed a vital part of the piece less than 24 hours after it first appeared. It was then returned before being taken away again by art handlers contracted by Red Eight Gallery where it is currently in storage. Although the piece was quickly dissembled by council workers – it didn’t stop art lovers flooding the town to see it. A broken chair, a frying pan and a glass bottle are some of the items believed to have been stolen in the interim period. London-based Red Eight Gallery had plans to preserve the piece before the items were stolen. Its chief executive, Julian Usher, said: ‘There were other items forming part of this art installation. ‘We believe a frying pan with red paint on it, then a bottle and a chair. ‘We have had contact from an unknown person offering the frying pan for sale and we will consider securing that. ‘Regarding the chair and bottle, it is unlikely and probably on balance, deemed unnecessary. ‘We had security on site by 10am having had the call just after 9am on Tuesday morning from the owner and by then they had gone. ‘We have the freezer secured and in storage. ‘It is a shame that a local was quick to remove an item, but it won’t affect what the owner wishes to achieve.’ The homeowner of the building the mural is currently on instructed the gallery to handle the safe removal of the work. They asked for any money raised in the process to go towards domestic abuse charities. Until a new home is found for the piece, it will be covered in perspex to prevent any vandalism. The mural will eventually be cut away by structural engineers before it is moved to a different permanent location. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.