It looks like romance is heating up between Carrie Bradshaw (Sarah Jessica Parker) and Aidan Shaw (John Corbett) in And Just Like That. Sex And The City fans had mixed feelings when it was revealed the carpenter would be joining the spin-off series, which also stars Cynthia Nixon and Kristin Davis. Aidan and Carrie had a rocky on and off again relationship in the OG programme, breaking up twice after the writer cheated on him with Mr Big (Chris Noth) and then again when she was unable to commit. But it seems like they’re very much on in the Darren Starr drama, with the pair spotted smooching outside Carrie’s iconic brownstone New York apartment during filming for season 2. Carrie, wearing her blonde tresses long, is wearing a blue floral dress which she has paired with a silk cream coat and sparkly stilettos. Aidan, meanwhile, in his typically understated fashion is sporting an all-black get-up as he looks longingly at his ex-girlfriend. Fans once again are unsure about the exes rekindling their flame, with one saying they were ‘nervous’. ‘Carrie & Aidan are really back together & I know Big is dead but I just dk how I feel about it yet until I watch the new season. Aidan was good to her & she broke that man’s heart,’ another added. However, one viewer was very much team Carrie and Aidan, remarking that seeing the couple together made them feel ‘giddy.’ The first season of And Just Like That saw Carrie come to terms with the death of Mr Big, who died from a heart attack while on a Peloton bike. The journalist began tentatively dipping her foot back into the dating pool but did not have any big romances as she dealt with her grief. Ahead of the revival, John teased that he was involved, so people were understandably confused when he didn’t appear in the first season. However, executive producer Michael Patrick King said that it would have been ‘a lot’ for Carrie to go through in one season after the death of her husband. ‘We wanted to get her through and into the light—the last episode is called, Seeing the Light,’ he told Deadline. ‘We wanted to get her out. [Aidan’s return] is a big storyline that everybody at home wrote that we had never intended.’ And Just Like That is available to stream on Now in the UK. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sarah Jessica Parker’s stepdad dies aged 76 after ‘unexpected, rapid illness’ MORE : Sarah Jessica Parker, her twin daughters and star Bettle Midler run amok in New York for Hocus Pocus 2 premiere  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat.