There were plenty of bizarre moments at this year’s Brit Awards – but Daisy May Cooper’s joke about seeing the Sugababes not doing cocaine in the bathroom might take the biscuit. Having previously warned that she was going to ‘get messy’ at the award ceremony, the This Country star appeared to live up to her promise in the most hilarious way possible. While presenting the best alternative rock award, which ended up going to The 1975, the 36-year-old remarked that earlier in the night, she was in the bathroom when she saw the Sugababes. ‘And they weren’t doing coke – they were lovely,’ she then added, much the audience’s shock. Despite the 2023 ceremony being aired live on ITV, it appeared the broadcaster or those running the event tried to censor Daisy by muting her microphone the minute that they realised the direction that her gag was going in. However, they didn’t get there soon enough, as plenty of people heard her wisecrack. ‘Thoughts and prayers to the “Audio Muted” team failing to mute Daisy May Cooper talking about the Sugababes in the toilets,’ one person tweeted. ‘Daisy May Cooper saying “don’t worry about the Sugababes they weren’t doing coke.” Got me screamin’ why was that blurred out?’ another asked. Someone else called for Daisy to host next year’s show, following two consecutive years of The Masked Singer UK judge Mo Gilligan at the helm. ‘Can we have Daisy May Cooper present every award next year,’ another individual suggested after watching the hilarity of the situation play out. ‘Daisy May Cooper doesn’t give a single f**k,’ a fan of hers quipped, with another person adding: ‘Ahahahaha Daisy May Cooper f**king love her.’ Earlier on in the evening, the Sugababes graced the red carpet to serve up some fashionable looks, with Keisha Buchanan donning an oversized pinstriped suit. Mutya Buena opted for a sleek black cut-out dress, while Siobhán Donaghy also went for the power suit look, standing out in magenta. Harry Styles was the top winner of the night, taking home all four of the awards that he was nominated for, while Lizzo, Beyoncé, Wet Leg and Becky Hill also won big at the event. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brit Awards descends into chaos with ‘technical difficulties,’ forcing show to repeat Adele performance from 2022 MORE : Maya Jama accidentally lets slip ‘secret’ of when she’ll next be back on Love Island while at the Brit Awards 