Mums have branded Asda balloons as ‘bloody dangerous’ after claiming they choked on the confetti inside. Several buyers say they are a ‘health hazard’ and have run into problems trying to inflate them. One of those is Sara Dyson, who was blowing up some for her son’s birthday when suddenly the confetti got stuck in her throat. The 43-year-old, from West Yorkshire, said: ‘My daughter laughed at me while she was blowing hers up and then she inhaled them herself – for a second it was actually quite scary.’ It all started when Georgie Young posted about the problem with them on Facebook. The 31-year-old said she found it difficult to add the confetti, describing it as ‘long-winded’. Other parents started commenting alleging their children choked on the confetti. The packaging makes clear the product is a potential health hazard, a pump is required and children should be supervised. It says it is not suitable for children under three and all users should be cautious. There is also a suffocation warning. Another mum, Chloe, who did not wish to give her second name, says she nearly choked blowing up the balloons. The 29-year-old, from south London, posted a photo which shows a mouthful of confetti after blowing it up. ‘It was extremely fiddly getting the confetti in, and when I went to blow up the balloon, I ended up with a mouthful of the stuff,’ she said. ‘It took a few seconds before I managed to get it all out before choking. ‘At first I thought it was funny, hence the expression in the photo. But if that was a child it would have definitely been a huge choking issue.’ Jamie Newman, 37, from Hertfordshire, also weighed into the online debate. The mum said: ‘I poured the confetti into the silly cardboard funnel and it all got stuck. ‘Not thinking things through I decided to blow on the funnel to push the confetti through. ‘Instead of going into the balloon it all shot to the back of my throat and got stuck for a few seconds. ‘But luckily I managed to cough it out.’ Despite the mums worries, no formal complaints have been received by Asda. A spokesperson for the supermarket chain said: ‘There are clear instructions on the packaging of this product which state that the use of a balloon pump is recommended. ‘There are also warnings advising that the product is not suitable for children. ‘If a customer has an issue with any of our products, we encourage them to contact us directly so that we can try to understand their concerns.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.