Logan Paul is confident his brother Jake will knock Tommy Fury out in the fourth round of their eagerly anticipated showdown on Sunday. The rivals made weight on Saturday ahead of tomorrow’s fight when both men will put their unbeaten records on the line in a contest more about celebrity bragging rights than punching prowess. Heavyweight world champion Tyson Fury sported a keffiyeh headscarf and sunglasses as his half-brother Tommy weighed in at 184.5 pounds, half a pound under the cruiserweight limit, while Paul tipped the scales at 183.6. ‘Tomorrow night his time is up, Jake Paul will no longer be boxing. I’m going to put Jake Paul away inside four rounds,’ a riled-up Tommy Fury said from the stage. ‘He’s acting on stage, getting all hyped up, trying to act like his brother. This professional boxer is going down. It’s easy, it’s simple. I’m ready – cool, calm, collected,’ Paul said, promising a finish in the same time-frame. After two previous bouts were cancelled, the pair will finally face off at the Diriyah Arena, where Paul expects a win against an unbeaten pro boxer with an 8-0 record that he hopes will burnish his reputation in the sport. The brash Paul, a 26-year-old American best known for his social media videos, has disrupted boxing by taking on a series of fellow celebrities and ex-mixed martial artists en route to a 6-0 record, notching four knockouts along the way. The 23-year-old Fury may have a more traditional boxing background behind his record, but he is more famous for his celebrity sibling and his career in British reality TV than his pugilistic skills. ‘Like the posters say, the talk is over, we’ve done all the ‘yeah, yeah, yeah’, all the hoopla. It’s time to figure out the truth,’ Paul said. Jake’s older brother Logan, meanwhile, believes his sibling has what it takes to end the fight in the fourth round. He told talkSPORT: ‘If I’m right you have to pay me 50 bucks. Round four knockout, Jake Paul knocks out Tommy Fury. Flatline! I’m coming for my 50 bucks.’ MORE : Eddie Hearn makes Jake Paul v Tommy Fury prediction MORE : Tyson Fury reveals £100,000 bet on Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 