Stacey Solomon’s BBC series Sort Your Life Out has been criticised by animal welfare charities after a family’s rabbits were rehomed in a small hutch. On Wednesday night’s episode of the decluttering series, the Fall family were selected to get some help after their clutter had spiralled out of control. While the family had been keeping their pet rabbits in their conservatory, one of the first items of business was to create a space outside for them to roam. However, when their new hutch was revealed at the end of the episode, many viewers were quick to express their dismay at what some labelled a ‘completely unsuitable hutch’. One person posted on Twitter that they were enjoying the episode until the rabbits were ‘kicked into the garden’. ‘That hutch is too small for anything other than a bolt hole! There’s enough bad rabbit rearing without this encouragement,’ another wrote. A quick look at the hutch on screen showed a small two-level wooden structure for the rabbits. Criticisms also came from several animal welfare charities. The Anglican Society for the Welfare of Animals tweeted: ‘Very disappointed with the decision on rehousing the family pet rabbits on Sort Your Life Out. Stacey Solomon – you need to research the suffering endured by thousands of pet rabbits in small hutches.’ The Rabbit Welfare Association & Fund posted that it was ‘unbelievable’, and directed people to complain to the BBC directly. Rabbit Rescue organisation Save a Fluff also shared on social media that it was ‘hard enough trying to raise awareness of hutches being detrimental to rabbit health’ without the broadcaster presenting one. Some people watching the show said they were ‘horrified’ at the hutch. Another explained that rabbits needed space to roam freely, and not having so would be ‘detrimental to their health’. Many others shared a recent post by the RWAF which said that ‘commercially sold rabbit hutches spread the idea that hutches are sufficient housing for pet rabbits’. ‘They are not. Hutches are too small and can lead to the development of depression and physical deformities.’ However some viewers also said that this could be used as a perfect opportunity for education. A BBC spokesperson told Metro.co.uk that ‘the family’s pet rabbits usually live outside and were only living indoors for a short period of time after being neutered’. ‘They are therefore acclimatised to living in the garden. ‘The rabbits have full access to a wide, enclosed garden to roam around in, with the hutch being a place to come and go as they please during the day, as well as a safe and secure space for them to sleep in at night.’ By the end of the episode, the family of four had managed to sort out their 2,137 toys, 452 books, 13 guitars, 61 mugs and 1,274 tools. Sort Your Life Out is streaming on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon confirms she’s still ‘full bump’ as she awaits birth of fifth child MORE : Stacey Solomon transforms kitchen into floral wonderland as she hosts magical baby shower: ‘I feel so grateful’ 