Gus Kenworthy has said his cameo in new comedy 80 for Brady featured a kiss with Brian Jordan Alvarez but their smooch didn’t make the final cut. The film stars Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin, Sally Field and Rita Moreno as four best friends who embark on a full-throttle trip to see their hero Tom Brady play the Super Bowl. Olympic silver medallist Gus, 31, quipped that his kiss was ‘cut for Middle America’. ‘They said they had to cut it for time, but I think they cut it for Middle America,’ he noted this week. Adding that his on-screen kiss became ‘raunchy’, Gus joked: ‘Release the tapes! See if you can get that trending.’ Speaking to Variety, he added: ‘They used the script for one take, but then we did it like four or fives times where we would just ad-lib insults at each other and then make out.’ Gus – who came out in 2015 during an interview with ESPN – also spoke excitedly about working with ‘legends’ Fonda, Tomlin, Field and Moreno. ‘It was surreal,’ he said. ‘Like, I remember sitting on set when they were brought to set and like my jaw hit the floor.’ A rep for production company Fifth Season told Variety that 20 minutes was ‘cut from the film for pacing reasons, including key scenes with cast members, along with cameo appearances such as Gus and Brian’s kissing scene’. The statement went on: ‘We value and celebrate the contributions of the filmmakers and all of the incredible talent involved with the movie, including those members of the LGBTQ community. ‘We are deeply committed to meeting the needs of each individual film while maintaining our values as an inclusive studio.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Paramount for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders star Aaron Thiara says killer Ravi will go ‘all the way’ in almighty war with Jack MORE : Molly-Mae Hague gets candid about pooing while giving birth to daughter Bambi: ‘I could smell it’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 