The Brit Awards 2023 delivered an eventful night to say the last, with Harry Styles walking away as the biggest winner of the night, securing four wins in all four categories that he’d been nominated in. While other top winners of the night included Wet Leg, Beyoncé and Aitch, the artists who came out on top weren’t the only talking points of the awards ceremony at London’s O2 arena. The night began with a star-studded, dazzling red carpet, with Maya Jama leading the charge in a beautiful black and gold number after jetting back from South Africa, where she’s in the midst of hosting her first ever series of Love Island. As It Was singer Harry kicked off the ceremony with the first performance of the night, before the evening unfolded with performances from Lizzo and Sam Smith, an on-air apology from host Mo Gilligan after a noticeable blunder, and heartfelt speeches. So what were the biggest talking points of the show? Here’s what went down. The stars turned it out for the red carpet, with Lizzo looking like a bona-fide golden goddess as she posed alongside her boyfriend Myke White, who she only recently introduced to the masses on Instagram. While the reunion of S Club 7’s Jo O’Meara, Rachel Stevens and Tina Barrett set tongues wagging, especially ahead of the pop group’s highly-anticipated announcement coming on Monday, one of the standout stars of the red carpet was undoubtedly Jessie J. Having revealed just ahead of the ceremony that she’s having a boy, the Price Tag singer was adorned with scarlet ruffles as she arrived at London’s O2 arena, positively glowing while showcasing her baby bump with a cut-out design. What’s more, it marked her first return to the Brits in a decade. Welcome back! Sam Smith was also an absolute rockstar on the red carpet, leaving fans gagged as they feasted their eyes on the inflatable latex sculpture that they chose to wear for photographers. A serve! It came as no surprise when Harry bagged all four wins that he was after, having been nominated this year for British album of the year, song of the year for As It Was, British artist of the year and best pop or R&B act. However, Directioners were left absolutely swooning when he made sure to namecheck the other members of One Direction – Niall Horan, Louis Tomlinson, Zayn Malik and Liam Payne – during an acceptance speech, amid continued hope among the fandom that they could reunite someday. What’s more, Harry also made sure to acknowledge his ‘privilege’ when receiving the accolade for artist of the year, having previously been called out at the Grammys for what some perceived as ‘tone deaf’ remarks. This time around, Harry made sure to mention female artists who could have been nominated for artist of the year – Charli XCX, Rina Sawayama, Mabel, Florence + The Machine and Becky Hill – despite the gender-neutral category being all-male. He also shared a celebratory kiss with Lewis Capaldi after bagging an award, not to mention revealing a blossoming bromance with Hollywood legend Stanley Tucci when The Devil Wears Prada actor presented him with an award. Indie rock band Wet Leg appeared overwhelmed when they took to the stage to accept their awards – but they still managed to slip in an explicit, anti-Tory dig that was overheard by fans. Meanwhile, while some may have been expecting Matty Healy of The 1975 to raise eyebrows when he accepted an award on stage with his band, the singer was uncharacteristically tame, much to many people’s surprise. Queen Bey herself, Beyoncé, also made a special appearance at the Brit Awards to receive her honours, but unfortunately she couldn’t be present in person, delivering a pre-recorded video message instead. There are always bound to be some accidental mishaps during a live broadcast, but many viewers were left scratching their heads when Mo Gilligan introduced ‘Sam Capaldi’ to the stage. There is, of course, no Sam Capaldi – or at least, there wasn’t a Sam Capaldi on the list of performers. There was, however, the celebrated musician Lewis Capaldi, who Mo showered with praise when his performance came to an end, before apologising for his blunder. Lewis got in on the ‘Sam Capaldi’ fun as the moment went viral on social media, resharing a picture of his face superimposed on top of Sam Smith’s head. During the live ITV broadcast, there were several moments when there were clear attempts to mute the people speaking on screen, perhaps for fear that they could offend with improper use of language (to put it mildly). Beginning Aitch and Becky Hill swearing on live TV pre-watershed, later on, Daisy May Cooper managed to sneak in an unexpected, shocking joke about the Sugababes, as she stressed that they weren’t doing cocaine when she spotted them in the bathroom. Viewers were left in hysterics as they reacted to the moment on Twitter, with some calling for Daisy to be named the host of next year’s ceremony. Meanwhile, during the night, technical difficulties meant that at one point, Adele’s 2022 performance of I Drink Wine had to be repeated on the programme, before the live show resumed. There were several awkward moments during last night’s Brit Awards, one of which came when Tom Grennan and Ellie Goulding were presenting an award together. As he turned to his co-presenter, who was wearing a sculptural black armoured top, Tom asked: ‘I love what you’re doing – they’re your real boobs?’ While Ellie confirmed they weren’t and the pair continued their presenting duties, one person wrote on Twitter: ‘Totally insulting inappropriate comments.’ ‘Tom Grennan thinking it was appropriate to ask Ellie Goulding if they were her real boobs, on the Brits stage, just gave me the quickest ick in a while,’ another stated. Tom’s reps have been contacted for clarification over the situation – as if that was simply a pre-rehearsed skit, it certainly didn’t go down well. We are loving this era for Sam Smith, who’s continuing to absolutely own their confidence and their talent in the best way possible. Following performances from Harry Styles, Lizzo, Wet Leg, Becky Hill and Stormzy, Sam took to the stage with Kim Petras for another rendition of their hit song Unholy. The singer looked every inch an icon wearing a steampunk esque top hat with horns sticking out the top, as their dancers – who were also clad in black – danced passionately in unison. To top off a spectacular show, the performance ended with two dancers sharing a passionate kiss while lying on top of a car that had been stripped down to its skeletal state, and had been bouncing up and down. From their magnificent latex red carpet look to their stellar turn on the stage, Sam might not won the Brit Awards they’d been nominated for, but they were certainly a winner of the night. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Trailblazer’ Sam Smith ‘slays’ at Brit Awards with defiant Unholy performance – which ends with a passionate kiss MORE : Harry Styles celebrates cleaning up at Brit Awards with kiss on the lips from Lewis Capaldi 