This is your chance to live like an A-lister – courtesy of Pretty Woman: The Musical. It’s an, erm, Pretty amazing prize… If you’re eager to enjoy a taste of the Hollywood lifestyle for yourself, then this may be the year to make your California dreams a reality with a once-in-a-lifetime stateside getaway. Smash West End hit Pretty Woman: The Musical is giving away a five-night stay in Tinseltown to one lucky pair – featuring a jaw-dropping array of experiences to make you feel like a true A-lister. Once your feet are on  star-spangled soil in Los Angeles, California, you and your travel companion will be whisked off to an opulent hotel in the heart of Hollywood to enjoy the first of five evenings in the lap of luxury. The first adventure on your whistlestop tour of the City of Angels is a true showstopper: taking to the sky in a helicopter. There’s no better way to see the sprawling city’s best-known sites, from the shining sands of Malibu to the twinkling lights of the Sunset Strip, and not forgetting the legendary Hollywood sign. Sky-high selfies are a must. This is only the beginning of your Hollywood odyssey, as the next stop on your trip will be a VIP guided tour of the Chinese Theatre, which has rolled out the red carpet for many an iconic film premiere. As well as learning about the venue’s history, you’ll get to immerse yourself in the silver screen magic for yourself as you settle in for a film of your choice. Your spectacular afternoon will be followed by an even more fabulous evening being wined and dined at one of the city’s hottest hangouts. As you tuck into your deliciously extravagant dinner, be sure to keep those eyes peeled for any famous faces at the next table. There’s no knowing who’ll walk into a restaurant in La-La Land.  From take-off, everything will be taken care of as return flights from London and transfers are included, as well as $1,000 spending money to be splurged on Rodeo Drive. So, go on – your Hollywood happy ending awaits. To find out more and enter the competition, click here MORE : Aimie Atkinson on sharing Julia Roberts’ famous lines in Pretty Woman on stage: ‘Would I do them justice?’ MORE : Win a luxury five-night stay in Hollywood with Pretty Woman: The Musical