Things aren’t looking good for Joey Essex ahead of this weekend on Dancing On Ice. The former Towie star, 32, has been forced to rest ahead of Sunday’s live show after sustaining an injury. Sharing a photo after rehearsals, Joey showed his right leg all bandaged up. ‘Had better days…’ he wrote alongside the snap. It’s unclear what exactly happened to cause Joey’s injury, but Metro.co.uk understands he’s not in hospital and, despite sparking concern amongst his followers, he’ll still compete this weekend. Regardless, the set-back will surely come as a blow, as the reality icon and pro partner Vanessa Bauer have impressed week after week, slowly creeping up the leaderboard and wowing the panel with impressive tricks. Just last weekend, he transformed into the one and only Sir Elton John for Icons Week, skating to I’m Still Standing in a flamboyant, sparkly ensemble. He and German skater Vanessa – with whom he’s been romantically linked since the series began – scored an impressive 33 points out of a possible 40 from the judges. Oti Mabuse told him: ‘That is a fantastic way to open the show, you came out big energy… you look like you belong,’ with Joey achieving his highest score yet. As for this weekend’s routine, Vanessa revealed on Tuesday that the performance will be a ‘childhood dream come true’ for her. Sharing a snap with Joey to Instagram, she penned on Valentine’s Day: ‘Onto a new week of @dancingonice for us, this next routine will be a childhood dream come true for me’. We’ll be keeping everything crossed that Joey will be fit to take to the ice this weekend but, if he isn’t, it wouldn’t be the first time this series a celebrity has had to sit out. Just last week, The Wanted’s Siva Kansewaran had to skip a week due to illness. Following medical advice, the pop star admitted he was ‘gutted’ not to be performing. A Dancing On Ice spokesperson announced the news on Saturday, saying: ‘Due to illness Siva will not skate in this weekend’s show.’ They added that they ‘look forward to welcoming him back next weekend.’ ‘I’m gutted that I won’t be performing this weekend but I picked up a bug earlier in the week which I haven’t been able to shake so I need to rest and get myself better,’ he explained. ‘Good luck to all the contestants this weekend – I’m looking forward to watching everyone’s performances!’ Dancing On Ice airs this Sunday on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice pro Matt Evers reveals source of fire alarm after stars were evacuated ‘half-dressed’ MORE : Dancing On Ice’s The Vivienne ‘proud’ to perform in front of children following vile anti drag queen protest 