A corner shop which has remained unchanged since 1923 will soon close, marking the ‘end of an era’ for its owner. Ernest Clothier has owned Moore and Toop in Frome, Somerset, since 1969 but said the changing times means he’s decided to retire. The 77-year-old said: ‘Everybody’s been saying, “What are we going to do without you?” Even people who don’t shop here. ‘But I’m creeping towards 80 and I want to retire. Time is time, isn’t it?’ When it first opened 100 years ago, the store sold agricultural supplies to local farmers. Its first owner – referred to by Ernest as Mr Moore – stepped down in the late 1960s. Ernest and his late wife Mary took on the store and had plenty to learn despite growing up on a farm. He had to do a six-week gruelling trial shift under the watchful eye of Mr Moore before he could take over the store. He gave Ernest two options: perform well and the original ‘Moore and Toop’ shop-front sign could stay up, if not, it had to come down. Ernest passed the test and the sign has remained in place for another 54 years. Advertising boards which have been up throughout Ernest’s time at the helm remained on the walls but have now been sold off at auction for £600 a piece. He recalled a time when he and his wife used to be constantly busy at the store. ‘On a Saturday my wife and I used to be so busy that we wouldn’t even speak to each other, not even time for a quick cup of tea,’ he remembered. ‘We were so busy throughout the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s that we didn’t even think about making any changes to the shop. ‘We ran it more or less completely on our own and we were very very busy selling to local farmers and cottagers. ‘The farming industry started to change and business slowed down a bit.’ One of Ernest’s staple products used to be dog food and he often shifted 400 bags of it. Entwhistles and Spratts are just some of the old companies that took up advertising space on Ernest’s walls. He said: ‘As time went by, the biscuits kept changing hands to different brands and declined rapidly. ’15 or 20 years ago I discovered Spratts were still selling dog food on the game meat side.’ The original boards date back to World War Two and add to the historic feeling of the shop, and will be auctioned off as part of the shop’s closure. The store also has original Avery weighing scales – which Ernest claims are better than their modern electric counterparts. He never had any plans to modernise the place and said: ‘Not really, we were so busy we didn’t even think about it.’ Ernest will continue to trade until February 24 when the planned handover of the shop will be completed. ‘I don’t think anyone would want to carry the business on. We’ve got a warehouse as well so you’d need more space to store feed. The end of era really,’ he said. ‘The gentleman that has bought the space said he just wants to make it better because it’s never had any work on it – I’m not sure what he plans to do after. ‘I will miss the people without a doubt but I’m sure I’ll see most of them, if not all of them.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.