Ellie Goulding has undergone a serious hair transformation – and we’re absolutely loving the new look. The Starry Eyed singer has traditionally always sported various iterations of her staple blonde hair colour, but the 36-year-old is embracing a new style. Ellie was pictured entering BBC’s Maida Vale Studios with a cute pixie fringe and some glorious bangs to top off her brunette locks, and it looks fabulous. The star first debuted her brown locks at Fayre of St James Christmas Carol Concert, St James’ Church, in London in November, but this is the first we’re seeing the new styling. This comes after the Guns and Horses hitmaker shared a bikini selfie showing off her brunette hair in January. Ellie marked her 36th birthday with the post and told fans to be ‘proud’ of themselves as she reflected on her life so far. She wrote: ‘Staying in the glow of everything I’ve accomplished (including the teeny things like getting out of bed) and not constantly downplaying things to myself to exhaustion. Accepting it’s ok to be proud of yourself.’ Ellie also confessed she worried her anxiety was ‘ageing’ her, having previously opened up about 2021 being the ‘hardest’ of her life so far as she endured ‘crippling anxiety’ and panic attacks. ‘Noticing that my anxiety induced adrenalin might be ageing me (or is that just age?!) but I also feel like I could lift a car at any moment, so I’m still quite lethal somehow despite being knackered most of the time,’ she added. The pop star also said she’d spent ‘more time alone on walks this year than ever’ before, and she finds being in nature ‘the most healing and nurturing thing’ possible. Ellie is currently busy preparing for the drop of her fifth studio album Higher Than Heaven, which will be released on March 24, after welcoming her son Arthur with art dealer husband Caspar Jopling in April 2021. The Under the Sheets songstress has since claimed to be a ‘very protective mother’ as she was ‘particularly nervous’ about sharing a photo of Arthur on social media – even if it was just the back of his head. She said: ‘I have chosen not to expose him to the world on social media. I feel quite strongly about this (I believe it is his decision when he is older!)’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘It doesn’t matter’ EastEnders star Natalie Cassidy embraces grey hair MORE : Peter Andre insists he doesn’t dye his jet black hair, weeks ahead of 50th birthday 