British Gas owner Centrica has revealed its profits hit £3.3 billion last year as millions of Brits struggled to heat their homes. Operating profits were recorded at the company, up from £948m in 2021, and surpassing the previous highest-ever yearly profit of £2.7bn, posted in 2012. This is triple the huge £948 million the energy giant made the year before. Profits at the oil and gas producer have been helped by high energy prices. Wholesale gas costs had risen to new highs in the wake of the war in Ukraine as supplies were limited due to Russia’s subsequent sanctions imposed on the country for its invasion. Other huge energy companies including Shell have also announced record year-on-year profits. Shell profits increased by 53% to £68.1 billion in 2022 –  and after taking into account adjusted earnings, including taxes, profits amount to around 39.9 billion dollars (£32.2 billion). Record profits at the parent company of British Gas will add to pressure for a windfall tax on the energy sector and highlight the controversy over the company’s use of pre-paid meters for vulnerable customers. Chris O’Shea, Group Chief Executive said: ‘Our performance in 2022 demonstrates the benefits of our balanced portfolio and our strong balance sheet. ‘The energy crisis and cost of living pressures have created a challenging environment for customers and communities, but we have been able to provide much needed stability and support. ‘We invested £75m in supporting our energy customers in 2022, which was greater than the £8 post-tax profit per customer earned by British Gas Energy. ‘Whilst customers may see some relief given recent easing of prices, it remains clear that some will continue to need help and we will do what we can to support them in the year ahead.’ The ‘obscene’ profits have been slammed as campaigners claim the energy giants have been taking advantage of the price rises to hit vulnerable customers. A number of charities and groups have said this highlights the reason why the government should bring in a meaningful windfall tax on the energy industry. Unite general secretary Sharon Graham says: ‘British Gas owner Centrica has been coining it in from our massive energy bills while sending bailiffs to prey on vulnerable consumers the length and breadth of the country. ‘These energy companies are showing us everything that is wrong with the UK’s broken economy. ‘Rishi Sunak should get a grip – pull the plug on rampaging energy profiteering, impose a meaningful, tough windfall tax and give the NHS a pay rise with the proceeds.’ Scope, the disability equality charity, are calling for a social energy tariff to help disabled people through the cost of living crisis. Tom Marsland, policy manager at Scope, said: ‘It’s obscene that energy companies continue to make massive profits as disabled people face devastating situations because they can’t afford enough energy. ‘Life costs a lot more when you’re disabled. We’re being inundated with heart-breaking calls from disabled people who haven’t eaten for days, who can’t afford energy to charge wheelchairs and stairlifts, but are still racking up huge energy debts. ‘As we’ve seen, many have been forced onto prepayment meters as a result, putting lives and health in danger. ‘Energy companies need to start putting disabled customers first. ‘We need a social energy tariff – a discounted rate – for disabled people, to put an end to sky-high energy bills.’ Scope and Age UK have drawn up an open letter asking the government to introduce a social tariff, which can be signed here. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.