Puffin UK has announced the release of a ‘Roald Dahl Classic Collection’ which aims to ‘to keep the author’s classic texts in print’, following criticism of recent editing of his work to remove potentially offensive language. The 17 titles will be available later this year and will include archive material relevant to each of the stories by the much-loved but controversial children’s author. The classic collection will sit alongside the newly-released Roald Dahl books for young readers, which have been rewritten to cater for the sensitivities of modern audiences. The Roald Dahl Story Company and Puffin Books carried out a review of Dahl’s classics which led to the removal or rewriting of content deemed offensive – including references to weight, mental health, violence, gender and race. But critics including acclaimed author Sir Salman Rushdie and Prime Minister Rishi Sunak later condemned the changes. On Friday, Francesca Dow managing director of Penguin Random House Children’s, said: ‘At Puffin we have proudly published Roald Dahl’s stories for more than 40 years in partnership with the Roald Dahl Story Company. ‘Their mischievous spirit and his unique storytelling genius have delighted the imaginations of readers across many generations. ‘We’ve listened to the debate over the past week which has reaffirmed the extraordinary power of Roald Dahl’s books and the very real questions around how stories from another era can be kept relevant for each new generation. ‘As a children’s publisher, our role is to share the magic of stories with children with the greatest thought and care. Roald Dahl’s fantastic books are often the first stories young children will read independently, and taking care for the imaginations and fast-developing minds of young readers is both a privilege and a responsibility. ‘We also recognise the importance of keeping Dahl’s classic texts in print. By making both Puffin and Penguin versions available, we are offering readers the choice to decide how they experience Roald Dahl’s magical, marvellous stories. ‘Roald Dahl once said: “If my books can help children become readers, then I feel I have accomplished something important”. At Puffin, we’ll keep pursuing that ambition for as long as we make books.’ The Roald Dahl Classic Collection will sit alongside the newly released Puffin Roald Dahl books for young readers and readers will be free to choose which version of Dahl’s stories they prefer. Dahl died in 1990 at the age of 74 but has regularly topped the list of the nation’s favourite authors. But his legacy has been marred by his antisemitic views. In 2020, his family apologised, saying they recognised the ‘lasting and understandable hurt caused by Roald Dahl’s antisemitic statements’. While His Dark Materials author Sir Philip Pullman suggested Dahl’s works should be left to ‘fade away’ and go out of print as modern tastes move on. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.