Tom Grennan raised eyebrows after a seemingly ‘inappropriate’ joke fell flat among audiences at the Brit Awards on Saturday night. The 27-year-old singer took to the stage to co-present the statue for best new artist with fellow hitmaker Ellie Goulding, 36. Ellie – who donned a black armoured corset that featured a moulded pair of breasts for the evening – was the butt of the Little Bit Of Love singer’s attempt at an injection of humour to their speech. Unclear whether the comments were planned or not, the artist peered down at the Love Me Like You Do chart topper’s chest and uttered: ‘I love what you’re doing – they’re your real boobs?’ Tom’s question didn’t go down well online as fans were quick to call him out for the ‘inappropriate’ and ‘insulting’ nature of his words. One penned: ‘Totally insulting inappropriate comments #TomGrennan #Brits2023 @SonyMusicUK [sic]’ while another wrote: ‘He definitely put himself in an uncomfortable place with Ellie Goulding just now [sic]’. A further disgruntled fan said: ‘Tom Grennan thinking it was appropriate to ask Ellie Goulding if they were her real boobs, on the Brits stage, just gave me the quickest ick in a while. Like instantaneous sick in my mouth. [sic]’ ‘Tom Grennan – show some respect. Not funny and not OK [sic],’ an account penned as a reaction to the singer’s words. A social media user shared their strong feelings about the evening in general, throwing in the musician’s comments as the icing on the cake. They typed: ‘Honestly this Brit Awards nonsense is a huge car crash.  It could not be more awkward if they tried, no-one knows how to speak in front of an audience and Tom Grennan should be ashamed of that comment.  What a mess. [sic]’ Ellie turned heads on the carpet in her all-black ensemble that consisted of a wet-look top with a detailed outline of a female’s bust. She paired the racy upper layer with a pair of black suit trousers and heels, allowing her brunette tresses tumble down her back in soft curls. The award show took place on a Saturday night for the first time at London’s 02 arena and saw the likes of Harry Styles and Wet Leg take home multiple awards. Metro.co.uk contacted Tom’s reps for comment. MORE : Harry Styles sweetly thanks One Direction bandmates in Brit Awards speech as he acknowledges ‘privilege’ in all-male artist of the year category MORE : Brit Awards viewers left scratching their heads after Mo Gilligan mistakenly introduces ‘Sam Capaldi’… instead of Lewis Capaldi 