Martha Stewart has debuted some new arm candy but fans are confused over the legitimacy of the tattoo that seemed to depict rapper Snoop Dogg’s face. The 81-year-old American businesswoman took to Instagram to share her ink and generated speculation over whether it was actually a permanent addition to her upper arm. Alongside an image of the blonde star leaning back in a tattoo artist’s chair, Martha penned the caption: ‘My Dogg! Thanks for the amazing tattoo @scottcampbell. Forever linked in ink to my favorite @snoopdogg [sic].’ In the image, the famous face gazed back at the artist with a smile from ear to ear as the tattoo gun went to work etching the rapper’s signature sunglasses on her skin. She donned a beige-coloured tank top for the occasion and kept her make-up natural and light. A shock to her 1.7million fans, many guessed the move could be part of a skit for an upcoming Super Bowl commercial. The highly-anticipated American football extravaganza is scheduled to kick off on Sunday with Rihanna lined up to perform at the famous halftime slot. Underneath the iconic snap, fans questioned the purpose behind the stunt and asked Martha whether or not it was for real. One wrote: ‘Is this real? Bc if so I’m here for it [sic]’. Another questioned: ‘Maybe a teaser for a Super Bowl commercial?? [sic]’. ‘Is this fake news or real news? We need to know Martha’, a follower pleaded with the star. Snoop Dogg and Martha’s history dates all the way back to 2008 when the 51-year-old rapper appeared on The Martha Stewart Show. By the time 2014 rolled around, the pair had developed a relationship that centred around online banter –  until the TV star admitted she wished they were ‘closer friends’ during a Reddit AMA. Their ‘special bond’ was written about by Martha in the forward of the musician’s 2018 cookbook, From Crook To Cook. She said at the time: ‘Our relationship was born from our connection to food as we whipped up some cognac mashed potatoes and green brownies. ‘Working with Snoop in the kitchen has been a remarkable experience for me. Not only has he taught me new lingo and cultural references, he surprised me with his unique cooking techniques and recipes.’ The man himself then gushed over his friend in an issue of Rolling Stone: ‘I’ve never met anyone like Martha Stewart. When we come together, it’s a natural combination of love, peace, and harmony.’ Metro.co.uk contacted Martha’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna actually forgot her own birthday because of the Super Bowl halftime show MORE : Martha Stewart, 81, raves about her ‘facelift-free’ complexion in glowing series of selfies: ‘No filter!’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 