Shaughna Phillips enjoyed a day out with a pal on Monday as she gears up to welcome her first child. The Love Island star was seen in London for the first time since her boyfriend Billy Webb’s arrest on drug charges last month. The reality star, 28, wrapped her bump in a figure-hugging dress and appeared in high spirits while out and about in the capital. The soon-to-be mum-of-one appeared to crack a joke with her acquaintance, suggesting she’s trying her hardest to forget about all the drama surrounding her baby’s dad before the tot’s arrival. Shaughna opted for comfort in a stylish pair of Uggs and kept the winter sunshine at bay behind a chic pair of shades. Her outing comes days after she broke her silence on Billy’s arrest, admitting the past few weeks have been ‘challenging’ and that Billy is ‘no longer around’. It was reported in January that Billy, 29, was arrested earlier that month and the Metropolitan Police confirmed to Metro.co.uk he was charged with possession with intent to supply a Class A drug. Shaughna is due to give birth in March and said she is simply focused on her baby’s wellbeing following the drama. ‘After a challenging few weeks, obviously, the baby’s father isn’t around. But my main focus has always been just to prepare for the birth and try to be as calm as possible,’ she shared last week. She added to OK!: ‘I’m good at just saying, “Right, the show must go on”.’ The former reality star went on: ‘Billy’s not around, but I don’t want to say that I’m doing it on my own, because I’m absolutely not – my family’s incredible. ‘It’s going to be different, but I don’t want to say it’s going to be bad.’ In a statement shared last month, a police spokesperson said: ‘On Friday 20th January, officers arrested a male on Kentish Town Road NW5 after recovering a quantity of Class A drugs. ‘A search of a nearby address led to further Class A drugs being recovered, including Cocaine and MDMA. ‘Billy Webb was charged with possession with intent to supply a Class A drug and being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs on 21 January. ‘William Bowen was charged with possession with intent to supply a Class A drug on 21 January.’ They added: ‘Webb was remanded at court to appear at Southwark Crown Court on an unspecified date. Bowen was bailed at court to appear at Southwark Crown Court on an unspecified date.’ A rep for Shaughna told us that the reality star is unaware of the offences and is focusing on preparing to welcome her baby. ‘Shaughna had absolutely no knowledge of any activity involving the allegations against Billy,’ they said in a statement. ‘Despite being in a long term relationship with the defendant, Shaughna has no links with the address in question, and will be openly assisting the police with their enquiries. ‘We kindly ask the public to be mindful of the imminent birth of Shaughna’s baby and allow her some privacy during this difficult and stressful time.’ Shaughna, who appeared on ITV2’s dating series Love Island in 2020, announced she was set to become a mum in October. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers in stitches as Kai Fagan thinks he knows one of Casa Amor girls… but it wasn’t ‘Kim’ after all MORE : Batgirl star Leslie Grace was blindsided by DC’s decision to scrap film and reveals no one from studio told her 