Cher and her boyfriend Alexander Edwards couldn’t be more loved up if they tried. The Believe singer, 76, confirmed her romance with the 36-year-old music producer in November last year, immediately silencing critics of their 40-year age difference. At the time, the Strong Enough hitmaker said her other half treats her ‘like a queen’, assuring fans that she ‘wasn’t born yesterday’ when they suspected Alexander could be using her for money. And it seems their romance is rock solid, as they put on a loved-up display when arriving to a pre-Grammy party in LA. The pair held hands as they rocked up at Matsuhisa restaurant in Beverly Hills, both looking ultra fashionable. Music icon Cher opted for a black cami top with a monochrome jacket, keeping the ensemble sophisticated with a pair of grey slacks. With her beloved AE on one side, she carried her essentials in a black purse, unable to hide her smile as they made a stylish entrance at the sushi hotspot. Meanwhile, Alexander beamed as he strolled hand-in-hand with his lady, both sporting platinum blonde locks. Cher and Alexander first met at Paris Fashion Week in September last year. Soon enough, reports started swirling that the lovebirds were spending time together at Cher’s Malibu mansion – which she recently put up for sale for a cool $85million (£74m) – and it’s thought that they started dating two months later. The music icon hasn’t been shy in sharing her romance either, although admitted their big age gap is ‘strange on paper.’ Chatting to Kelly Clarkson on her chat show, Cher began: ‘Well, on paper it’s kind of ridiculous. ‘But in real life, we get along great. He’s fabulous and I don’t give men qualities that they don’t deserve.’ Singing her boyfriend’s praises, she added: ‘He’s very smart, he’s very talented and he’s really funny so – and I think he’s quite handsome. ‘If I hadn’t met younger men in my life, I would have never had a date, because older men just didn’t like me all that much, do you know what I mean?’ What’s more, the smitten couple have sparked engagement rumours, after sharing a picture of a sparkling ring on Christmas Day. Fans flocked to congratulate the Mamma Mia! actress, but Cher is yet to confirm or deny whether she’s due to walk down the aisle. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Underwear-clad Rita Ora turns heads in sexy ensemble she cuddles up to husband Taika Waititi at pre-Grammy bash in LA MORE : Tommy Lee’s wife Brittany Furlan hits back at ‘mean comments’ following Pamela Anderson’s Netflix documentary  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 