Wizz Air has been named the worst short-haul airline by UK passengers, according to a new survey. The budget airline’s overall customer score of 48% put it at the bottom of the ranking by consumer group Which? Ryanair (52%) and Eurowings (53%) followed not far behind, while British Airways (56%) came in fourth. Meanwhile, Jet2.com impressed travellers and came in with the highest score (80%) in the research, ahead of Turkish Airlines (78%). The travel editor of Which? has advised people to ‘avoid Wizz Air, as its poor record on customer care means you’re likely to be left high and dry in the event your flight is delayed or cancelled’. But a Wizz Air spokesperson has defended the airline, saying they do ‘everything possible’ to ensure passengers are happy. Meanwhile, a Ryanair spokesperson has blasted the results as ‘just more fake news from yet another fake survey’.  More than 8,046 people were asked about their experience of flying in the past two years by Which? Customer scores for airlines were calculated from a combination of people’s overall satisfaction and their likelihood to recommend. Those asked collectively gave Wizz Air one star out of five for boarding experience, cabin environment and seat comfort. The Hungary-based carrier’s seat pitch – the difference between two rows in standard economy – is 28 inches, some two inches smaller than rival Ryanair. No more than two stars were awarded in any of the remaining categories, including value for money and cleanliness. In December, the Civil Aviation Authority warned it has ‘significant concerns’ about Wizz Air’s ‘unacceptable’ behaviour as its passengers were far more likely to make escalated complaints than those of other carriers. The regulator also found that the airline was delaying paying money owed to passengers. Ryanair received one star for boarding experience, seat comfort, food and drink and cabin environment. Customers did report more favourably on both customer service and the value for money offered, awarding three stars in each of these categories. The results emerge following a nightmare year in which thousands of flights were disrupted, as staff shortages sparked huge queues at airports. Travellers have had a torrid time, with last-minute delays and cancellations an unacceptably common occurrence, Which? Travel editor Rory Boland said. ‘While airlines like Jet2.com have distinguished themselves by offering flyers excellent customer care and a reliable service, too many of their competitors continually fail to measure up’, he added. A Wizz Air spokesman said: ‘At Wizz Air, we do everything possible to ensure that passengers reach their destination on time and with minimal delay. ‘Wizz Air operates a fleet of brand new, state-of-the-art Airbus aircraft, with an average age of 4.6 years, which offer passengers comfort, space and modern interiors. ‘The A321neo features the widest single-aisle cabin configuration with 239 18-inch-wide seats. ‘Every aircraft is cleaned after each flight and deep cleaned every night.’ The statement from Ryanair said: ‘This is just more fake news from yet another fake survey by Which?, who repeatedly make false claims about Ryanair – the UK’s most reliable and low-fare airline.’ Meanwhile, a British Airways spokesperson said the company ‘doesn’t feel this small survey, conducted during one of the most challenging periods in global aviation, accurately represents the views of the tens of millions of customers who’ve chosen to fly with us over the same period’. ‘While we don’t claim to get everything right every time, we continue to be recognised for the service we offer’, they said. Eurowings has been contacted for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.