The cap on the amount households pay on electricity and gas bills will fall by £1,000 from April 1. Ofgem has today lowered the average amount suppliers are allowed to charge to £3,280, a notable drop from the current £4,279 per year. Customers using a lot of energy will still have higher bills, but this reflects typical usage levels. The regulator said the new cap is a result of the recent falls in wholesale energy prices. Those hit the worst by the cost of living crisis may be hoping this is light at the end of a tunnel. But domestic energy bills are still set to rise by an average of £500 a year despite the reduction. As the government is becoming less generous with support from the beginning of April, bills will go up by about 20%. This will likely lead to annual energy bills of no less than £3,000. The £3,280 figure indicates how much those on their energy suppliers’ basic tariff would pay if the Energy Price Guarantee (EPG) was not in place. When the upcoming end of the scheme – paid in six instalments of £66 and £67 a month – is factored in, the energy cost for households will increase even more. Unite general secretary Sharon Graham said Ofgem’s latest manoeuvres ‘do next to nothing’ to ease the pressure on people already haunted by the arrival of their fuel bills. She said: ‘This out-of-touch Government is clearly preparing to pull the plug on protecting consumers and is totally abdicating any responsibility for dealing with the runaway profiteering of energy companies. ‘A matter of days ago, Centrica/British Gas announced its 2022 profits had trebled to more than £3 billion. ‘This year, it is planning a £500 million share buyback for a bonanza pay out for its shareholders. ‘The British economy is broken for workers – different choices need to be made.’ Ofgem chief executive Jonathan Brearley acknowledged this is ‘deeply concerning’ for some households. ‘Although wholesale prices have fallen, the price cap has not yet fallen below the planned level of the Energy Price Guarantee,’ he said. ‘This means that on current policy bills will rise again in April. ‘But today’s announcement reflects the fundamental shift in the cost of wholesale energy for the first time since the gas crisis began. ‘While it won’t make an immediate difference to consumers, it is a sign that some of the immense pressure we have seen in the energy markets over the last year and a half may be starting to ease. ‘If the reduction in wholesale prices we’re currently seeing continues, the signs are positive that the price cap will fall again in the summer, potentially bringing bills significantly lower.’ Mr Brearley stressed that prices are ‘unlikely’ to fall back to what they were before the energy crisis. He added: ‘With bills continuing to be so high, there is a case for examining with urgency the feasibility of a social tariff for customers in the most vulnerable situations.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.