Pamela Anderson is keeping her head held high and maintaining a positive mindset, despite the trauma she has endured. The former Baywatch star, 55, recently released her memoir, Love, Pamela, and Netflix documentary, Pamela: A Love Story, in which she told her story for the very first time. Pamela has been the talk of the tabloids for decades, whether that be due to her high-profile career, her former relationships – which include five ex-husbands – or personal woes such as her sex tape leak. But after encouragement from her children, the actress felt inspired to take back control of the narrative, following 30 years of salacious gossip and tales. And it seems Pamela doesn’t hold any grudges, as she opened up in her first UK interview about her current outlook on life. Chatting to Alex Jones on The One Show, the Welsh host told Pamela that she felt ‘cross’ watching old interviews of her, as she felt journalists were ‘crossing the line’ by asking intrusive questions about her body. ‘Did you feel, at the time, that they’d crossed a line?’, Pamela was asked. She responded: ‘At the time, I was just trying to get through it. Every day was something new. ‘I wasn’t born into this industry, I came from a very small town, my first plane ride was to America, and I didn’t know what to expect. So, I just thought, this is how it is, and I’ve just got to get through it and be strong, and smile my way through a lot of the awkward times and a lot of the difficult times. ‘Looking back as an adult, because I still felt like I was a kid back then, even as my childhood as an adult, has been a really interesting experience. But I’m glad things have changed.’ She continued: ‘But I’m not complaining. I don’t feel like a victim. I had such great opportunities. I just had to be strong and I had to be wise and keep myself safe, and that’s what I encourage in my book, too. ‘I’m just letting people know that you can get through all these things and paint the picture of your own life, and happiness is a choice, and we can be brave and fall in love, again and again, and just always be in love with love. ‘There’s no reason to be bitter or sad, because then, sometimes, the perpetrators win.’ Looking to the future, Pamela went on to discuss what is next for her career, but admitted she’s just taking each day as it comes. After playing Roxy in Chicago, she was quizzed on whether she’d go back to Broadway after receiving praise from fans. ‘I’m thinking about it. I mean, right now, I’m just, kind of, living in the mystery and seeing what happens. ‘This is kind of my hail Mary. Full disclosure, this is my life! This is my book, this is my documentary, I’ve been able to be on Broadway and sing and dance, and I don’t know what’s next!’ She added that she’s even assured her sons to not worry so much about ‘what’s next,’ as Brandon, 26, and Dylan, 25, whom she shares with ex-husband Tommy Lee, are very protective over her. ‘There’s always something great around the corner,’ Pamela assures. ‘I kind of like not knowing.’ The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Pamela Anderson’s memoir is out now, Pamela: A Love Story is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tommy Lee’s wife Brittany Furlan hits back at ‘mean comments’ following Pamela Anderson’s Netflix documentary MORE : Pamela Anderson ‘hopes she’ll get married again’ after recent divorce from fifth husband: ‘I still have a lot of life left’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 