This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. If you love Paris, this Eiffel Tower vibrator will make you very happy indeed. Frenchie, the company behind this new sex toy, say: ‘You don’t need to go to Paris to climb the Eiffel Tower’, and here it is. If you’re in the mood to get wet and wild, this one is waterproof up to one metre. We’re witnessing a rise is ‘spathrooms’, people want to enjoy that luxurious spa-feel at home, so is it any surprise that this includes self-pleasure too to take relaxation to a whole new realm? Of course, sex toys don’t have to be used solo, they’re also fun to use as a couple. And waterproof ones can be used anywhere with the bath or shower now, evidently, no longer off-limits. We don’t know any baths that are a metre deep (maybe they’re for the stinking rich?), but if you want to take this toy in the bath, pool, or shower, you can. As long as you’re safe to do so, of course. The Petit Eiffel, granted, doesn’t look too much like its namesake, but is available in a pastel pink or blue, and has a powerful mini vibrator made from super-soft silicone with seven speeds and modes. It also has a pinpoint flutter tip for targeted clitoral stimulation. No one and done, its battery lasts for two hours, which is the longest-lasting partner you’ll ever have, let’s be honest, and it’s also super quiet so you can be confident a buzzing motor won’t kill your vibe. One reviewer dubbed the Petit Eiffel the ‘Goldilocks of vibrators’, as they said: ‘​​It’s one of my new favourite vibrators. ‘It’s beautiful on the bedside table, and the pointed end gives just the right amount of stimulation. It’s not too much; not too little, even though it’s petite. I will be adding this to my favourite toys list of 2023.’ If you want to get one for yourself or as a gift for £51.00 (Valentine’s Day is just around the corner), then click right here. MORE : ‘My confidence has grown so much’: Impressive before and after photos show dramatic difference after using ‘amazing’ retinol kit