Lorraine Kelly has torn into Brooklyn Beckham’s wedding with Nicola Peltz after tumultuous details of the planning that went into their nuptials have emerged, branding it ‘utterly joyless’. Last year, Brooklyn, 23, the eldest child of David Beckham and Victoria Beckham, married heiress and actress Nicola, 28, in a lavish, star-studded ceremony. While from the outside, it looked luxurious to the max, behind the scenes, it appears that there was discord between the Peltz family and the wedding planners. Nicola’s father, billionaire businessman Nelson Peltz, 80, filed a lawsuit against wedding planners Nicole Braghin and Arianna Grijalba, claiming that they refused to return a $159,000 (£139,975) deposit after they were fired. On Tuesday’s Lorraine, entertainment editor Lucie Cave spoke to Lorraine Kelly about the alleged goings-on of the court case, explaining that there was ‘complete drama and chaos behind the scenes’. Lucie outlined that the wedding planners filed a counterclaim after Nelson filed his lawsuit, who is said to have believed that the planners ‘didn’t do their job properly’. It’s been claimed that Nicola allegedly spent £85,000 on her hair and make-up, and her mum, model Claudia Heffner, begged the planners not to tell the bride’s father. A WhatsApp message allegedly sent by Nicola to the planners complained about roses not being ‘white’ enough for the wedding, while she also apparently claimed that she ‘didn’t trust’ her groom-to-be with the Beckhams’ side of the guestlist. In another message allegedly sent from Nicola to Brooklyn, she reportedly found her partner’s suggestion for burgers named after them both ‘embarrassing’. Reacting to all of the supposed revelations concerning the wedding, Lorraine, 63, remarked: ‘Can I just say, that sounds like the most utterly joyless wedding, devoid of fun and happiness and all of that. ‘How silly that it’s ended up in a courtroom. Whoever wants their private stuff to be there? And it’s their own blinking faults.’ Yesterday’s Brooklyn’s Beckham brother Cruz celebrated his 18th birthday, during which he enjoyed his first legal alcoholic drink with his dad. In a message posted on her Instagram Story about her brother-in-law, Nicola wrote: ‘Happy birthday @cruzbeckham. Remember when we had the same hair? Haha! Love and miss you so much! Can’t wait to see you so soon and celebrate!’ On Valentine’s Day, she shared a snap of Brooklyn treating her to a huge heart made out of roses first thing in the morning, writing in the caption: ‘Happy Valentine’s Day! Best way to wake up everrr ❤️❤️❤️ I love you so much baby!! I’m so lucky I get you forever!’ Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Victoria and David Beckham whisk kids Harper and Cruz off on skiing trip MORE : Brooklyn Beckham pokes fun at memes about ever-changing career as he plays in friendly football match while wife Nicola cheers him on 