This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Foundation is difficult enough to get right, and finding one that works with mature skin is even harder. Power foundation is usually a big no go. It’s notorious for settling into fine lines and leaving a drying finish on skin that is already a little dehydrated. But now, TikTok has introduced us to a hero-product that users say makes ‘skin age backwards.’ And don’t go thinking you’ll have to go to the most luxurious, high-end beauty counters to get it. The foundation in question is the Maybelline SuperStay 24H Hybrid Powder Foundation, which retails for just £12 at Boots. The medium-full coverage foundation is a powder that glides on smoothly, like a cream. It promises to be transfer, water and sweat resistant, and while it’s a matte finish there should be or caking or patchiness in sight. While makeup lovers online were quick to sing the praises of this bargain foundation, ever since well-known beauty influencer, Mikayla Nogueira posted her rave review, others wanted to be sure it worked for all skin ages. And, it appears to have passed the test. Dana Lajeunesse, 46, shared a review with her 260.8k followers. ‘Powder can be the devil [for skin] over 40, even over 35,’ she said in a video. It turned out, this is the exception. Dana, an MUA with 27 years experience was instantly impressed with the Maybelline hybrid, saying ‘what the hell’ as she applied the product. Eight hours later she did a check-up video and while there was some settling into fine lines, it was a good review. She said: ‘The foundation is very lightweight. It feels like I have nothing on my skin. It doesn’t feel dry to the touch I feel moisturised still, it’s ridiculous. ‘This does not feel like a powder foundation.’ Creator Kate Spader also tried it out and was equally impressed The 43-year-old was pretty adamant that she wouldn’t like the product, and expected it to settle into what she described as her deep forehead wrinkles. But she ended up ‘eating her words’. ‘I have every plan to keep wearing this because are you kidding me right now? Do you see how skin looks? What the actual heck? ‘I did not plan to love a powder foundation… this looks filtered. ‘I am so happy with how this wore today.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Fun makeup to get you out of a winter beauty rut MORE : How to apply concealer flawlessly like a makeup artist MORE : The best skincare for prepping your face before makeup