This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Luther is set to return to our screens, but this time, we’re getting a full film. And yes, we’re excited too. Luther: The Fallen Sun had screenings in a limited number of cinemas on Friday February 24, but most of us will need to wait until it drops on Netflix on March 10 to see Idris Elba back as DCI John Luther. Can’t wait until then? For those who love a good ‘who dun it’, we’ve rounded up a range of crime books we suspect you’ll love if you adore the show. Leonora Nattrass brings us a historical crime novel that will have you hooked from start to finish. Set in 1795, protagonist and accidental detective, Laurence Jago finds himself trapped aboard a mail ship with a murderer. He’s assisting a civil servant in the delivery of a vital treaty, but when the civil servant meets an untimely end and the treaty goes astray, solving the crimes fall to Laurence before he himself becomes a victim. Get it here for £8.49 in paperback and on Audible here. Jane Harper’s novel is a number one international bestseller for a reason. This thriller set in South Australian wine country follows the mystery of a missing mother in a small tight-knit community, leaving her baby alone. A year on federal investigator Aaron Falk enters the community and begins to uncover the dark truth. The tight-knit community has rifts so deep no one could have imagined. Get it here for £9 in hardcover and from Audible here. Stacy Willingham’s story begins 364 days after a mother’s son goes missing. With so much time having gone by she enlists the help of a true crime podcaster in an attempt to uncover the truth about what happened to her missing boy. Everyone else has given up on her child but she won’t rest until she knows. Get it here in paperback for £7.91 and on Audible here. The Mercury Theatre in London’s West End is the stage for this thriller. Laura Purcell’s tale follows lead actress Lilith who is suspected to have made a pact with Melpomene, the tragic muse of Greek mythology, to become the greatest actress to ever grace the stage. On stage Lilith appears possessed by the characters that she plays and as strange happenings begin to take place around the theatre and people begin to believe the rumours. Will Lilith have to pay a price and will the cost be too steep? Get it here in hardcover for £12.46 and on Audible here. Every good book run-down needs a classic title and who is more iconic in the crime space than Agatha Christie? One of her most well-known books Murder on the Orient Express has it’s readers in a chokehold for a good reason. An American tycoon is found dead in his cabin, stabbed a dozen times and it’s up to Poirot to solve the murder. Get it here in paperback for £6.99 and on Audible here. Lynda La Plante tells the story of an elderly widow who claims she is being stalked. Detective Jack Warr is the only one willing to take a look at the case and soon uncovers a web of crime concerning international drug dealers and murder. So who is this stalker and what does he want? Get it here for £9.49 on hardcover and on Audible here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A Day of Fallen Night: Samantha Shannon’s latest book is redefining the ‘strong female character’ MORE : We need a Women’s Prize for Non-Fiction, these books prove it MORE : From rom-coms to thrillers – seven books to read in 2023