Tom Grennan has publicly apologised for comments he made about Ellie Goulding’s breasts during Saturday night’s Brit Awards. The pair appeared together on stage at the star-studded ceremony in London to co-present the award for best new artist, which was won by Wet Leg. However, before announcing the winner, Tom, 27, commented on 36-year-old Ellie’s corset – which featured an armoured pair of breasts. ‘I love what you’re doing – they’re your real boobs?’ Tom quipped, sparking criticism from viewers. However, both have now issued statements on social media, with Ellie writing on Sunday: ‘A word on Brit/ t*t gate … I was wearing a beautiful breastplate, thank you all for appreciating it. ‘My friend Tom Grennan is 100% an ally and we were having a bit of fun. No offence taken, no harm intended- and no other interpretations necessary.’ Reposting the Burn crooner’s comments, Tom added: ‘Love ya @elliegoulding What started as a joke between Ellie and I before we went on stage came out all wrong. ‘The nerves got the better of us, but that does not excuse what was said, and I sincerely apologise to anyone who was offended that’s not me at all, and I am sorry.’ While both musicians directly addressed the remarks on Sunday, doting mum Ellie made it clear on Saturday night that there were no hard feelings between her and Tom, posting a snap of herself and the This Is The Place singer hugging at the bash. Many branded Tom’s remark ‘inappropriate’, with one commenting on Twitter: ‘Totally insulting inappropriate comments #TomGrennan #Brits2023 @SonyMusicUK [sic].’ Another wrote: ‘He definitely put himself in an uncomfortable place with Ellie Goulding just now [sic]’. One other said: ‘Tom Grennan thinking it was appropriate to ask Ellie Goulding if they were her real boobs, on the Brits stage, just gave me the quickest ick in a while. Like instantaneous sick in my mouth.’ During the interaction, Ellie didn’t gloss over Tom’s question about her breasts, and replied: ‘No, these are not mine. I wish, mine are a lot further apart, sadly. I wish.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Maya Jama and Laura Whitmore deny claims they ‘ignored’ one another during Brit Awards: ‘Stop trying to put women against each other’ MORE : John Lydon found it ‘disturbing’ leaving Alzheimer’s-stricken wife for Eurovision audition: ‘It’s a rock and a hard place’ 