Kelis and her children escaped death after they ‘almost fell off a cliff’. The Caught Out There singer, 32, is a mum to three kids but it was not clear which children were involved in the potentially fatal accident during California’s weekend snowstorm on Sunday. In footage uploaded to Instagram, the singer detailed the terrifying accident and gave fans an update on her condition. She said in her clip – which showed her vehicle dangling over a precipice: ‘My truck got stuck… it’s like hanging.’ Adding about how they were rescued, she went on: ‘Praise God the tow truck actually made it. ‘We’ve been outside for a while.’ While showing off the snowboarding gear she was wearing, which Kelis – real name Kelis Rogers – called ‘ridiculous fashion’, she added: ‘I’m wearing layers to keep warm. I’ve got my light on, thank God, because it’s pitch black out here. ‘Silver boots… a little reflective action. Things could be worse.’ Kelis added in a caption on the video that she had planned to take her kids to experience snow in California’s first blizzard storm since 1989, despite warnings not to venture out. Friends and fans of the star rushed to the comment section to share their horror at the ordeal. One penned: ‘Kelis I’m happy to here you and your family are are safe. Now stay in the house out of that snow! [sis].’ Another typed: ‘Truck got stuck girl it look like u almost died out there boo [sic]’. ‘Glad you are all safe Glad you look Fab [sic],’ a fan noted. The mum-of-three had son Knight, now 13, in 2009 with ex-husband Nas, 49, and welcomed another boy, Shepherd, seven, with her second husband Mike Mora, who she married in 2014, along with a daughter, Galilee, two. The A-lister said it was ‘freaking awful’ when singer Mike, 37, died in March last year after he lost a battle with stage four stomach cancer. She opened up about his death in a statement last September: ‘It wasn’t something that was sudden. ‘We were able to prepare, and love, and say goodbye. It’s freaking awful, but I am grateful.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kelis claims song sample by Beyonce on Renaissance was ‘theft’ and takes aim at Pharrell Williams MORE : Kelis’ husband Mike Mora dies aged 37 following stomach cancer battle  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 