A Tube driver was suspended after it emerged he fell asleep at the controls of a train. The unnamed driver nodded off at 12.40am last March, causing the train to pass through a red light at Ickenham station. The train overran the platform at the north west London train on the Metropolitan Line by 150ft, according to a Freedom of Information request. It only came to a stop when the emergency braking system kicked in, according to the Evening Standard, and the driver was relieved of his duties while an investigation took place. The FoI request also revealed that seven Tube drivers had contacted Transport for London’s safety officers saying they had felt overwhelming exhaustion and started falling asleep while working. Finn Brennan from the Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemen (Aslef), said the union has been pushing for years to make sure improvements are made. He said: ‘Drivers work a punishing shift system that often means getting up at 3.30am, or earlier, to travel to work one week and not finishing until after 1.30am the next. ‘Our health and safety reps have worked hard to get management to recognise the extent of the problem and make changes to policies. ‘Shift workers can often be prevented from sleeping when off duty by things outside their control such as building work or noise in the neighbourhood.’ He also claimed that the Underground network is trying to ‘cut drivers’ breaks under the guise of improving productivity’, something TfL has denied. A TfL spokesperson said: ‘These reports show our colleagues are aware of the risks and feel they will be supported if they report it. ‘It also helps us improve our work to manage fatigue.’ Lilli Matson, Chief Safety, Health and Environment Officer said: ‘Safety remains our top priority and we continually strive to ensure that our customers are safe when travelling on our network. ‘We have adopted a pan-TfL approach to managing fatigue that brings together the experience of our bus, tram, rail and London Underground teams in a unified approach to better understanding and managing fatigue. ‘We actively encourage our colleagues to tell us about incidents of fatigue so we can work to address them. ‘These reports shows our colleagues are aware of the risks and feel they will be supported if they report it. It also helps us improve our work to manage fatigue.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.