When Tricia Dearnley, 55, went through the very thing no parent is prepared for – losing her son – she turned to knitting to help with the grief. She knits handmade toys – such as dogs, cats, and teddy bears, and at Christmas made an elf and a gingerbread man – then sells them at her church to raise money for CRY (Cardiac Risk In The Young) – the condition that killed her son, Adam. The mother, based near Nottingham, credits knitting with helping her through ‘hard times’. Adam died last February at just 26 years old. Tricia says: ‘Adam was a gentle, caring and family-orientated man. ‘He had a big heart. And a perfectly healthy heart, or so I thought. ‘But he went to work one day – he loved the outdoors and was a Customer Service Advisor for an outdoor leisure firm – and he collapsed when he was sat at his desk. It was all so sudden. ‘It was at the end of his working day about half an hour before he was due to finish. He was 20 minutes late and I turned to my husband and I told him I was worried. ‘The next thing the police knocked on the door. We knew something awful had happened. It was sheer disbelief at first. I thought “no – you’re wrong”. It took a while for it to sink in what they were saying.’ A coroner recently told the family that Adam died from SADS (Sudden Adult Death Syndrome), when someone dies suddenly and unexpectedly from a cardiac arrest, but the cause of the cardiac arrest can’t be found. ‘It’s very painful for us – we’ve got the answer of what caused his death but we actually don’t have answers at the same time,’ she adds. ‘It has been a tough year since losing Adam, but knitting has, in a way, helped me cope with my grief. ‘Knitting is something to focus the mind on and think about, which helps me relax and stay in the present instead of thinking about Adam.’ Knitting was in Tricia’s family, having been taught as a child by her mum Ann Archer. However, it wasn’t until five years ago that Tricia began knitting more regularly after joining a club, called the Woolly Wednesdays. This year, the popular Big Knit campaign – which is run by drinks brand Innocent and sees members of the public knit little hats for their drink caps – turns 20. To mark the anniversary, Tricia has contributed a giant 23ft tall knitted hat for the brand. Since 2003, the annual charity effort by Innocent has raised £3million for Age UK, supporting older people living in poverty and struggling with loneliness. Tricia says: ‘It’s so exciting to be with so many people who share the passion of knitting. ‘We always like getting together and having a good knit and a natter. ‘It’s such a good way to keep you busy and to relax your mind – I would recommend it to anyone. ‘I couldn’t live without my local knitting group.’ Proving that knitting is a hobby for all ages is 30-year-old Amy Mann, a student nurse in York. ‘I only started knitting just under a year ago,’ she says. ‘My grandma, Kathleen Lawrence, who I knew as mama, died about 10 months ago. ‘She was 77 and had gone in for a routine operation for a hiatus hernia, but she got sepsis and we lost her. ‘She was like my second mum, as she really looked after me as my mum had me when she was only 17. When she died, a part of me died with her.’ Kathleen tried to teach Amy to knit when she was younger, but she says it was ‘beyond her’, even though she’s always been a confident sewer. ‘About four days after mama died, my mum sat down with me one night, and said “Amy, knitting is really good for easing my head.”‘ And so, she began knitting until she ‘got it’. Now she knits blankets for patients in end-of-life care, using a 13 by 13 pattern, which Kathleen previously used. She says: ‘Now I have carried on her legacy, and I knit blankets for other patients in end-of-life care. ‘No one should die under a standard blue hospital blanket. I can’t imagine anything worse. ‘Kathleen’s legacy is a hug in a blanket. The idea is that if you have nothing or nobody to hold your hand while you die, you are wrapped and warm in a Kathleen’s Legacy blanket.’ Her uplifting outlook has not only helped her mental health, calling knitting ‘relief for the head’, but helped improve the final days of 60 elderly patients (and counting). This year, Innocent’s charity effort is in aid of the cost-of-living crisis, and in Amy’s experience working in a hospital, ‘a lot of older people are so proud, they won’t admit that they are skint, and they can’t afford to eat.’ Seeing this has been ‘scary’ and made her even more determined to take part in the Big Knit. Bridget Harris, a 62-year-old public health advice worker from London, also knits for the greater good of others. Though she picked up the habit in her youth, it was only in 2019 that she started to knit for social change. She remembers: ‘I was helping out at a lunch club for the homeless and when I saw the men and women coming in for a hot meal, I could see how many of them didn’t have any warm clothes on them. ‘It made me feel awful – they had nothing, not even warm clothes on their back. ‘I so badly wanted to make a difference so I printed out some flyers asking for volunteers to help me knit some warm clothing, and I handed them out around Hammersmith and Fulham, my local area, and a knitting club was born. ‘We called ourselves The Purls.UK, like the knitting stitch and we worked with four local homeless organisations, to donate hundreds of warm items.’ She’s also knitted for Peabody Housing Association, with her club creating 100 items for premature babies in 2020, as it can be hard to find clothes for their small size. The group has also knitted for sick teenagers at the Teenage Cancer Trust, and made ‘twiddle kits’ for dementia patients, to help occupy their minds giving them something to fiddle with. ‘At my last count, we’ve now made and donated 2,378 knitted items to people who need them most,’ she adds. ‘I love knitting – it feels like it’s helped me find my purpose. It has all kinds of mental and physical benefits. ‘I have friends who say the physicality of it helps keep their arthritis at bay, while others sing the praises of knitting for saving them from loneliness. ‘For me, the community aspect of knitting is my favourite. I’ve made life-long friends through knitting.’ Find out more about Innocent’s Big Knit and Age UK. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Tom Daley to offer up knitting tips in new book after making hobby cool again at Olympics MORE : Hospitals to treat elderly patients by video link to free up A&Es