A trial date has been set following the death of 16-year-old Brianna Ghey. The trans teenager, from Birchwood in Warrington in Cheshire, was found with fatal stab wounds on a path in Culcheth Linear Park shortly after 3pm on Saturday. A boy and girl, both aged 15, have been charged with her murder and appeared via videolink at Liverpool Crown Court today. They appeared on separate videolinks from youth detention accommodation and were both accompanied by an adult. Both teenagers spoke only to confirm their names and dates of birth. The girl, from Warrington, and boy, from Leigh, cannot be named for legal reasons. A trial date for the pair has now been fixed for July. The girl’s parents and the boy’s mother were in the public gallery for the hearing, which lasted just under half an hour. Vigils in memory of Brianna, a transgender girl, have been held across the country, with more planned over the weekend, including in her home town of Warrington. Her family have been ‘overwhelmed’ by the ‘support, positivity and compassion’ from across the country, police have said. Detective Chief Inspector Adam Waller added that officers had been inundated with information. He said: ‘I know that the family have also been overwhelmed by the messages of support, positivity and the compassion across the country and beyond – and the thoughts of everyone at the constabulary remain firmly with them.’ Judge David Aubrey KC fixed a trial date for July 10, with the case expected to last about three weeks. He remanded them both into youth detention accommodation ahead of a plea and trial preparation hearing on May 2. The trial date comes as seven broadcasters will hold a one-minute silence in memory of the transgender teenager. Gaydio, Hits Radio Pride, Pride Radio, Gorgeous Radio, Glitterbeam Radio, Trans Radio UK, and Juice 1038 will commemorate the 16-year-old, from Cheshire, at 11am on Friday (February 17). Before the silence, all the stations will simultaneously run a radio segment about the issue of discrimination and violence in the trans community, by trans broadcaster and Hits Radio DJ Stephanie Hirst. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.