Alec Baldwin and other Rust film producers are reportedly being sued by several crew members who claim they are suffering from PTSD. The actor, 64, is facing charges of involuntary manslaughter after a prop gun he was holding discharged and shot cinematographer Halyna Hutchins, a mother of one, in 2021. Amid an investigation into the incident, Baldwin was charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter, to which he is reported to have pleaded not guilty. Baldwin has always maintained that he was not aware that the gun had a live round, and that he did not intend to shoot Hutchins; the production’s armourer, Hannah Guttierez-Reed, is facing the same charges. Now Baldwin and the Rust production are seemingly being sued by three former crew members who claim they witnessed the shooting, which could have been avoidable and which gave them PTSD. The three crew members say they had to assist after Hutchins was shot, which left them traumatised; they are now suing for negligence and intentional infliction of emotional distress, and claiming damages in response. TMZ reports that crew members Ross Addiego, Doran Curtin and Reese Price – the dolly operator, set costumer and key grip on the film respectively – have filed court documents claiming safety protocols were ignored by the people at the top and led to Hutchins’ death. These ignored safety protocols include the producers using ‘operable firearms’ ass props rather than the likes of replicas or special effects, and producers reportedly not properly investigating previous accidental discharges. Gutierrez-Reed did not have the experience required to be hired for such a job, and Baldwin continued with the production despite corners being cut when it came to safety protocols, the documents allege. They also claim that the armorer told director Dave Halls that she didn’t have time to check the gun before the scene began filing, however the director told Baldwin it was ‘cold’ – i.e. did not contain a live round. Baldwin also did not check the gun and declared it was cold, the documents allege. The new update comes after the production company behind Rust agreed to pay a fine of $100,000 (£83,711) to the New Mexico Environment Department’s Occupational Health and Safety Bureau (OHSB) following the fatal shooting. The bureau previously issued a fine of $136,793 (£104,810) to the production company last April, the maximum allowable by state law in New Mexico. Under the settlement, which is pending approval, the bureau downgraded its claim from ‘wilful-serious’ to a ‘serious’ violation. Baldwin, meanwhile, will next face a preliminary hearing at a date yet to be set, which will determine whether or not the case will go to trial. He was first charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter by the Santa Fe District Attorney’s office in January. Then, earlier this month, the actor succesfully sought to have one of the charges thrown out by a US court. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Alec for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alec Baldwin ‘pleads not guilty to involuntary manslaughter charges’ over Rust shooting MORE : Ireland Baldwin showered with praise as she shares nude baby bump photo  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 