People in South Wales were abruptly woken last night as a 4.6 earthquake shook houses. Locals compared the eerie sound to ‘rumbling’ while others compared the noise to an oncoming car. It is thought to have measured between 3.8 and 4.2 on the magnitude scale. The quake was first reported just before midnight. Cath Willcox, from Cwm in Blaenau Gwent, told Sky News: ’I felt the earthquake and was really concerned. It made our house shake, it was loud and the rumbling from it was clearly felt. ‘We’re four to five miles from the epicentre of the earthquake.’ She added: ‘The village is in Cwm Ebbw Vale. An old mining village used to lots of action in the height of coal mining. This is not a wake up call we wanted.’ The epicentre of the earthquake was around 12km from Abertillery at a depth of around 2km – which is said to be ‘very shallow’. Many had taken to social media to share their confusion. Aysia Bibi wrote: ‘Earthquake in wales!! Just shook me out of bed.’ The Time for Geography account added: ‘We had an earthquake last night in south Wales. Our team in Cardiff were woken by the shaking. Did anyone else feel it?’ Yesterday, a similarly small quake was felt in Cornwall. A number of residents living between Redruth and Mabe reported feeling their house ‘shake’ at around 6.30am. It has been confirmed by VolcanoDiscovery that the earthquake happened around 9.3km south of Redruth at 6.31am. Although its magnitude is said to be ‘unknown’, the depth of the earthquake was 10km and the strength of the shaking was described as ‘very weak’. One resident said: ‘I heard a rumble and thought it was thunder.’ A fourth said: “It sounded like a great big truck was coming towards the house (even though we don’t live by a road) and it got louder then the house shook and it went away.” Another said: ‘I thought it was a large vehicle going past my house.’ The last recorded earthquake in Cornwall was at the end of October 2022. That earth tremor happened at around 6.42pm in Penpol, near Truro, on Tuesday, October 25, and had a magnitude of 0.5. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 