Many in the LGBTQ+ community are mourning the death of Brianna Ghey, a trans girl who was stabbed to death in Warrington. More than 30 vigils will be held across Britain in memory of the 16-year-old, who was found by members of the public in Linear Park, in Culcheth, on Saturday. Cheshire Police have confirmed they are investigating whether her killing was a hate crime, alongside other lines of inquiry. A boy and a girl, both aged 15, were arrested on suspicion of her murder, and detectives have been granted an extension of 30 hours to further question them Vigils have been planned planned for this evening in Liverpool and Bristol, with others expected over the comings days in Manchester, Glasgow and Leeds. Additional events are planned in Aberdeen, Reading, Plymouth, Brighton, Belfast and York. Activists also plan to gather outside the Department for Education in London on Wednesday to ‘hold the government responsible for their abhorrent attacks on trans youth to deliberately create trans-hostile environment’. Tributes to Brianna have been pouring in since her death, particularly from her followers on TikTok. Many have travelled to the spot where she was killed to leave flowers and cards for her. LGBTQ+ rights charity Stonewall tweeted: ‘Our thoughts are with Brianna Ghey, a young trans woman, and her loved ones. ‘We urge anyone who may have information which will help the police with their enquiries to come forward.’ It comes after friends of the teenager revealed she was bullied for years because of her gender identity. A number of MPs have paid tribute to Brianna, also highlighting the dangers the trans community in the country is facing. Labour MP for Nottingham East, Nadia Whittome, wrote on Twitter: ‘Brianna deserved a chance to become a beautiful adult woman, and to live to see a world where trans people are safe and respected. ‘Anyone in the media who is using her deadname and erasing Brianna’s identity should be ashamed of themselves.’ A GoFundMe set up to help her  family has also passed £71,000 just a day after it was set up. Her family described her as a ‘much-loved daughter, granddaughter, and baby sister’. A statement said: ‘She was a larger-than-life character who would leave a lasting impression on all that met her. ‘Brianna was beautiful, witty and hilarious. Brianna was strong, fearless and one of a kind. ‘The loss of her young life has left a massive hole in our family, and we know that the teachers and her friends who were involved in her life will feel the same.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.