Wrexham AFC owners Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney are set to play for the club in a special summer tournament. The Hollywood duo have been named in the club’s squad for a seven-a-side competition which will take place in the United States this summer. Deadpool star Reynolds and It’s Always Sunny In Philadelphia creator and actor McElhenney – who took over Wales’ oldest club in 2021 – will feature alongside Wrexham player-coach David Jones and a trio of the club’s former players. The competition is known as The Soccer Tournament and is held in Cary, North Carolina. It will take place from June 1 to June 4 with 32 teams competing for a $1m (£831,000) prize. There has been much media attention regarding Reynolds and McElhenney’s ownership of the club, who compete in the fifth-tier National League. Their team is currently second in the table – five points behinds leaders Notts County with two games in hand – as they attempt to win promotion to League Two in the English Football League (EFL) and climb up the pyramid. The non-league side recently enjoyed a run to the FA Cup fourth round, where they were beaten by Championship club Sheffield United after forcing a replay. Wrexham would have faced Tottenham in the fifth round had they got past Sheffield United but were beaten 3-1 after the first meeting ended 3-3. The Welsh club were branded as ‘disrespectful’ by Sheffield United striker Billy Sharp after the two clashes between the sides. ‘I think they’ve been disrespectful,’ Sharp said. ‘A few things before the game… thinking they were already through. I am glad we beat them.’ Meanwhile, fellow Hollywood star Hugh Jackman recently poked fun at Reynolds and McElhenney over their ownership of Wrexham. ‘Anyone can buy a Wrexham or Bournemouth,’ he said on Magic Radio. ‘That’s what I’ll do, I’ll buy a Liverpool or Man United. Man United is up for sale right?’ MORE : Wrexham skipper Ben Tozer hits back at Billy Sharp after Sheffield United's FA Cup win MORE : Ryan Reynolds and his Wrexham fairytale is a story with an all-too-familiar script 