Police searching for missing mum Nicola Bulley have warned ‘vigilante’ members of the public to not commit crimes even if they think it will help the hunt. In a press conference yesterday, Lancashire Constabulary said it ‘will not tolerate’ anyone who takes the law into their hands. The force warned anyone who had plans on trying to search through the derelict properties along the riverside – that officers have already looked at. It also told people not to direct online abuse at people connected to the investigation. Police, specialist search teams and friends and family of Ms Bulley have been searching for her over the last 11 days. The 45-year-old mum-of-two was last seen walking next to the River Wyre in St Michael’s on Wyre in Lancashire, on January 27. Police still believe she may have fallen into the river, despite a body not being found after searching the water on several occasions. CCTV images show Nicola loading up her car on the day she went missing, and were released by friends over claims police weren’t doing enough. Last night officers were said to be looking to speak to 700 drivers who they hoped might be able to help with enquiries. Superintendent Sally Riley said: ‘We will not tolerate online abuse of anyone, including innocent witnesses, members of the family and friends, of local businesses, or of criminal damage or burglary. We will be taking a strong line on that, as you would expect.’ Ms Riley told reporters: ‘There are some properties along the riverside which are empty or derelict. ‘Whilst it may be well intentioned that people think that that could be a line of inquiry, I would ask them to desist from doing that. ‘In some cases it may be criminal if they are breaking in and causing damage or committing a burglary.’ Supt Riley said officers have searched derelict riverside properties with the permission of owners. She added: ‘Because there is no criminal element yet identified, and we don’t expect there to be in this inquiry, then we’re not starting to go into houses because that’s not where the inquiry is leading us.’ Supt Riley also urged the public to avoid ‘distressing’ speculation about what might have happened to Ms Bulley. She added: ‘We would ask that people in the wider community, particularly on social media and online, do not speculate as to what may have happened to Nicola.’ ‘This is particularly hurtful to her family, to her children, to her partner Paul, to her parents, her sister and her friends because it is not helpful to them, it is distressing and it is distracting for the police inquiry. ‘Nor is it helpful if people, particularly if they have come from outside of the area, take it upon themselves to take the law into their own hands by trying to, for example, break into empty property. ‘They may mean well, they may want to help. But they can help in thinking back if they were in the area to what information they may have of relevance to the police and holding the family in their thoughts.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.