An angry crowd sparked a disturbance at the entrance to Gary Glitter’s halfway house on Sunday afternoon. At least five men turned up to the bail hostel where the paedophile former pop star is staying following his release from prison. One was heard shouting ‘watch out, Glitter’s in there’ at passers-by, while another tried to scale a fence at the entrance and rattled it while hurling abuse. Police were called to the scene by on-site security and dispersed the crowd, drawing loud protests from the group. One of the men reportedly yelled ‘he should be killed’, while another shouted ‘We don’t want him round here – it’s disgusting.’ No arrests were made. Glitter, 79, was freed from low-security HMP Verne, in Portland, on Friday after serving half of his 16-year sentence for sexually abusing three schoolgirls. Authorities say he is living under ‘some of the strictest licence conditions’ including a GPS tag and close monitoring by police and probation officers. A resident of the hostel who saw him arrive on Friday told The Sunday Mirror they had ‘seen him a few times but he’s having his meals brought to his room and has stayed there all day’. Lawyers for one of Glitter’s victims said his release was ‘particularly distressing and traumatic’. Richard Scorer of Slater and Gordon said: ‘The early release devalues her suffering and that of his other victims.’ The paedophile, whose real name is Paul Gadd, was at the height of his fame in the 70s when he preyed on girls who thought nobody would believe their complaints. Two of his victims, aged 12 and 13, were invited backstage to his dressing room, isolating them from their parents, when Glitter attacked them. The third was less than 10 years old when he crept into her bed and tried to rape her. His conviction in 2015 followed a two-and-a-half year spell in a Vietnamese prison starting in 2006 for abusing two other girls. He was previously expelled from Cambodia after being accused of sex crimes and was jailed for four months in 1999 after admitting to the possession of 4,000 child pornography images. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.