Madonna has paid tribute to her brother, Anthony Ciccone, after he died at the age of 66. Anthony, who was one of the Back That Up To The Beat singer’s seven siblings, is said to have died on Friday night, with his brother-in-law announcing the news. Taking to Instagram, the music icon shared a stunning black-and-white throwback of the pair at a packed table during an evening out. Alongside the snap, the 64-year-old thanked her sibling for introducing her to so many life-changing people and ideas. ‘Thank you for blowing my mind as a young girl and introducing me to Charlie Parker, Miles David, Buddhism, Taoism, Charles Bukowski, Richard Brautigan, Jack Kerouac, expansive thinking, outside the box. ‘You planted many important seeds.’ Madonna grew up with Anthony and their six other siblings, Martin, Paula, Melanie, Christopher, Jennifer and Mario. He was the eldest child of the singer’s parents, Tony and Madonna Ciccone. Anthony is thought to have struggled with personal issues for several years, including alcoholism. In 2017, it was reported that he had completed a rehab program and reconnected with his family. Joe Henry, who is married to Madonna’s sister, Melanie, confirmed their loss on social media over the weekend. Alongside a throwback black-and-white photo of Anthony, he wrote: ‘My brother-in-law, Anthony Gerard Ciccone, exited this earthly plane last evening. I’ve known him since I was 15, in the spring of our lives in Michigan so many years now gone. ‘As brother Dave Henry (who took this photograph) notes here, Anthony was a complex character; and god knows: we tangled in moments, as true brothers can. But I loved him, and understood him better than I was sometimes willing to let on. ‘But trouble fades; and family remains— with hands reached across the table. Farewell, then, brother Anthony. I want to think the god your blessed mother (and mine) believed in has her there, waiting to receive you.’ Joe concluded the post: ‘At least for today, no one shall dissuade me from this vision.’ Goodfellas actress Debi Mazar was among those paying tribute to Anthony following the news. ‘I have such fond memories of time spent with Anthony back in the late 80’s,’ she penned at the time. ‘A real Renaissance Man. ‘Full of prose, lover of literature, his Italian Heritage, good wine & cooking. He would drive his 1960’s Cadillac over to my Brooklyn apartment in a snow storm, bring a pot of his freshly prepared Ragu, and all the fixin’s, and we would cook & laugh and talk all night. ‘I had a looming ex boyfriend always hovering in that period, so Anthony & I remained just friends. He was someone I respected and thought to be a brilliant mind. He nurtured my young soul. I will always choose to remember his kindness & smile. ‘My condolences to his entire family. He was very much loved [sic].’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gary Lineker’s lawyers argue HMRC ‘looking in wrong place’ over £4,900,000 tax bill battle MORE : Adam Lambert hails Madonna his ‘hero’: ‘She isn’t afraid to ruffle feathers’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 