Love Island star Claudia Fogarty has revealed what her famous dad Carl Fogarty thinks of her love life after becoming the latest newcomer to enter the villa. Last night, the 28-year-old made a dramatic entrance during the heart-race challenge, bounding towards the firepit to perform raunchy lap dances for the boys before she’d even had a chance to chat to them for the first time. As the islanders were getting ready for bed, Casey O’Gorman confessed that he actually knew who she was, as he recognised her from Instagram. Making his relevation to Tom Clare and Samie Elishi minutes before hitting the hay, he said: ‘The new girl… I recognised her, on Instagram. Her dad won I’m A Celeb, I think. Carl Fogarty.’ The next day, Claudia announced that she wanted to take Tom and Casey on dates. As she sat down with Tom as her first date, he admitted that he was aware of who her famous dad was – racing legend and former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! winner Carl. ‘Is your dad Carl Fogarty?’ Tom asked, as Claudia replied: ‘Yeah he is, how did you know that?’ ‘Me and Casey kind of put two and two together,’ he quipped, taking half the credit for himself. Claudia then disclosed that her dad had told her that he’d had enough of her dating ‘d**kheads’, hence why she was trying something new by coming on Love Island. ‘My dad’s just like, it’s time to get rid of d**kheads now and settle down and find someone!’ she shared. Several Love Island fans who were previously unaware of Claudia’s parentage remarked how much she resembled her dad after discovering his identity during the episode. ‘Claudia’s dad being Carl Fogarty is giving me Gemma from last series vibes,’ another said, referencing Love Island 2022 star Gemma Owen, the daughter of former professional footballer Michael Owen. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Claudia Fogarty and Tom Clare head out on date after fans insist they’ve got history MORE : Love Island fans are all saying the same thing after Ron Hall’s saucy lap dance sends Tanyel Revan’s heart racing 