France World Cup winner Raphael Varane has taken the decision to retire from international football. The 29-year-old made 93 appearances for his country and played a pivotol role in Les Bleus’ triumph in Russia four years ago. Varane, meanwhile, was a key member of the side that came perilously close to defending the trophy in Qatar in December but was unable to prevent Argentina and Lionel Messi from sealing a memorable victory. The Manchester United star confirmed his intention in a statement with the elegant centre-half mindful of the need to protect a body that has succumbed to injury on numerous occasions in recent years. Varane’s international career has spanned an entire decade and although he will be missed by Deschamps, France are fortunate they are blessed with a number of emerging central defensive talents. Arsenal’s William Saliba is likely to be a leading candidate to fill the void left by Varane’s impending retirement, but Chelsea duo Wesley Fofana and January signing Benoit Badiashile will also have designs on the former Real Madrid star’s place. Liverpool’s Ibrahima Konate and his former RB Leipzig teammate Dayot Upamecano, now at Bayern Munich, also boast senior international experience and will provide Deschamps with more viable options during the Euro 2024 qualification campaign. Varane joined United from Real 18 months ago in a £34million deal but endured a difficult first season at Old Trafford with injuries and a change of management affecting his form. The arrival of Erik ten Hag has benefited Varane, however, and he has begun to form an outstanding partnership with Lisandro Martinez. Varane played 80 minutes last night as United safely navigated the second leg of their Carabao Cup semi-final against Nottingham Forest, winning 1-0 on the night and completing a 4-0 aggregate victory. MORE : Jude Bellingham told to reject Liverpool & Manchester City for Manchester United MORE : Manchester United are looking to give Alessia Russo a new deal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.