People watching the Brit Awards were left scratching their heads when host Mo Gilligan introduced ‘Sam Capaldi’ on the stage at the 2023 ceremony at London’s O2 arena. Of course, he was supposed to be informing everyone that the one and only Lewis Capaldi was set to perform. As per usual, once the Someone You Loved singer began his performance, he belted out pitch-perfect vocals, astounding the audience and viewers at home. Straight afterwards, Mo called for everyone to give the musician and the gospel choir who accompanied him a round of applause, before he pointed out his own error. ‘I have to apologise, I did call him Sam – it just goes to show how strong the drinks are at the Brits. They’re not playing around!’ he quipped light-heartedly. However, numerous Twitter users couldn’t help but express their utter confusion over the blunder, which may have been a slip of the tongue due to the fact that both Sam Smith and Sam Ryder are in attendance. Radio presenter Adele Roberts poked fun at the situation by drawing parallels with the time John Travolta completely butchered Idina Menzel’s name at the Oscars. ‘Sam Capaldi > Adele Dazeem,’ she tweeted, recalling what the Grease actor called the Frozen star at the time. ‘It’s Sam Capaldi everybody,’ someone else wrote on Twitter, superimposing a picture of Lewis’ face on top of the Unholy singer’s body… an image that Lewis then ended up sharing himself. At this year’s Brit Awards, Lewis is up for the gong for song of the year, with his track Forget Me. Sam Smith and Kim Petras are nominated for their hit song Unholy, while Sam was also up for best pop or R&B act. Eurovision 2022 runner-up Sam Ryder, on the other hand, has been recognised in the new artist category, where he’s going up against Kojey Radical, Mimi Webb, Rina Sawayama and Wet Leg. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mo Gilligan leaves no crumbs with stinging comeback to Twitter troll hours before hosting Brit Awards 2023 MORE : Queen Bey herself Beyoncé drops into Brit Awards 2023 to deliver special message after award win: ‘The Renaissance begins’ 