A Tube fan has walked the entire 15.8 miles of the Hammersmith and City line, but it definitely isn’t for the faint hearted. A Londoner decided to pick a pretty unique way to travel from one end of the tube to the other – by walking. TikTok user @tnxo.x, who has also done the same challenge with the Victoria Line and DLR, went all the way from Hammersmith to Barking on foot in just six hours. The route took her through 29 stations, coming to just shy of 16 miles across the capital. Showing her journey on TikTok, she told viewers: ‘If I’m going to keep it honest, out of all the Tube walks I’ve done so far, this has to be my favourite – up until we get into East and then it goes a bit downhill.’ Moving through the first few stops, she ‘got lost’ around Wood Lane Station before getting back on track and having a wander through Westfield in Shepherd’s Bush. She then made her way through Portobello Market but avoided the food due to it being ‘far too early to eat.’ However, she did stop to grab some water and a protein bar when she made it to Paddington. Her mega journey continued on through Edgware Road, Baker Street, Great Portland Street, Euston Square – which took her two-and-a-half hours. She went on to reveal another, pretty major, detail that made the long walk even more challenging. ‘I don’t even have maps on my phone, I just use those boards that show you what’s in the radius to get me from station to station. ‘So it did take me way longer than I actually wanted it to, but it builds character I think!’ she told viewers. Her next pit stop came when she reached Liverpool Street Station for some food, but only stayed for around 10 minutes. Nearing the end, she continued: ‘Now we’re at Mile End, Bow Road, Bromley By Bow, and West Ham. ‘This almost took me out, this was a long walk, I was going to give up.’ But she feels like she learns a lot on her lengthy walks: ‘These walks teach me, London is so big. ‘There are so many people, and each of them have their own lives and stories and it’s so crazy!’ Concluding her video, she finally reached Barking Station after six hours and 40,000 steps – ending her journey around 9.30pm. Those watching quickly gave suggestions for what routes they wanted to see her try next. One joked: ‘As a professional hater, pls do the Jubilee Line (if you actually do this, you deserve to be knighted).’ ‘I wanna see someone do the Metropolitan Line,’ another wrote. Someone else weighed in: ‘Central Line would be immense with the loop in east.’ We’re still not sure we’ll be rushing out to walk 15 miles across London anytime soon. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.