Kelsey Parker has shared a raw Instagram post full of her complicated feelings as she marks her first Valentine’s Day without her late husband, singer Tom Parker. The mum-of-two said she ‘never could have imagined the pain that was ahead’ as the couple spent their final February 14 together in 2022, with her partner ‘the strongest and healthiest he’d been in a long time’. Parker died in March last year at the age of 33, one and a half years after being diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour. The couple welcomed children Aurelia, three, and Bodhi, two, together, and actress and vlogger Kelsey has been very open about her journey through Parker’s illness and death, even exploring bereavement and grief in the ITVBe documentary Kelsey Parker: Life After Tom. She has also previously opened up on feeling ‘guilt’ over his death, despite knowing she did everything she could for the late star of The Wanted. Taking to social media on Valentine’s Day, the 32-year-old reflected on the bittersweet memory of Valentine’s Day in 2022 as she thought about what she hadn’t know was ahead. Alongside a photo of her and Tom sharing a tender kiss, she wrote: ‘This time last year I was full of hope. We were in Spain where Tom was in daily therapy and he was the strongest and healthiest he’d been in a long time. ‘I was lucky enough to spend Valentine’s and another 3 weeks just me and Tom. I never could have known how precious that time was or imagined the pain that was ahead of me and now, a year later, I’m facing the anniversary of a whole year without you Tom.’ Explaining how she’d been ‘wondering if and what I should post for Valentine’s Day’, Kelsey then shared the reply in full that she had sent to a friend who asked her what she was thinking of posting and how she felt. ‘I’m angry, sad, lonely, wishing more than anything that none of this happened to us. But it did and I’m grateful for the years we had, the love we shared and the babies we made. I’m so grateful for them. They bring me joy every single day,’ the response read. Going on to share her thoughts on what she hoped other people would take from the day, like she did on Christmas Day as well, she added: ‘So this Valentine’s I guess my message is that if you’re lucky enough to spend it with someone you love, cherish it. Soak it up. Reflect on the importance of your relationship, the love you feel for each other and remember to honour it. You are blessed. We’re all here to love and to be loved. ‘If you’re on your own, remember you’re not on your own. Valentine’s is a day to celebrate love so celebrate all the love in your world, whether it’s romantic or not. ‘I couldn’t feel any more loved by everyone on here who has followed, supported, liked, commented, sent me DM’s when I’ve needed them most. My family, my friends, my village – everyone who has got us through the last year.’ Reflecting on it being almost a year since her husband had died at St Christopher’s Hospice in London on March 30, she continued: ‘That anniversary is coming and it’s one of the hardest times right now but today I’m going to remember how loved I felt for the last 13 Valentine’s with Tom. The years he went all out, the years we spent a part but so in love and I’m just going to remember how lucky I was.’ ‘I love you Tom. Thank you for the best years of my life,’ she concluded, signing off with the hashtag ‘#positiveparkersforever’. In January, Kelsey shared that her husband had enjoyed tucking into the same meal for lunch every day, as she revealed his liking for the classic combination of beans and cheese either on a jacket potato or toast. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Dooley shares first look at baby daughter Minnie in adorable Valentine’s video with Kevin Clifton MORE : Rebel Wilson was ‘shocked’ over being ‘mum-shamed’ for partying a week after her daughter was born 