Who said it’s only cats and dogs we can dress in adorable ways for our little human enjoyment? Other pets (as long as you’re not putting them in distress) are also fair game when it comes to playing dress-up. Which is why one woman spotted a gap in the market – dressing horses. Lana Grieve, from California, has created a whole business idea on making matching outfits for horses and owners. The 34-year-old owns six horses – five of them miniatures – and previously only sold equine blankets. But she soon branched out to creating matching human riding clothes – such as leggings, t-shirts, sweatshirts, hats and accessories – so owners can match their pets. She loves to showcase her own gear by dancing around, modelling them with her tiny horses – and has a wardrobe stuffed with matching outfits. The businesswoman has even seen her company, Star Point Horsemanship, become a six-figure business. ‘My goal is to have enough coloured prints  to match with my horses every day,’ said Lana. ‘When I go out, I coordinate as much as I can – when we dance together we’re the centre of attention.’ Lana started equine coaching in 2015 – and took her trained miniature horses to competitions. But she soon realised there were limited options for blankets and other riding equipment for small horses. After noticing the ones out there were limited in colour, her company Star Point Horsemanship was born. She started creating and selling equipment in unique, colourful designs, catering for all horses – even the tiniest ones, like Lana’s miniatures. These products soon began flying off the shelves – and she then realised the options for high-quality riding gear for humans in interesting designs was pretty limited, too. She said: ‘Originally with my whole product line it was horse products because there was a huge gap in the market. ‘Then with the human clothes, I didn’t see any bright coloured prints or anything I would personally purchase for my personality, just plain colours.’ Soon her brand was selling matching gear – for horses and their riders. Lana, who is now 37 weeks pregnant, also has her sights set on creating a matching range for babies and children – and potentially a dog one, too. That way, eventually an entire family and their pets will be able to match with one another. Horse-lover Lana added: ‘Overall there has been an amazing response to the designs. ‘When my little boy is born he’ll be out there dancing with us in his matching clothes.’ Check out Lana’s collection of horse clothes below. MORE : Everyday hacks that’ll save you money, from getting free help for your pets to being paid to recycle MORE : Woman with 21 cats spends £400 a month on her pampered pets MORE : Animal sanctuary founder and her dog could be made homeless after being forced to shut