This is the moment two nurses put their lives at risk to protect babies in an intensive care unit. The brave medics went out of their way to help little ones when a deadly 7.7 magnitude earthquake that has killed more than 30,000 hit Turkey and Syria. No staff appeared to be on the ward at first as the incubators holding premature and sick babies started to shake. Two nurses – identified as Devlet Nizam and Gazwl Caliskan – could have fled, but instead rushed into the hospital room in Gaziantep, Turkey. They held the incubators firmly in place, stopping the vulnerable children from tipping to the ground. Their heroic actions on Monday were praised after CCTV of the incident went viral on social media. The video was shared on Twitter by Turkish politician Fatma Sahin, who said: ‘Our medics are amazing people.’ At least 29,605 people have died in Turkey, while 3,553 have been killed in Syria. Nearly a week after the two countries were devastated by the natural disaster, thousands of survivors have been pulled from piles of rubble. Some locals claim valuable time has been lost during the narrow window for finding people alive. In Adiyaman on Saturday, Elif Busra Ozturk stood outside a flattened building where her uncle and aunt were trapped – believed dead. The bodies of two of her cousins had already been discovered under the wreckage. ‘For three days, I waited outside for help. No one came,’ she said. ’There were so few rescue teams that they could only intervene in places they were sure there were people alive.’ The death toll could reach 50,000, a Foreign Office minister has warned. Andrew Mitchell backed the assessment of UN relief chief Martin Griffiths that the death toll could dramatically increase. He added: ‘I think that the figure that the UN emergency co-ordinator has given yesterday when he was in the region of 50,000 is the right figure, I fear, that we’re going to see.’ Speaking to Sky News’ Sophy Ridge On Sunday, he added: ‘It’s bleak beyond belief, it is the worst crisis, the worst earthquake we have faced certainly since Nepal (2015), probably since Haiti (2010).’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.