The people have voted for their favourite UK supermarket, and the results are in. Which? polled 3,000 members of the public on their shopping experiences for its annual satisfaction survey, finding a consumer favourite winner. Aldi, M&S and Waitrose nabbed the top three spots in the rankings, with Marks and Sparks and Waitrose scoring well for in-store quality and range of products, as well as the overall store experience. Meanwhile, Aldi won hearts and minds thanks to the value for money it offers, earning an overall score of 73% – putting it joint second with Waitrose. Aldi earned four stars for value for money and quality of fresh products, but dropped down to two stars for queue waiting times and availability of stock. Even though the scores were a bit of a mixed bag, Aldi has some loyal fans. One said: ‘I love shopping at Aldi. The prices are great for the majority of things I buy there.’ ‘Staff are friendly,’ said another, ‘products are excellent quality, and it offers exceptional value for money.’ M&S was crowned the winner of the poll with a score of 77%, with five stars for the quality of the chain’s own label and fresh products, customer service and store appearance. However, its value for money score dropped down to two, with one of those surveyed saying: ‘Excellent quality, but it has its price.’ Thus, both M&S and Waitrose, which also earned just two stars for value for money, lost out on being a Which? Recommended Provider this time around. There was also a separate ranking for online shopping, which saw Ocado nab in first position with an impressive score of 81%. Coming in at joint second here were Iceland and Waitrose, both with scores of 76%. Reena Sewraz, Which? Retail Editor, said: ‘Our results highlight how many shoppers are prioritising value for money above all else, but for those who can afford it, high-quality products and a positive shopping experience still really matter. ‘None of the supermarkets received five stars for value in-store, but the discounters still led the way in this category. ‘While some shoppers can buy budget ranges and shop around, Which? believes all supermarkets have the ability to make a real difference to hard-hit households by ensuring everyone has easy access to basic, affordable food lines at a store near them, as well as through targeted promotions – particularly in areas where people are most in need. ‘They should also make it easy to compare prices.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How you could be paying £100s more using convenience stores over supermarkets MORE : The best supermarket deals aren’t always clear – Which? renews its call for better labelling MORE : Aldi named UK’s cheapest supermarket, here’s how the others compare