It’s an image quite hard to forget: Beyonce’s silhouette lit up against the backdrop of orange pyrotechnics and the guitar riff of Who Run The World (Girls) to open one of the greatest performances of the superstar’s career. That was her Super Bowl halftime show performance 10 years ago today and I’ll never forget it. For me, it was the very early hours of a Monday morning on February 3, 2013, and I was the first to arrive at the modest Shoreditch office of a former entertainment publication I used to work at. I hurriedly switched on my computer, went straight to YouTube and saw what I was looking for immediately – ‘Beyonce headlines Super Bowl halftime show’ was roughly the title of the video I clicked on with desperation only us BeyHive members could truly understand. The next 13 minutes were some of the greatest I’ve ever seen performed on a live stage. Even thousands of miles away from New Orleans where the Super Bowl was being hosted that year, it was easy to feel how electric the atmosphere was at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome, everyone there excitedly waiting to see a moment in music history. Oh, did I mention there was also an NFL game at Beyonce’s concert? That’s become the running joke over the past decade (how has it been a decade?!) because Beyonce owned that football pitch like it was her very own stadium gig, and yet, she was only there to perform an excruciatingly planned out 13-minute show in the middle of America’s biggest sporting event. There have been dozens of Super Bowl halftime shows over the past few decades or so and no matter who you talk to, only a handful ever get mentioned as the greatest of all time – you can bet much of the time Beyonce is in the top two, not two. Prince, Michael Jackson and Whitney Houston singing the national anthem are often referred to as the most celebrated Super Bowl performances ever, while the likes of Madonna, Lady Gaga and The Who are particular fan-favourites. But, to state the arguable fact that is the elephant in the room: no one has done it better since Beyonce headlined in 2013. In the past 10 years, Bruno Mars, Maroon 5, Katy Perry, Coldplay, Gaga, Justin Timberlake, The Weeknd, Shakira and Jennifer Lopez, and Dr Dre with Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Mary J Blige, Kendrick Lamar and 50 Cent have commanded the Super Bowl stage and, while most were special in their own right, none have quite created the magic that Beyonce did all those years ago. Hell, Queen Bey even had to come out to save Coldplay’s snooze-fest of a halftime show in 2016 – and I’m a Coldplay fan. Every part of her performance was memorable, from the perfectly curated setlist that included Crazy In Love, Baby Boy and Bootylicious, to Destiny’s Child reuniting for the first time since they split in 2005 and Beyonce performing her monster hit Single Ladies with Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams doing the iconic dance alongside her. In just 13 minutes, she managed to encompass everything that us fans love about her from her ever-incredible choreography, to her friendship with Kelly and Michelle and ability to make us dance like there’s no tomorrow, and also sing our heart out to emotional ballads like Halo. It served, it gave, it was the best. However, next weekend we’ll be watching another superstar take to the stage and give what promises to be one of the best performances of their career: Rihanna. The Navy have been desperately waiting for RiRi’s return to the stage, with her last album released in 2006 and her music career virtually ground to a halt. Like Beyonce, the Work singer has a wealth of hits under her belt and that special kind of stage presence you can’t quite put your finger on. She’s no doubt feeling a huge amount of pressure given it’s been so long since she last performed live but, if there’s anyone who can match Beyonce’s level of greatness, it’s Rihanna and I feel pretty confident she’ll give us a show to remember. It’s quite symbolic that RiRi is headlining 10 years after Beyonce’s halftime show – perhaps she’ll channel the spirit of Queen Bey? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 