Katherine Ryan experienced every parent’s worst nightmare when she was locked out of her house with her baby girl inside – but fortunately, she kept cool, calm and collected as she figured out what to do. In a clip posted on Instagram, the moment that The Masked Singer UK star realised that she couldn’t back into her house was captured on her home surveillance footage, while she was carrying her one-and-a-half-year-old son. In a follow-up video, the 39-year-old confirmed that her two-month-old daughter was safe inside at the time, and she had been able to see her through the window. The video of Katherine’s unfortunate mishap was shared on social media by her partner Bobby Kootstra, who wrote on Instagram: ‘My wife locked the baby in the house to get me home from the golf course immediately.’ In the footage, the comedian could be seen stepping out of the front door and closing it behind her while carrying her toddler, before looking down at her keys and realising she’d made a mistake. ‘Oh my god. Oh my god,’ she muttered, as her baby adorably imitated her saying: ‘Uh oh.’ ‘I did something really bad,’ Katherine remarked, gasping as she looked up at the camera, perhaps hoping that Bobby would see the live video and step in to help. As the cogs turned in her mind, the entertainer appeared to decide what she was going to do to fix the situation, walking away at speed away from the front door. In a follow-up video shared on her Instagram Story, Katherine confirmed that everything turned out ok in the end, as she updated fans while her baby daughter rested on her chest. ‘Sorry for posting yesterday’s dramatic video with no resolution. A lot of people, especially Gen Zs, are like, “How did he know you needed rescuing? How did he save you if you didn’t have a phone? What did you do?”’ she said. Referencing her 13-year-old daughter Violet, she continued: ‘And we asked Violet after showing her the video, “What would you do?” She was like, “Throw a brick through the window.”’ Katherine promised that she would disclose how she got back into the house, but fans would have to wait a little bit longer for the full story. ‘I will tell you what I did. I solved it in under 10 minutes, because I’m almost 40,’ she stated. ‘I’ll do it on my podcast, because I am hurting for topics. So you’ll have to subscribe to my podcast if you want to know how to save your child locked in a house.’ As a disclaimer, the comic also added: ‘By the way, she was sleeping and in a safe place, and I could see her through the window.’ After Bobby shared the original video, several people praised Katherine for her calm she was when working out what she needed to do. ‘Did this a few months ago except locked both kids inside, baby crying and I was not this calm,’ one person commented. ‘Sweet Mama! We’ve ALLLLL been there. Bless you and your babies!’ another wrote. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Katherine Ryan had her baby’s foot in her ribcage during The Masked Singer but still insisted on full choreography MORE : Katherine Ryan’s son less than impressed by her Masked Singer reveal: ‘Tough crowd’ 