Arsenal legend Thierry Henry has urged Jurgen Klopp to get rid of a number of Liverpool players that proved they’re no longer at the right level during their ‘fragile’ defeat to Real Madrid. The Reds raced into a 2-0 lead at Anfield after goals from Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah but Madrid responded emphatically, hitting five goals without reply. The performance was, for the most part, in keeping with Liverpool’s displays this season but the fact it came against a side that they largely dominated in the Champions League final last May only underlined the side’s decline. While clear that Liverpool require investment in midfield, the Reds’ defence was all over the place as Madrid ran riot on Merseyside. Klopp’s side capitulated once Madrid got back on level terms, exposing their new-found lack of resilience. And Henry believes it’s time for Klopp to discard of some of the players he’s stayed loyal to, as they’ve shown they’re no longer at the right level. ‘They conceded too many goals against Brentford, Wolves and Brighton – let alone before you play a team like Real Madrid,’ Henry told CBS Sports ‘I wanted to know where they were and I saw a fragile team. More than fragile, why? They were 2-0 up. That’s exactly the start you would like to have against a Madrid team or any team in Europe at Anfield and they couldn’t even keep that. ‘Yes, Alisson made a mistake but they didn’t bail him out. Thibaut Courtois makes a mistake – that’s a big team, they bailed him out. ‘They are fragile and some things need to change. I don’t think Jurgen Klopp needs to go but some players don’t have the level anymore to play for Liverpool. It happens to the best, it happened to me. It’s the end of an era.’ ‘I’m not having a go at Liverpool. They are not playing well they are conceding a lot. We all love what they have done recently. It’s a tough one, they are conceding five at home and getting outplayed,’ he added. ‘When I see a guy like Luka Modric at his age getting the ball and bursting forward in midfield like they were not there and passing the ball to Vinicius and Vinicius passing the ball to Benzema and him toying with the keeper, I just think that is not good enough that team gave us so much. ‘But right now they are not good so they need to reinvent themselves and keep their head up until the end of the season.’ MORE : Manchester United star Antony back in training ahead of Barcelona and Newcastle clashes MORE : Michael Owen compares Liverpool striker Darwin Nunez to Chelsea legend Didier Drogba For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 