Encased entirely in inch-thick black rubber, I’m slipping around an icy Lac du Lou like a cosplay Pingu. A similarly clad man hands me a five-foot-long ice saw and a pair of flippers, and gestures to a small patch of lake cleared of snow. It’s about now that I start to doubt my life choices. Staring up at the Pantone-blue sky, with what amounts to a lethal weapon in my hand, I watch wistfully as a troupe of skiers swishes gleefully down a piste. Usually, I come to the mountains to gently ski and indulge in all manner of melted cheese and mulled wine fantasies. But today, standing on a frozen lake, sawing through its thick ice in order to dive under it – an image all too reminiscent of a Wile E Coyote fail – I feel well and truly out of my comfort zone. Thankfully, my life is in the big, safe hands of Dan Arbogast, a professional freediver who runs Fifty Shades Of Blue (ice dives from £134). After summers bobbing about in the warm waters of Marseille, he spends the winter season in Les Menuires in the Savoie Mont-Blanc region of France, teaching freediving under the ice to a thrill-thirsty ski crowd. Ice swimming and diving has various benefits, including increased endorphins and improved circulation. It can also ease the effects of depression. It’s become a more popular sport in the past five years here in the Alps, largely as an interesting way to connect with nature and see the world from a different perspective. South African freediver Amber Fillary set a Guinness world record in 2022 by swimming 90m (295ft) under a frozen lake near Kongsberg in Norway, while Samoëns near Morzine has just held the fifth annual Ice Swimming World Championships. Although one of the lesser-known resorts, the 1,850m Les Menuires sits just below Val Thorens in the Belleville valley and is thickly draped in powdery snow. Part of Les Trois Vallées, it’s charming, with aprés bars and cosy Savoyard restaurants such as La Marmite where you can eat raclette in a gondola, yet offers much more bang for your buck than nearby Méribel and Courchevel. My base for the weekend is the Ours Blanc hotel, featuring a fancy spa with experience showers, Turkish hammam and indoor/outdoor heated pool. And my much-longed-for happy place right now. Lung power is the key for successful ice diving as Dan teaches people how to swim under the thick ice without breathing apparatus. There are several techniques you can use to help improve this, including taking slow, deep breaths, opening up the shoulders and breathing from the diaphragm rather than the chest. ‘Around 95% of people I’ve taken ice diving have never, ever freedived before, so don’t worry,’ he assures me. I find myself in the ice hole with another six ‘penguins’ chatting like we’re in a hot tub. Except it’s -18C and we’re surrounded by snow. As a regular cold-water swimmer, the lowest temperature I’ve ever swum in is about 7C, positively balmy compared with today’s conditions. ‘Just dip your head under the water and take a look under the ice,’ says Dan, as if it’s the most natural thing in the world. Feeling my weighted belt anchor me in the water, I bob my head briefly under the foot-thick ice only to stare into the black abyss of an endless lake. OK, now I’m ready to bail. Thankfully, Dan is serenity personified and gently explains how I can slow my breathing in order to swim under the water to the next ice hole. My fear of getting lost under the ice is starting to wane, as Dan accompanies all divers and there’s a guide rope between holes. Thinking longingly of the bubbling croziflette and flagon of Alpine lager that has been promised for lunch, before  I can change my mind Dan counts slowly back from ten. I take a deep breath, duck under the water and flip over on my back to gaze up at the white-grey ceiling of ice. Using the rope to guide me, I glide under the ice shelf towards the blue gaze of daylight before breaching out of the ice hole like a magnificent orca. Partly fuelled by adrenaline and the sheer joy of being alive,I barely notice the temperature of the icy waters, not least thanks to my thick skin of neoprene. Now infused with the bravado of Ice Thor, I attempt the 10-metre swim to the next ice hole. Dan is once again counting me down. I take a deep breath, duck under the ice and this time I’m able to enjoy the silent, peaceful swim and notice the ripples of bubbles frozen in action. And after seeing the Alps from a whole new perspective, I have a new-found respect for penguins. Getting there: Return flights from London to nearest airport, Geneva, from £23.99 one way, easyjet.com. Rooms at Ours Blanc from £161pn, hotel-ours-blanc.com. For more info, visit savoie-mont-blanc.com and lesmenuires.com MORE : These A-list owned hotels have serious star quality MORE : Town wins title of friendliest place in the world