Jodie Weston is a TV reality star, DJ, social media influencer and radio host. She rents in Beckenham with her newborn son and says she would love to buy a place one day but that being self-employed, and in a high-risk career, means that a mortgage is hard to come by. My two-bedroom apartment is about 80square metres. I love it because it has lots of skylights and large bifold doors into the garden area it has a really light modern feel and lots of earthy tones. I lived in a small cottage on the other side of Beckenham beforehand but because it was hundreds of years old it kept having problems with the plumbing and heating. One time the entire bathroom flooded with human waste. I felt it was time to move on. I was also pregnant and didn’t think it was big enough for my son so I started looking for a new place in the summer but it was a nightmare. It’s a landlord’s market at the moment so I was calling up letting agencies to view properties that had only come on the market two days prior and people had already put offers on them before viewing the place. It was difficult to find anything that was available and the viewings I went on had about ten to 15 people looking around at the same time. I got lucky because someone had made an offer but the checks hadn’t gone through at the final hour so it came back on the market and I quickly put down a deposit and that was that. I didn’t even have a chance to view it, I asked my mum to go and send me a walkthrough video but luckily it was perfect and newly renovated so it was all modern and spotless. Beckenham has great transport links to central London. You can get to Victoria in 22 minutes, but because it’s on the outskirts and some people would even say it’s in Kent not London. You get much more space for your money but then it’s still a nice safe area with lots of bars and restaurants and greenery. My rent is a lot: £1,700 a month plus £200 for bills. It is much more than a mortgage would be but as a self-employed DJ and radio presenter it’s hard to get a mortgage alone. I live in south-east London and have a large two-bed apartment with a courtyard and garden, but if I still lived in the Midlands where I grew up I’d have a huge house for that. I had to have a ground-floor apartment, and chose an apartment over a house mainly because of the practicality of stairs and a newborn. I also could barely walk for the first few weeks and couldn’t pick up my son as I had an emergency caesarean so I wouldn’t have been able to cope with stairs that’s for sure. I’d also be worried about carrying a small baby up and down stairs. The apartment had never been lived in since it was renovated from a shop to a residential property so it was unfurnished and the garden just had soil in it. So I was able to show off my creativity and pick out new furniture and lay turf on the soil for the garden and make a small Moroccan style courtyard as well. I love boudoir style, old Hollywood glamour etc, so my home definitely has a modern but boudoir feel. It’s hard to get that balance but I think I’ve got it. I don’t like loud colours in my home. The loudest furniture I have is a bottle green sofa and chaise lounge I received a few days ago. I have a very short attention span and circumstances can change so I will probably move again in two years. It depends on my son, finding a nice nursery nearby but getting enough space for my money, so I will probably stay on the outskirts of London as I feel like anything inside is overpriced. I’d love to own a place but I’m alone and self-employed in a high-risk career, from what I’ve been told. My career path is one that is easy to juggle with child care. I usually do gigs at night time when I’m able to easily get child care. However, it is also a career path that mortgage lenders would see as unpredictable and very risky. Jodie’s Instagram account can be found here. MORE : We got on the property ladder with a £8,500 deposit, here’s how MORE : DIY fans spend just £3,000 and add £70,000 to their property’s value Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.