Alan Carr has found himself at the centre of Britain’s Got Talent rumours over the past few weeks. The funnyman was billed as replacing David Walliams on BGT’s panel, a gig that actually went to Bruno Tonioli. Catching up with Metro.co.uk at the European premiere of Eugene Levy’s new travel show, The Reluctant Traveller, Alan, 46, made it clear that his being in the running for the BGT role was news to him, telling us: ‘I was staying at home just watching it unfold in the paper, it was very odd.’ The star also offered Bruno his best wishes and poked fun at source quotes claiming he was ‘devastated’ by the news. When asked whether there was any truth to the BGT rumours, Alan said: ‘I was staying at home – I’m doing a sitcom based on my life – and I was just watching this all unfold in the paper, it was very odd.’ He went on: ‘And then Bruno [was announced as the new judge] and I thought, “oh good for him” but it’s so weird. ‘And then family and friends apparently said I was devastated. I’m like, I’m just sitting at home doing a jigsaw.’ Well, there you have it folks. Strictly Come Dancing star Bruno, 67, was announced as BGT’s new judge last month and has already proved a hit with viewers. As for Alan, he was out in London on Tuesday night to celebrate Eugene’s new Apple+ show which follows the Schitt’s Creek star as he visits some of the world’s most beautiful and intriguing destinations in Finland, Italy, Japan, Maldives, Portugal, South Africa and the United States. The catch? 76-year-old Eugene isn’t particularly open minded when it comes to globetrotting, which makes for some side-splitting television – especially when he comes face to face with a poisonous viper in a Costa Rica rainforest. The Reluctant Traveller will premiere globally on February 24 on Apple TV+. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : S Club 7 reunion news stirs up iconic video of band being dragged out of Claudia Winkleman interview MORE : Emmerdale reveals Paddy’s whereabouts 