Well, well, well… Rihanna, what can we say? Honestly, girl, pardon the pun, but take a bow. After five years away from the stage, our favourite Barbadian singer has definitely still got it, as her Super Bowl halftime performance was nothing less than extraordinary. After months of teasing and leaving fans to speculate, we finally got to witness her hard work come into fruition in an epic 13-minute set, featuring her biggest hits, stunning costumes, energetic choreography and, of course, killer vocals. In fact, her voice was as strong as ever, as she belted out those high notes with ease, even while dancing and descending to the stage from mid-air. The 34-year-old – whose last album was Anti, released in 2016 – lit up the stage at Apple Music’s show in Glendale, Arizona, as the Kansas City Chiefs took on the Philadelphia Eagles. Making the dramatic entrance we were anticipating, Riri began on a floating stage, before being lowered down to the pitch and breaking into the dance classic that is Where Have You Been. The star looked nothing less than stunning, donning an all-red ensemble, complete with gloves and an oversized coat, slicking her raven locks back into a ponytail and finishing off with a bold lip (Fenty Beauty, of course). She was surrounded by hundreds of dancers, all in white tracksuits, allowing all eyes to be on Rihanna as she took centre stage. It’s safe to say she was feeling herself, twirling, grinding, and performing all the sexy moves, with her third hit of the medley being Only Girl in the World. She then delighted the crowd with her club classic We Found Love, at which point fireworks lit up the sky. Never one to disappoint and surely wanting to pack as many hits as possible into the slot, an instrumental of S&M played in the background before she broke into Rude Boy. Next up was Work, which Rihanna originally sang with Drake, who did not join her for the performance. In fact, and surprisingly, Rihanna flew solo all night, with zero special guests in an unusual move, as headliners are typically joined by a couple of other stars to add to the impact. But, this is Rihanna after all, and she really is our only girl in the world. After Work, we had the summer tune Wild Thoughts, with no DJ Khaled in sight, before an instrumental of Birthday Cake and a sultry dance moment to Pour It Up. There was plenty of booty shaking going on, with even more dancers running onto the pitch for All Of The Lights. At this point, Rihanna proved that the grind never ends and, in an iconic moment of self promo, stopped to powder her face with, yep, you guessed it, a Fenty powder. Honestly, this woman’s commitment to her brands is astonishing and should be studied. After a quick touch-up, the stadium was set alight with flashlights, as Rihanna made her way over to a live band for Run This Town. Now, it wouldn’t have been a Rihanna show without Umbrella, would it? So, obviously, she had to have it in there. Without Jay-Z, though, despite him being in the audience. But, being the musical genius she is, Ms Rihanna flipped the tune we all know and love on its head, making it somewhat of a power ballad. And to conclude in spectacular fashion, she got onto her platform once more and ascended to the sky like the goddess that she is, belting out Diamonds. Even after over 10 minutes of performing for the first time in half a decade, Rihanna was still giving it her all up until the last moment, with Diamonds sounding as heavenly as ever and surely giving everyone goosebumps. It’s safe to say she looked like a diamond herself, with the lights of fans shining all around her, before the packed stadium erupted into screams and cheers, in awe at the history they had just witnessed. Alas, perhaps the only downside was that Rihanna’s halftime show could only be so long, meaning there was no Disturbia, Pon de Replay, Man Down, Love On The Brain… the list goes On. But when your catalogue is that impressive, whittling it down is bound to be tough. Honestly, if Rihanna could make her Super Bowl show a monthly thing so we could get all the hits in there, we would so be down. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna studied Beyonce’s Super Bowl halftime show to prepare for own performance: ‘She’s a beast’ MORE : Inside the luxury suites where A-listers will watch the Super Bowl: featuring private kitchens, a pizzeria and 360° views of Rihanna  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 