The Moon is aligning with healer Chiron which could have an impact on your star sign. For Aries, the effect could be like a soothing balm if you can use it to resolve an issue. If someone isn’t being quite themselves or acting up, they may be under pressure, which accounts for their behaviour. Sagittarius – today’s Moon/Chiron link may swing your thoughts in the direction of being more easy-going about this. Once you get to know them better, it might not be a problem at all. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 2, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Is it better to work as part of a team or go solo, Aries? The ideas you are contemplating could tempt your creative muse out to play. But would you be better pooling resources, no matter how good a job you think you can do. As an Aries, you like to be the one in charge, so think about this before you let others on board. But, if you’re patient enough to work with them, then go ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may be dealing with some crucial decisions concerning your plans. Should you attempt to supercharge your ambitions or opt for a small is beautiful theme. With a positive tie to a sensitive point, don’t jump into this too fast, but give yourself time to reflect. What does your heart tell you? Run with this, and you’ll be happier about your decision over the long-term. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Think first, as it will help you put your feelings across in the best possible way. It could be easy to blurt out the first thing that comes into your head, but others might be a tad shocked by what you say. Diplomacy, and the ability to put yourself in others’ shoes, can be the key to making wise choices and staying on good terms. Your efforts to keep the peace will bear good fruit, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 It’s important to stay true to yourself, but can you manage this under the current skies? To get where you need to go, you may need to sacrifice certain values. How would this sit with you? If you’re already feeling uneasy, then you have your answer. No matter how much you stand to gain materially, how much would you lose by doing something that goes against the grain? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 It can be so tempting to cut corners to get a job completed on time, but doing so might come back to bite you. Do the best you can Leo, and you won’t have any comeback. The answer may be to take a quick walk or to dive into topics that really fascinate you, even if only for a few minutes. A short break to refuel can help you be much more productive and greatly enhance creativity. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 If a certain problem is showing signs of escalating, it’s best not to bury your head in the sand. If you can look it in the eye and do whatever needs doing, no matter how uncomfortable this is, you will quickly begin to feel better. And if you need advice or counselling, then do get it. There is no need to handle this alone as there are others out there Virgo, who are more than willing to help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 As the Moon aligns with healer Chiron, the effect can be like a soothing balm if you can use it to resolve an issue. If someone isn’t being quite themselves and is acting up, they may be under pressure, which accounts for their behaviour. You may feel like flying off the handle too, but an understanding approach, which is likely to be a big ask, could put a positive spin on things, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 If a disconnect is developing between you and another, it may be tempting to see less of them. It all depends on how much you value their friendship. What if you could work on a project or take up a challenge together? It may seem counterintuitive, but it might cement your bond by encouraging you to co-operate. A shared goal or interest may be all it takes to make this work. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You could become really close to a new friend, if it wasn’t for something about them that sets you on edge. Have romantic inclinations? You might be put off, unless you can learn to accept them as they are. Today’s Moon/Chiron link may swing your thoughts in the direction of being more easy-going about this. Once you get to know them better, it might not be a problem at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Aware of tensions? You could get more done if you keep them at bay. If you can’t do anything about an awkward matter over coming days, try to ignore it. This may not be so difficult with delectable Venus enhancing your charm, as you might find yourself in demand. Going out with friends for a meal or to an event, will relax you so much the answer can pop into your head. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Some things take time to develop, including relationships. You may be keen to hurry a developing bond along, but it can be unwise. You could undo all that keeps you together, and that would be a shame. Allowing things to work out naturally might lead to greater trust and an ever-deepening connection, and this is certainly worth working towards over the long-term, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 An awkward angle suggests conversations could give rise to misunderstandings. Go easy when dealing with someone who may be prone to overreact, especially if the discussion hinges around difficult feelings. With Venus in your sign though Pisces, you’ll have the right words to smooth things over and ease any tensions. Instead of falling out, you might find plenty that you agree on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for January 29 to February 4