The bodies of two Brits aid workers who died in Ukraine are being returned to the UK. The move comes amid a large prisoner swap for Russian soldiers. Chris Parry, 28, and colleague Andrew Bagshaw, 47, were confirmed dead last month. The pair had travelled to Soledar, in the east of the country, to volunteer with aid efforts. Andriy Yermak, the head of the Office of the Ukrainian President, said that the bodies had been handed over by the Russians as part of a prisoner of war exchange. Christopher’s body will be flown to the UK and Andrew’s to New Zealand. Mr Yermak tweeted: ‘Another big POWs swap. We managed to get back 116 of our people. ‘Those are the defenders of Mariupol, Kherson partisans, snipers from Bakhmut vicinities, and other heroes of ours. ‘We managed to take the bodies of the foreign volunteers who’d perished, Christopher Matthew Perry and Andrew Tobias Matthew, as well as the body of Evgen Kulyk, a Ukrainian who’d served with the French Foreign Legion and volunteered to join the Ukrainian forces.’ Bagshaw, a resident of New Zealand, was in Ukraine to assist in delivering humanitarian aid. Meanwhile Christopher had joined other volunteers on a rescue mission in Ukraine to help people escape bombed areas. Speaking to Sky News last year he said: ‘I went to a military command unit and spoke to a number of soldiers who described Bakhmut as the ‘worst place they had ever been’. The two men’s bodies were handed over along with 116 Ukrainians who had been held prison by the Russians. Dozens of Russian and Ukrainian prisoners of war have returned home following a prisoner swap today, officials on both sides said. Top Ukrainian presidential aide Andriy Yermak said in a Telegram post that 116 Ukrainians were freed. He said the released POWs include troops who held out in Mariupol during Moscow’s long siege that reduced the southern port city to ruins, as well as guerrilla fighters from the Kherson region and snipers captured during the ongoing fierce battles for the eastern city of Bakhmut. Russian defence officials, meanwhile, announced that 63 Russian troops had returned from Ukraine following the swap, including some ‘special category’ prisoners whose release was secured following mediation by the United Arab Emirates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.