The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has announced a further walkout at more than 120 NHS employers in England. The next strike will run continuously for 48 hours from 6am on March 1. For the first time, the strikes will involve nursing staff working in emergency departments, intensive care units, cancer care and other services that were previously exempted. The RCN, which accused the UK Government of refusing to engage in negotiations, also said it will increase financial support for its members who lose wages by taking industrial action. Previous action took place only during the day shift, for 12 hours each time. The RCN said it was continuing discussions with the NHS at national level as part of its commitment to ‘life and limb’ care. It will reduce services to an ‘absolute minimum’ and ask hospitals to rely on members of other unions and other clinical professions instead. The nursing union announced that the initial strike benefit rate will be increased from £50 to £80 per day, with the rate increasing to £120 from the fourth day of action. RCN general secretary Pat Cullen, said: ‘It is with a heavy heart that I have today asked even more nursing staff to join this dispute. ‘These strikes will not just run for longer and involve more people but will leave no area of the NHS unaffected. Patients and nurses alike did not want this to happen. ‘By refusing to negotiate with nurses, the Prime Minister is pushing even more people into the strike. He must listen to NHS leaders and not let this go ahead.’ Health and Social Care Secretary Steve Barclay said the Government was working closely with NHS England on contingency plans. He added: ‘I’ve had a series of discussions with unions, including the RCN, about what is fair and affordable for the coming year, as well as wider concerns around conditions and workload.’ Wes Streeting, shadow health secretary, said: ‘People will be flabbergasted that, three months into this dispute, Rishi Sunak still refuses to get around the table with health unions to bring an end to strikes in the NHS. ‘There hasn’t been a single minute of negotiation but there have been tens of thousands of cancelled operations and appointments. ‘Patients are paying the price for the Conservatives’ refusal to negotiate.’ Sir Julian Hartley, chief executive at NHS Providers said: ‘A continuous 48-hour strike with no exceptions in A&E, intensive care units or cancer care services will be a huge blow – especially as even more trusts will be affected this time. ‘With further strikes by ambulance workers planned in the coming days and weeks, and junior doctors’ walkouts also likely, trust leaders are now in a near-impossible position. ‘They’re deeply concerned the escalation could hamper their efforts to tackle care backlogs and compromise continuity of care for some.’ February has already seen upwards of 500,000 people across public and private sectors taking to the picket line. In the last month, nurses, doctors, ambulance drivers, rail workers, taxi drivers, civil servants, barristers and bus drivers have all taken industrial action. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.