Getting on the property ladder can be brutal, so when there’s a house on the market for less than £100,000 people pay attention. The thing is that these rarely come without a bit of a catch. Enter this two-bed Doncaster property that’s going up for auction with a guide price of £50,000 to £60,000. It’s a classic two-up, two-down property that looks normal enough from the outside. The end-of-terrace house has two reception rooms leading to a kitchen at the back, double bedrooms upstairs and a family bathroom. So what’s the catch? The mess that’s been left behind. The home’s living room is dirty, with tables topped with bin bags gaffer tape, a plastic bag and food waste, and rubbish on the floor. the sofa and walls are also covered in some unappealing marks. The second reception has got clutter all over the floor, including boxes and garden tools, and the kitchen has certainly seen better days, with grime and damp marks on the ceiling being standout features. The front bedroom has the curtain hanging on by the skin of its teeth, more spots of rubbish on the floor and marks on the walls, while the second has an unmade dirty mattress and a discarded beer can among the rubbish on the floor. The bathroom walls have been left unpainted, and toilet paper still lies on the floor, and the back garden is grass-less and seems to have the remains of a bonfire along with unwanted furniture piled up. The property listing, which doesn’t reference the mess, reads: ‘Two double bedroom end terrace and offered via online auction. ‘Comprising of an entrance hallway leading to a lounge, a dining room, and a kitchen. ‘To the first floor are two double bedrooms and a spacious bathroom and to the rear is private garden. ‘This property is conveniently located for Doncaster City Centre, close to all the local amenities, and with fantastic transport links. This property would achieve rents north of £550pcm.’ It is being sold by Auction House with bidding starting on 6 March and finishing on 7 March. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : ‘White House’ replica hits the market in Indiana for £7million MORE : Millions of households are facing 5% council tax rise in April MORE : This £280-a-week London flatshare offers a bed in the kitchen – and you can’t be home during the day