Austin Butler won big with the best leading actor award at this year’s Baftas – but viewers were divided. The Elvis lead was nominated against Colin Farrell, who was favourite to take home the prize. Also in the category was tough opposition from Brendan Fraser for The Whale, Paul Mescal for Aftersun, Bill Nighy for Living, and Daryl McCormack for Good Luck To You, Leo Grande. But, it was the biopic star who came out on top, meaning Farrell still hasn’t won a Bafta in his 25-year career. He was initially recognised for his performance in The Banshees Of Inisherin, which earned 10 nominations tonight and ended up winning four. Delivering his acceptance speech, Butler said it was ‘truly extraordinary’ to receive the award. ‘To my fellow nominees, this is an honour,’ he said. He added: ‘I want to thank the Presley family, I cannot thank you enough for your love… this means the world to me.’ But, not everyone watching at home was happy with the outcome, as one branded it a ‘punch in the gut’ to Farrell. ‘Colin Farrell is still best actor in my eyes’, one person tweeted. Another wrote: ‘Colin Farrell is robbed once again’. ‘Love this film and performance but gutted for Colin Farrell — if not here then I guess it’s not happening’, wrote another following Butler’s triumph. Another disappointed film fan tweeted: ‘i really dont understand how baftas messed up something so easy. best actress belonged to michelle yeoh and best actor belonged to colin farrell’. Paul Mescal fans were equally as unimpressed with the outcome. ‘I would have accepted losing to Colin Farrell but Paul Mescal losing to Elvis? No, just no’, a fan tweeted. ‘Paul Mescal was robbed,’ added another passionate supporter, while one penned: ‘Paul Mescal, Colin Farrell I will avenge you.’ Alas, it wasn’t meant to be, but The Banshees Of Inisherin did take home gongs for: best supporting actor to Barry Keoghan, best original screenplay, outstanding British film, and best supporting actress for Kerry Condon. Meanwhile, German language film All Quiet On The Western Front was the big winner at the EE Bafta film awards, scooping a total of seven prizes. The Netflix anti-war epic, directed by German filmmaker Edward Berger and based on the 1929 novel of the same name by Erich Maria Remarque, scooped top gongs including best film and best director. It broke the record for the highest number of Baftas for a foreign language film previously held by Italian coming-of-age drama Cinema Paradiso, which claimed five in 1988. MORE : Barry Keoghan celebrates with adorable son and Colin Farrell after big Bafta win for The Banshees of Inisherin MORE : CODA’s Troy Kotsur accidentally gives Bafta to Carey Mulligan instead of Kerry Condon after ‘miscommunication’ with sign language interpreter 