Eight Leicester City fans who smashed up the front of a restaurant ahead of an away game while terrified families cowered inside have been sentenced. They were part of a large mob which gathered outside Fat Cat in Nottingham after getting angry at a rival fan before an FA Cup tie between Leicester City and Nottingham Forest last February. They began yelling abuse at people inside before hurling bottles, glasses and chairs at the glass doors and windows, shattering them. Three diners were injured after the impact of the missiles sent shards of broken glass flying around. In footage of the incident played in court, a young child could be heard screaming while an adult shouted: ‘Where’s the police?’ The group, all men aged between 24 and 60, were arrested after detectives released an appeal with CCTV images. Three were jailed and banned from football matches for six years. They included 41-year-old Craig Flint, from Coalville, who also pleaded guilty over a similar incident at a second bar on the same day and received a 21-month sentence. Craig Jones, 24, from Braunstone, and Tyrone Smith, 38, from Leicester, were each jailed for 16 months. The other five were handed suspended sentences of at least 14 months as well as four-year football banning orders. They were Warren Green, 60, Neil Munden, 54, and Przemyslaw Danik, 41, all from Leicester, as well as Samuel James-Malloy, 25, from Kettering, and Nathan Charles, 37, from Braunstone. DC Rebecca Brosgarth of Nottinghamshire Police said: ‘These were disgraceful, cowardly acts of violence that caused considerable alarm and distress to the people who witnessed them. ‘The CCTV evidence in this case was utterly damning – showing a group of grown men behaving in a way that should shame every one of them. ‘We put a lot of effort into tracking down the people involved, and I would like to thank every member of the public who gave us the names we needed to take this case forward. ‘As the football season continues, I hope this incident serves as a reminder to all visitors to our city. If you behave in this way we will do whatever it takes to track you down and prosecute you.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.