*Warning: This article contains spoilers for The White Lotus.’ After Jennifer Coolidge’s high camp queen Tanya was killed off The White Lotus, fans have naturally turned to another gay icon to star in season 3 – Pamela Anderson. The Baywatch star, 55, is making a huge comeback following a successful stint as Roxy Hart in Chicago, the release of her explosive memoir and her endearing Netflix documentary Pamela, A Love Story. Pamela has always been a treasure, and with her acting career taking off again surely a stay at The White Lotus is the perfect return to the small screen Speaking to Drew Barrymore on the E.T. star’s chat show, Pam finally responded to the outpouring of calls to get her on Mike White’s critically acclaimed series as Tanya’s relative. Drew asked Pam if she’s heard about the overwhelming response from fans, and she has – and she’s listening. ‘I heard about it,’ she said, but added that she hasn’t actually been able to watch the show yet. ‘I can’t get it in Canada because my HBO app doesn’t work because my Apple ID is American so I can’t get it there so I tried to watch it. I want to watch it but I heard everyone loves it and it’s crazy. I’m up for anything.’ Turning the table, Pam asked Drew if she was going to make anymore movies because obviously the world is crying out for it. ‘We can do one together. We both can be in White Lotus,’ Drew grinned.’ I want you to be in White Lotus.’ ‘We can be sisters in White Lotus!’ agreed Pamela. The chat took an emotional turn when Drew really explained why there’s been such a huge demand for the actress and activist’s return to be in such an esteemed show. ‘I’m telling you I have to say also why this woman’s tweet has gone viral and why everybody’s jumped on the bandwagon,’ Drew began. ‘It’s because that show is becoming a franchise that might be one of the most respected in this industry. And that’s where people see you.’ Clearly shocked, Pam gasped: ‘Who, who would have thought?’ The White Lotus has been credited for being responsible for the Jenaissance – Jennifer Coolidge’s well deserved return to the spotlight. In January, she won a Golden Globe for her role and shows no sign of slowing down. The White Lotus is available to stream on NOW.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 