A wanted man who taunted police with a series of cheeky social media posts and videos has been caught. Dean Manning, 34, gave updates on a private Facebook group he has created called ‘The Real Hunted’ where he teased officers. In one post, he wrote: ‘Let’s see how long it takes for me to be caught,’ and on Thursday he posted: ‘Still out here.’ Manning’s group, which references a popular TV show in which contestants must outrun ‘Hunters’, boasts more than 330 members. The short man, who stands 4ft 9ins tall, also posted to TikTok using the account name ‘Get Shorty 4.9’. In one video, he walks past a police station and says: ‘I shouldn’t really be here, should I?’ He angrily claimed in one video to be really up to 5ft 3ins tall in his heels and that he would have handed himself in earlier if police had not decided to publicise his wrong height. But his time on the run has now come to an end. A Norfolk Police spokesperson said: ‘Police would like to thank the media and the public for their help with this appeal.’ Manning had been missing since January 26 and was wanted on recall to prison for breaching the terms of his licence. He was jailed for 18 months in March 2022 after attacking his ex-partner while high on drugs and alcohol and is serving part of his sentence on licence. He had posted a Tik Tok video shortly before his arrest appealing for his followers to give him money, saying: ‘I will keep this going as long as I can, but I need funds.’ Manning has no fixed abode and has links to Norwich, Norfolk, Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk and Cambridgeshire. Mandy Proctor, chief executive of domestic abuse charity Leeway, said: “This type of behaviour can have a negative impact on the survivor and will feel like a continuation of the abuse they have already experienced. ‘It takes great courage for someone to reach out for support or to report domestic abuse, and incidences like this can deter other people from coming forward. ‘It is important that perpetrators are held to account for their actions, sending out a strong message that domestic abuse is not tolerated and encouraging other people experiencing it to come forward. ‘We would encourage anyone experiencing domestic abuse to reach out for support, as well as looking out for friends and family.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.