It was a rainy Saturday in Leicester when my 22-year-old self decided to open a Help to Buy ISA at the bank – with what I assume was a record low deposit of £1. I’d been waiting for a few minutes, and was trying to silently, albeit unsuccessfully, wish away the emotions I could feel rising up my face; heating my cheeks and filling my eyes to the brim with tears. ‘Are you OK?’ asked the nice, blonde lady at the branch I was visiting. It was one of those questions that she obviously knew the answer to, but if she hadn’t asked, the awkwardness of me fighting back tears with a lump in my throat would have hung in the air like a bad smell. ‘All good,’ were the words I managed to muster, and we carried on as if I hadn’t made the energy in the room weird. HSBC has, unsurprisingly, never been a place I’ve felt all that emotional – unless I was maybe checking my bank balance. But, there was something about doing a mundane, yet significant adult task, that reminded me of who I didn’t have with me in these moments. My weepy haze continued throughout the day and while I couldn’t fathom the feeling then, I know now what it was all too well. I was grieving – only 19 years late. I lost my mother to breast cancer when I was just three years old. It was sudden, intense and devastated my whole family. It was especially difficult for my brother, who was a few years older than me at the time, and my dad – who was just 37. I don’t remember this period of time at all. But, this means I don’t remember my mum at all either. Growing up with just my dad and brother has always felt exceptionally normal to me. In spite of my predominantly male household, I was never deprived of anything ‘girly’ – my favourite colour is still pink – nor was I forced to enjoy football. I did, however, have to figure out a lot for myself – being a teenage girl is no easy experience, especially when trying to navigate it without the consistent presence of a woman who has already been through it. And, while this life I’ve lived has always seemed normal to me, I have always felt an emptiness and resentment for having to exist without my mum; for not being able to contact her, for not being able to ask the small questions that gives you an insight into someone. What was her favourite colour? Or her favourite food to eat hungover? Or even her go-to karaoke song? Grief, to me, has always felt like I was missing something I never got to have, rather than mourning someone who was always there. And somehow, this has always manifested itself in spontaneous crying in random public places. You’d think I’d have certain triggers, such as seeing something that reminds me of this loss – like watching a Mum lovingly looking after her young daughter – but honestly, I think it is completely random and often, never good timing. I devour the memories offered to me by the people who knew and loved her – the ‘did you know’ and ‘did I ever tell you’ tales from relatives. Like the story of how her and my Dad met (in a nightclub in Liverpool), or how she was a terrible driver and even crashed her car into a wall (which turned out to be a prominent landmark), or how there was hundreds of people at her funeral – because that’s how much she was loved. They are stories I have heard thousands of times, but I relish in every retelling. Most commonly, I am told I look just like my mum  – which is the biggest compliment I can imagine. Apparently, I’ve inherited her long legs, her face and the ability to fall asleep with ease on any method of public transport. And of course, it delights me to know that these parts of my Mum aren’t gone, but with me. But while I’ve always been told I’m the image of my mum, I’ve never reminded anyone of her personality-wise. Her carefree attitude is not something I was able to obtain – in fact I think I developed pretty much the opposite approach, constantly worrying about things I said or did weeks, months, years ago – typically cringing at saying, ‘you too’ to the waiter after they say, ‘enjoy your meal’. When you grieve someone important to you that you never really knew, someone you are almost a shadow of, I think you try to live up to the amazing impression they left on others. I have always felt a sadness that I don’t have every personality trait of my mother’s. Would I have been a happier person if I did? A more liked or accepted one? Would my life be better? I don’t think about my mum every day, but when I do, these are thoughts that have plagued me – even though it’s a pressure only I’ve applied to myself. Ultimately, I think it’s a part of my grieving that I’ve had to accept. Grief is inconsistent. It is not linear, we don’t only feel exceptionally sad immediately after someone dies before never thinking of them again. We might feel exceptionally sad, then fine for a while, then terrible all over again because one thing has reminded us of them. And grief isn’t just about sadness, especially if you didn’t really know the person you were grieving. There’s a whole cocktail of emotions that comes with it; confusion about why it happened to you, irrational anger towards those who it hasn’t happened to, and the despair of having to feel this all at once. We might put ourselves on pedestals to live up to the memory of a person we never knew, just to feel close to them. You might even find yourself crying in an HSBC on a rainy day for what seems like no reason at all. Then realise, when you’re in a much more stable place days later, that what you were crying for wasn’t for no reason at all, but because of grief. While I’ve never truly known my mum, she lives on in the people that are still here, who are generous enough to share their memories of her. Maybe I’ll only ever know an echo of her, or the shadow of the existence she had. But what I do know is that I was loved incredibly by her and brought into the world to experience it as only myself, and no one else. And, knowing that she (and all my relatives) would want me to live as who I am – as authentically as possible – is enough reason for me to be satisfied with not being exactly like her – and helps make sense of what grief is for me. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : ‘It helps me cope with grief’: Knitters on why they’ll never put down the needle MORE : Before I heard Prince Harry speak about memory loss through grief, I thought I was on my own MORE : I tried a ‘wild’ retreat with grief rituals, ecstatic dance, silent nature walks, and cacao ceremonies – here’s how it went