North Korea has threatened to take strong action, after South Korea and the US announced a series of military drills. Calling them ‘arch criminals’, the North Korean Foreign Ministry warned the countries ‘face unprecedentedly persistent and strong counteractions’ over the planned 11-day exercise. Washington and Seoul say they conduct drills in the area to hone their joint response to the North’s nuclear and military threats, though Pyongyang views them as an invasion rehearsal. The ministry said: ‘In case the US and South Korea carry into practice their already announced plan for military drills that [North Korea], with just apprehension and reason, regards as preparations for an aggression war, they will face unprecedentedly persistent and strong counteractions.’ The north has accused the decades-long allies of planning more than 20 military drills, including their largest-ever field exercises, calling them ‘arch-criminals deliberately disrupting’ regional peace and stability. ‘The Korean Peninsula and the region will be again plunged into the grave vortex of escalating tension’, it added. North Korea has halted weapons testing since firing a short-range missile on 1 January, having launched a record 70 in 2022. Friday’s firey warning suggests Pyongyang could resume testing missiles in response to the drills. Some experts say North Korea is aiming to develop a large nuclear arsenal to win international recognition as a nuclear power and get sanctions relief, alongside other concessions. They also believe the North uses South Korea-US military manoeuvres as a pretext to test and perfect its weapons systems. Seoul and Washington say their training is defensive in nature. The 11-day exercise – planned for mid-March – will help the countries’ military forces prepare for a possible North Korean nuclear threat, plus learn lessons from the Ukraine war, according to South Korea’s Deputy Defence Minister. It will set up potential scenarios where North Korea uses nuclear weapons, explore how to cope with them militarily and formulate crisis management plans. Deputy Defence Minister Heo Tae-keun said the exercise would be bigger than those held in recent years. Regular drills have been downsized or cancelled since 2020, owing to the Covid-19 pandemic and now-frozen diplomatic efforts to curb the North’s nuclear programme. Regional tensions ramped up last year after Pyongyang passed a law authorising a preemptive nuclear strike and tested nuclear-capable missiles capable of hitting the South. Faced with these intensifying threats, South Korea and the US have stepped up military drills and increased pressure on the North to abandon its missile programme. In January, US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin said his country would deploy more advanced weapons, including fighter jets and bombers, to the Korean Peninsula. He reiterated warnings that any attack against the US or its allies would result in the end of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un’s regime. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.