Manchester United will learn their Europa League last-16 opponents in Friday’s draw after seeing off Barcelona at Old Trafford, though they cannot face Arsenal just yet. Thursday night’s knockout round play-off tie was finely poised after a 2-2 draw at Camp Nou last week and Erik ten Hag’s side fell behind inside the first 20 minutes. But an inspired second-half performance full of verve and attacking intent saw Brazilian duo Fred and Antony net to secure a 2-1 victory on the night (and 4-3 on aggregate). United can now turn their attention to who they will face in the next round, with the in-form Red Devils likely to face a slightly less illustrious opponent. After overcoming Champions League drop-outs Barca, they can now face one of seven seeded teams who each won their Europa League groups. At this stage of the tournament, however, clubs from the same association cannot be drawn against each other so a potential clash between United and Arsenal will have to wait until the quarter-final onwards. There is a curious situation whereby United could face Real Sociedad yet again, with the Spanish side having topped Group E on goal difference after winning 1-0 at Old Trafford – though they lost the reverse fixture by the same scoreline. Arsenal, meanwhile, can take on any of the unseeded sides, which are those teams who came through Thursday’s knockout play-offs – either Europa League runners-up or Champions League drop-outs. Despite being seeded, that actually means they could be drawn against some powerhouses of European football, including Juventus, Sevilla, Roma and Sporting – who gave Arsenal’s north London rivals Tottenham a torrid time in the Champions League. The Europa League last 16 draw will take place on Friday, February 24 and, as ever, the ceremony will be hosted at UEFA’s headquarters, the House of European Football, in Nyon, Switzerland. The draw will begin at 12pm local time (11am UK time) and will be available to watch live on BT Sport or UEFA’s website. Round of 16 ties will be played on the 9th and 16th of March, with the quarter and semi-final draw following the next day. Arsenal are at home to Bournemouth before the first leg then away to Fulham afterwards, with Crystal Palace visiting the Emirates after the second leg. United, meanwhile, face a difficult trip to Anfield on the Sunday before their first-leg clash then host Southampton afterwards, while another tricky away fixture against Brighton follows the second leg. MORE : Manchester United grant special request from supporters ahead of kick-off against Barcelona MORE : Bukayo Saka to become Arsenal’s highest-paid player as he agrees to extend deal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 