Manchester United have completed a deadline day swoop for Bayern Munich midfielder Marcel Sabitzer, who joins the club on loan until the end of the season. The Red Devils were dealt a massive blow earlier in the day after Christian Eriksen was ruled out until the end of April at the earliest with an ankle injury but they moved promptly to bring in a short-term replacement. Sabitzer will move to Old Trafford on loan until June 2023 and the deal does not include a buy option, with the two clubs unable to agree on a fee. United failed to fully wrap up the deal before Tuesday’s 11pm deadline but submitted a deal sheet which granted them an additional hour to finalise all the paperwork. Shortly after midnight, United confirmed the signing with Sabitzer – the first Austrian to play at Old Trafford – jumping at the opportunity to play for the Red Devils. ‘Sometimes in life you have to make quick and important decisions. From the moment I heard about this opportunity I knew it was right for me,’ he told the club’s official website. ‘I am a competitive player; I want to win and help the club achieve its aims this season. ‘I feel that I am at my peak as a player, and that I can contribute a lot of experience and energy to the squad. I am excited to start with my new team-mates and manager and to show my qualities to Manchester United fans.’ United’s Football Director John Murtough added: ‘Marcel is a player that we have watched for a long time. The opportunity arose quickly, and we knew that he was someone with the ability and character to make an impact. ‘He adds further quality to our squad and experience to the dressing room, and all of us are pleased to be welcoming him to Manchester United.’ The former RB Leipzig midfielder was spotted arriving at Munich Airport on Tuesday evening and flew to Manchester, with rival interest from Chelsea never followed up on after they agreed a British record fee with Benfica for Enzo Fernandez. United had actually looked into the possibility of signing the 28-year-old last summer and made a fresh enquiry to Bayern after Eriksen’s injury, while they also asked about the possibility of signing Ryan Gravenberch. Even though the Dutch youngster – who worked under Erik ten Hag at Ajax – has yet to start a Bundesliga match for Bayern yet, the German giants wanted to keep him. By comparison, Sabitzer has played 15 times in the league for Bayern, as well as playing in all six group matches in the Champions League, but he was deemed surplus to requirements. Speaking before the move was confirmed, Roger Wittmann, CEO of German agency Rogon who represent Sabitzer, said his client was desperate to join a club where he would have more first-team opportunities. He told Sky Germany: ‘It’s clear that he wants to play. He’s a top player, not just any player. ‘All I can say is that Marcel is the most uncomfortable player when he’s not playing. He’s the most uncomfortable player when he’s losing, that’s that The decisive factor. ‘In terms of character, he’s a killer, the boy. That’s what players look like who always want to win and that’s where the coach has to check who should be playing at Bayern.’ MORE : Manchester United approach for Ryan Gravenberch turned down by Bayern Munich MORE : Jadon Sancho set for return to Manchester United matchday squad for first time since October For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 