Dan Walker has shared that when he returned home from hospital following his grisly bike accident, he struggled to go to sleep for some much-needed rest. However, he used that time to look at the thousands of messages he’d received wishing him better for his recovery, admitting how moved he felt by the outpouring of support. On Monday, the Channel 5 presenter revealed that he had been struck by a car while riding his bike, leaving his face covered in blood as he was taken to hospital in an ambulance. He was subsequently replaced for 5 News that evening, before admitting that he had ‘no memory’ of the incident. In an update shared on his Instagram Story, the 45-year-old suspected that him finding it hard to go to sleep might have been down to the amount of medication that he’d been put on. He wrote: ‘Can’t sleep… too many drugs I think,’ alongside a cry-laughing emoji. ‘Just reading through some of the 1000s of messages today.’ The former BBC broadcaster continued: ‘Thank you so much. It’s so kind of you all. If my eyes weren’t so swollen I might have a little cry. Thank you!’ Several stars have reached out to Dan to share their support, including his frequent TV rival Piers Morgan. Reacting to the pictures of Dan’s face covered in blood, Piers, 57, tweeted: ‘Actually, a slight aesthetic improvement… glad you’re OK mate.’ Other celebrities who expressed sympathy over the presenter’s injuries included Motsi Mabuse, Tom Fletcher, John Whaite and Rose Ayling-Ellis. After the collision, Dan was absent from yesterday’s 5 News, with Tessa Chapman taking his place. Speaking at the end of the programme, the stand-in host said: ‘All of the team wish him a quick recovery and send him all of our best wishes.’ It’s unclear when Dan will return to 5 News, which airs weekdays from 5pm on Channel 5. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan has the most Piers Morgan response to Dan Walker’s post-accident update MORE : Dan Walker’s Channel 5 replacement wishes him ‘quick recovery’ after bike crash left presenter feeling ‘glad to be alive’ 