Matty Healy has mocked Yungblud after the musician appeared to called him out for his controversial podcast appearance. The 1975 singer was widely criticised for his comments on The Adam Friedland Show earlier this month when he labeled Harry Styles a ‘queerbaiter’, joked about women’s periods and did impressions of Chinese accents while debating New York rapper Ice Spice’s heritage. Following the appearance, Yungblud seemed to take aim at Matty as he tweeted: ‘Love listening to three privileged white dudes sit around and objectify a young black female artist who’s blowing up. welcome to your 30’s i guess … (sic)’ Although Matty has largely kept quiet on the issue the past week or so, he took aim at the Tongue Tied hitmaker on Instagram over the weekend. First, he shared a clip of Yungblud reading a book and smoking a cigarette on stage, and captioned his Instagram Story: ‘I feel a bit responsible and i am really sorry. (sic)’ In another video, he didn’t directly name the singer but appeared to mock his northern accent while impersonating the singer with a black and white filter and the word ’emo’ on his cheeks. In the spoof, he ranted: ‘You alright guys, I’m so f**kin’ angry. ‘Someone’s blown themselves up in the Ukraine and eh we’re not gonna stand for that because we’re the underrated youth f**king generation and that’s what we stand for.’ The latter was a thinly-veiled referenced to Yungblud’s 2019 EP The Underrated Youth. Matty, still putting on the accent, continued: ‘I don’t stand for stuff, I stand against stuff… I just stand against stuff and it tends to be the most morally obvious stuff… f**k the patriarchy!’ Yungblud has mentioned Matty in the past, having previously told Rolling Stone that he relates differently to the likes of The 1975 and Arctic Monkeys. He said: ‘They’re such a different generation to me. When they speak, they’re profound now. I don’t want to be profound yet, I want to be on the f**king tarmac, on the ground. ‘I love Matty [Healy] and I love Alex [Turner] but I don’t relate to them as much as I used to. They’re older and it’s all very serious.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Matty Healy and Yungblud for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Yungblud thinks sex will ‘save the world’ MORE : Matty Healy gives uncharacteristically tame speech at Brit Awards – and fans are gobsmacked 