A former college student has pleaded guilty to killing one man and injuring another with a samurai sword. Peter Manfredonia, 26, pleaded guilty to charges of murder, assault, and home invasion in a Newtown, Connecticut courtroom on Wednesday. His attorneys agreed to a plea deal involving a 55-year prison sentence for the man who lead police on a chase across five states. Manfredonia is also expected to plead guilty to the second murder charge against him in a separate case on February 16. The attacks happened in 2020, when Manfredonia was a student at the University of Connecticut. Prosecutors argued that Manfredonia used a samurai sword to kill Ted DeMers, a 62-year-old man who lived in Willington. DeMers and another man 80-year-old man saw Manfredonia walking on the side of the road and offered to give him a ride. The attack also left the older man seriously injured – he lost part of an ear and several fingers. The same day, Manfredonia broke into another man’s home in Willington and held him hostage for about a day. He took off 24 hours later with the man’s truck, firearms, and food. At this point, police began searching for Manfredonia. The truck he stole was found abandoned at Osbornedale State Park. They then searched for Manfredonia at the home of one of his childhood friends, Nicholas Eisele of Derby, Connecticut. They arrived to find Eisele dead from gunshot wounds and his girlfriend missing. According to Eisele’s girlfriend, Manfredonia had kidnapped her and forced her to drive him out-of-state after stealing $5,000 – $7,000 from the couple. Eisele’s girlfriend took Manfredonia as far as a truck stop in Columbia, New Jersey before After a multi-state manhunt, Manfredonia was finally captured by police in Hagerstown, Maryland five days after killing DeMers about 390 miles away. Manfredonia’s family told investigators that he suffered from mental health issues, but had never been violent before. But images that circulated after his arrest cast doubt on Manfredonia’s mental state. In one image taken from the attacker’s dorm room in 2019, Manfredonia scrawled cryptic messages all over his walls and doorway. In huge letters above his door, Manfredonia wrote: ‘I’m not angry. I’m upset.’ Perhaps the most disturbing message read: ‘We saw what happened when Adam snapped. We saw what happened when Thanos snapped. Now see what happens when I snap.’ The name ‘Adam’ appears to be a reference to Sandy Hook shooter Adam Lanza, who was once Manfredonia’s neighbor in Newtown, Connecticut. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.