Eamonn Holmes has believes ‘no-one is interested’ in older, white men in the media landscape today. The broadcaster, who currently hosts GB News weekday morning programme Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel, previously presented GMTV for 12 years, before going on to lead Sky News Sunrise for eleven years between 2005 and 2016. From 2006 until August 2021, he co-hosted This Morning with his wife Ruth Langsford on Fridays, but joined GB News in 2021. Now Eamonn has said that he believes he falls into a category that is ‘bottom of the list’ when it comes to casting choices. ‘No one’s interested in casting you, no one’s interested in planning a programme around you, no one’s interested in your experience. You do not tick the right boxes for them in terms of your sexuality, your ethnicity,’ he said. ‘You’re bottom of the list, I think, when it comes to choices.’ Eamonn, 63, made the comments when appearing on the podcast How to Be 60 with Kaye Adams. In it Kaye, 60, also referred to a description of Holmes being ‘male, pale and stale’ and asked him: ‘Is it a hard time to be a white bloke in your sixties?’ ‘Oh gosh, yeah. Absolutely, without a doubt,’ he replied. He also explained how he was told in 2009 that his Radio 5 programme was ‘attracting the worst type of people’. Eamonn claimed that although his listenership ratings were ‘excellent’, an executive told him they wanted to pursue a younger audience. ‘You’re attracting older people, and we don’t want that,’ he said he was told. Clearly not impressed, Eamonn recalled telling the executive exactly what he though. ‘I basically told him to f**k off, and that was the end of that.’ After being dropped from ITV’s This Morning in November 2021, Eamonn and Ruth were  replaced by Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary. Kaye later pointed out that there was a shift that was allowing groups of people who had been previously excluded from opportunities to be involved and “change the equilibrium” of the workplace. Last month, Ealmonn suggested some of his former colleagues were ‘dead’ to him. He said there were ‘evil people’ and the ‘only sort of enemy you want is a defeated enemy’. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eamonn Holmes reveals how a member of S Club 7 helped him during excruciating health issues MORE : Eamonn Holmes relies on crutches as he leaves GB News studios in London following return to TV 