Dom Joly has revealed he’s prepared a revival of Trigger Happy TV with a major shake-up to the format. The hidden camera show was a hit in the early noughties and its most famous sketch saw the comedian shout ‘Hello!’ into a giant mobile phone in the most inappropriate places. While it has been a number of years since the show’s last outing, a Chrismas special in 2017, the 55-year-old has been working on a new version that he’s hoping will pique the interest of telly execs. He explained: ‘I spent a lot of time on Trigger Happy honing my skills annoying members of the public so now I’m going to take those skills and maybe take on something else. ‘I did a small reboot for Channel 4 before but there were two things I really wanted to do: one was a movie and the other was to try and get a completely new spin on Trigger Happy.’ The Fool Britannia star explained the reboot in the work as the ‘same sort of comedy’ but is being made for a ‘completely different purpose.’ He continued to The Sun: ‘So it’s the same sort of comedy, same sense of humour and the same people behind it but doing it for a completely different purpose and I think we’ve come up with a completely new format so it’s really exciting. ‘I’m just waiting for the green light but it’s going to be a really, really cool thing.’ Trigger Happy TV originally ran for three seasons on Channel 4 between 2000 and 2003. The prank show returned as a series of shorts on All 4 and for a Christmas special 13 years after it had ended. A second series of shorts on All 4 followed and a one-off special on E4 in 2017. Dom also used his Trigger Happy TV tricks and teamed up with the NHS for a helpline ad to highlight the importance of calling 111 for non-emergencies. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Furious Dom Joly confronts Tory MP over ‘disgusting’ response to Ukrainian refugee crisis in blistering attack on Question Time MORE : Frasier fans can’t cope as first script and episode title revealed in deleted tweet ahead of reboot 