A bomb was found just children playing football in Derry, Northern Ireland. More than 20 people can be seen standing metres away from where the ‘viable’ explosive had been left. Police located the device during a major security operation, which followed an attempted hijacking in the city on Friday. The force received a report that a delivery driver had been approached by three masked men armed with knives and a firearm before they ran off towards Corrody Road. Four men, aged 54, 29, 34 and 32 have since been arrested, and they remain in custody pending further enquiries. Derry City and Strabane area commander, chief superintendent Nigel Goddard said the bomb has been taken away for further examination. ‘A number of cordons remain in place as police continue to search the area as part of our investigation,’ he added. ‘We would like to thank the local community for their patience and understanding during this time. ‘This explosive device was recklessly left in a public area, just metres away from houses and a sports area where a number of children were playing football. ‘Four people have been arrested and a number of searches have been carried out by detectives investigating this incident and an attempted hijacking on Friday. ‘They remain in custody assisting us with our inquiries.’ Mr Goddard added: ‘Our focus remains firmly on keeping people safe against the threat posed by violent groups. ‘No matter what level of involvement people have with any criminal or terrorist activity, we will investigate and where appropriate, put people before the courts to answer for their actions. ‘Our investigation into this incident is ongoing, and we strongly urge anyone with information, suspicions or concerns about dangerous and illegal activity in our community to contact us on 101.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.