Graham Potter has confirmed that Mykhailo Mudryk was suffering from a cold during Chelsea’s goalless draw against Fulham on Friday night, with the Ukrainian withdrawn after just 45 minutes. The 22-year-old, who joined from Shakhtar Donetsk in an £88.5million deal last month, gave an electric display in his first appearance for the club, a 35-minute cameo against Liverpool last month. But he was rather less effective in his full debut against Fulham and was withdrawn at the break, with fellow January recruit Noni Madueke coming on in his place. Potter has now confirmed that the decision was not tactical and Mudryk had been feeling the effects of an illness which impacted his performance, while he is still building fitness after Shakhtar’s winter break. Speaking to beIN Sports after the game, he said of Mudryk’s poor first half and substitution: ‘It’s always that way sometimes with the young players. ‘He also had a really heavy cold as well. He’s suffered a little bit with that this week. ‘So he was just feeling a little heavy-legged at half-time. We didn’t want to take any risks with him. ‘We had some substitutes, I thought Noni Madueke came on and did really well as well, so that’s a positive for us.’ In a separate interview with Sky Sports, Potter added: ‘We didn’t want to take a chance with him. ‘He’s still in a process where we’re building up his minutes because of the break that he’s been on in Ukraine. So that was the decision there.’ Gary Neville was on commentary duty for the match and questioned the decision to sub off Mudryk, though he suspects such early changes could become a regular sight at Chelsea given the depth of their new-look squad and array of attacking options. Speaking on Sky Sports, he said: ‘They’ve got so many options. Mudryk is £80m odd, he’s had a pretty poor first half let’s be clear, but he’s off! ‘I suppose what happens when you’ve got those riches on the bench you may just get a little more itchy about getting your substitutes on quicker. Or maybe Mudryk has actually got an injury we don’t know yet. ‘It’s interesting. Would he hook him at half-time? An £80m signing? I can’t think he would, but if he has it’s a brave one. It certainly won’t help the confidence of the new signing.’ After hearing about Mudryk’s illness, Neville added after the game: ‘Mudryk wasn’t right the whole first half. I wondered at half-time, I said it would be a bit harsh for him to come off as an £80m odd signing if there wasn’t something wrong with him because you’re trying to put belief into players. But he wasn’t right, they had no rhythm in their performance at all Chelsea.’ Mudryk only touched the ball 19 times in the first half against Fulham, the lowest of any starter, and failed to create any chances or take a single shot. He also had the lowest pass success rate of any Chelsea player when he was withdrawn. MORE : Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang pictured in Milan after being dropped from Chelsea squad MORE : Pep Guardiola claims Manchester City have been unfairly targeted after Chelsea’s £320m spree in January For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 