Whether you waited patiently for episodes to air on a Tuesday evening or binge-watched them the minute they dropped on BBC iPlayer, the revival of Waterloo Road to our TV screens this year was a massive hit. And for those of us left wondering what’s in store next for old favourites Kim Campbell (Angela Griffin) and Donte Charles (Adam Thomas), as well as some of this series’ new faces including Preston Walters (Noah Valentine), Kelly Jo Rafferty (Alicia Forde) and Lindon King (Vincent Jerome) – it looks like you might not have long to wait. Star Angela Griffin, whose character Kim Campbell faced a trying first term as head teacher, has shared a snap of herself in a lift on Twitter – with the lift in question apparently being on the set of Waterloo Road. ‘Back on set at @WaterlooRoad!’ she shared – to an enthusiastic response. ‘I can’t wait!!!!!’ said one fan, while another added, ‘Amazing!!!’ Angela’s co-star Kym Marsh, who plays dinner lady Nicky Walters, similarly shared a photo of herself on her Instagram story. Alongside a photo of a desk filled with makeup and hair products she wrote, ‘Work time!!! #waterlooroad.’ The first seven episodes of the new series of the rebooted school drama followed new head teacher Kim Campbell – previously a school counsellor and art teacher in the original show which aired between 2006 and 2015 – as she settled into her new role. Her first day was a stormy one, as a riot at the school culminated in the shock death of another character who’d been brought into the show from the original series, Chlo Charles (Katie Griffiths). As the series unfolded we discovered how Chlo’s death impacted her family – husband Donte and children Izzi (Scarlett Thomas) and Tommy (Teddy Thomas). Other storylines included the behavioural issues experienced by volatile Kelly Jo Rafferty and Preston Walters’ eating disorder and the realisation that he was attracted to other men. The show’s executive producer, Cameron Roach, spoke about what he was hoping to achieve in the show ahead of its release in January. ‘It’s a show with a massive heart, massive integrity, but also has a kind of mischievous side to it as well,’ he said. ‘So those are the kind of core principles. ‘We all know that the UK and the world has been through massive change through the last two years and we’ve all experienced the pandemic. I also think this is a moment where education is such an important issue for all of us, for everyone in the country. ‘And teachers are superheroes. So it’s a much-needed show but we never want to be earnest or worthy. We want to be an entertaining brand for BBC One but I think that doesn’t mean we can’t deliver some important issues and I think the original show was created by a teacher and it is a campaigning show at its heart. ‘It’s done with authenticity and love but also it is an enjoyable ride as well. It’s balancing the two, really.’ It’s clearly a show that’s very close to Angela Griffin’s heart too, as she told us: ‘There’s so much love, so much time, so much effort, so much thought that’s gone into this, and hopefully that’s reflected in the show that comes out. ‘There’s been little moments as we’ve gone along where I’ve had the realisation that this is good and everyone’s great.’ And we’d have to agree. Roll on the next episodes! MORE : Adam Thomas shares sweet video of son Teddy breaking down after finding out he got Waterloo Road role MORE : Waterloo Road star Katie Griffiths on her ‘shock’ and ‘mixed emotions’ to Chlo’s death twist