Police are investigating trolls who hacked the social media accounts of the partner of Nicola Bulley. Lancashire Police – who found a body earlier today in the search for Nicola – said Paul Ansell’s Pinterest account was taken down after the posts. The account posted explicit photos of women, with topless pics and of an actor in a bikini, it has been reported. Lancashire Police has now said it is investigating the incident. A statement said: ‘Paul Ansell’s Pinterest account has been accessed by a third party and is being closed down. ‘We are investigating the matter.’ Nicola was last seen on January 27, and throughout the investigation police have slammed ‘amateur detectives’ who tried to take the search into their own hands. Yesterday a TikTok clip showed sleuths digging up woodland near where the mum vanished. Former Dorset police and crime commissioner Martyn Underhill blasted social media investigators for spreading ‘misleading theories’. Last week an influencer was arrested and charged with a public order offence after a confrontation with a local. TikTok ‘detective’ Dan Duffy, of Darwen, Lancashire, claims he was held by police for nearly a day after being arrested for a public order offence. The influencer, who posted footage of his arrest on YouTube, says he was also fined £90. Duffy, 36, is among several others who have tried to explore the area where Ms Bulley vanished from 20 days ago, and continued to do so after police warned on more than one occasion to leave it to detectives. A group were also slammed as ‘vigilantes’ by officers who were believed to have tried to enter a number of derelict properties along the River Wyre, claiming police hadn’t been conducting thorough enough searches. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.