Nicola Bulley’s partner left an emotional message on a yellow ribbon on the bridge near the river where she went missing. Paul Ansell was one of the first to attach a brightly-coloured bow to the Lancashire bridge, with many others following suit. Last week Mr Ansell said ‘nothing had been different’ the morning of her disappearance. He had put the kettle on and was about to start work when he was told she had seemingly vanished. While yesterday Nicola’s next-door neighbour Charlotte Drake, told Metro.co.uk that Paul ‘does not want to break down on camera in view of millions of people watching and where his kids may see it.’ She said: ‘He has to remain strong as he has to hold on to hope we will find Nikki.’ Last night Mr Ansell joined dozens of Nicola’s friends and family changed their profile pictures on Facebook to a snap with a yellow border. The photo is a shot of the 45-year-old, Paul, their two daughters and dog Willow with the border ‘Bring Nikki Home’. Nicola’s friend Emma White said it was an attempt to ‘turn Facebook yellow’. She wrote: ‘Thank you for all the kind words, prayers and thoughts to Nikki’s family and friends. ‘The search is still ongoing for that vital piece of information to find Nikki. ‘What we do have is love and strength driven from the hope, please share the love and #BringNikkiHome – turning Facebook yellow.’ On it he wrote: ‘Nikki I love you! XXXXX ‘Come home now!’ Photos show the dad-of-two surrounded by family and friends as he writes on the ribbon. Today, as the search for the mum-of-two reached its 19th day, more yellow bows lined the bridge. The public push for support comes after a witness said he saw two men acting suspiciously close to where Nicola went missing as she walked her dog. Police are said to have taken further CCTV footage from a garage close to the spot the mum-of-two was last seen in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. A witness is believed to have come forward after seeing the two men outside of a nearby church. Allegedly the same person told police he saw one of the men close to Ms Bulley’s usual route on the morning she vanished. Police this weekend announced an investigation into reports of a ‘shabby’ red van seen near where she went missing. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.