Dancing On Ice fans across the nation have been having their say on Joey Essex and Vanessa Bauer’s awkward kiss – and now Lorraine Kelly has chimed in with a brutal response. On Sunday evening, Joey, 32, and Vanessa, 26, took to the ice once again to perform a High School Musical-themed routine for movie week, making it through to the next stage of the competition. With the reality star taking on the role of Troy Bolton and his professional skating partner becoming Gabriella Montez, the performance oozed with romance as speculation continues over the state of their relationship in real life. At the end of their routine, Joey swooped in for a kiss, but a beaming Vanessa ducked out of the way seconds later, giggling as she pulled in her partner for a hug. On Tuesday’s Lorraine, the host welcomed judges Christopher Dean and Jayne Torvill into the studio to talk about Dancing On Ice, when, inevitably, the subject of the kiss came up. ‘He had a wee moment where the kiss didn’t quite go the way maybe it was supposed to,’ Lorraine said as the clip from the latest episode was shown. Imagining what was going through Vanessa’s mind, the TV presenter then added: ‘She’s like, “Get off me! Get off me you!”’ Christopher decided to steer the conversation away from Joey and Vanessa’s romance and back to their progression as a skating partnership, saying that they ‘have a really good relationship’. ‘They’re getting on really well. The thing is, Vanessa is pushing Joey all the time. Try this, try that,’ he said. ‘They had a bit of an accident on the weekend with a lift, but they’ve come back from that. Hopefully we’ll see bigger and better as they… the final three weeks, three weeks to go now.’ On Saturday, the former The Only Way Is Essex star shared a photo on his Instagram Story revealing that he’d suffered a leg injury. ‘Had better days…’ he wrote alongside the snap. However, it was quickly confirmed by ITV that he would be fit to compete the following day, and now he and Vanessa are in the final six. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Phillip Schofield mocks Joey Essex and Vanessa Bauer’s awkward Dancing On Ice kiss MORE : Who has Joey Essex dated and is he currently in a relationship? 