Kanye West’s $2.2million (£1.8million) LA home, situated eight miles from his ex-wife Kim Kardashian’s, has fallen into disrepair. Aerial shots of the property reveal walls have started to fall down and fences surrounding the multi-million dollar home have also collapsed. The 45-year-old rapper not only lived on the site but is also said to have used it as a headquarters for both Sunday Service and Donda Academy. Rubbish and abandoned items are strewn around Ye’s former home and what appears to be a 4×4 tank and barbeque smoker can also be made out in photographs. The Power rapper left the property in 2020 and it’s seemingly remained empty since. The $60m Calabasas mansion Ye’s ex Kim lives in with their four children isn’t too far away, and after their split, the Grammy-winner is said to have lived in the property with his then-girlfriend Irina Shayk, according to MailOnline. The outlet also reports that Ye scooped up the home, which sits on 1.25 acres, in 2018. The inside of the residence is said to feature ‘stunning floor-to-ceiling stacked-stone fireplace, beautiful inlaid hardwood floors, huge vaulted open-beam ceilings, and spacious ground-floor master suite with a walk-in closet and spa-style bath’. There are also ‘two detached guest units, [a] four car garage, [a] huge metal workshop or barn, corral, and plenty of space for pool or vineyard’. Elsewhere, the star is currently the main suspect in a battery investigation as he is accused of grabbing a phone from a woman’s hands and throwing it away, reports say. The musician was seen on camera arguing with a woman who refused to stop video recording or taking photographs of him as ‘you’re a celebrity.’ In the video, posted by TMZ, Kanye grabs the woman’s phone, who is sitting in a car in a parking lot, and throws it away before walking towards his own vehicle. It is unclear whether the woman is a professional photographer or a citizen looking to get footage of celebrities, however she was also snapped in the background of photos of Kim in the same area. In photos from the incident, the photographer in question can also be seen walking across a parking lot while escorted by two officers. TMZ reports that a law enforcement source confirmed Kanye has been named as the suspect in a battery investigation. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lizzo ‘hard launches’ boyfriend Myke Wright and they look smitten MORE : Adele’s only attending the Super Bowl just to fangirl over Rihanna and who can blame her?  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 