Jurgen Klopp has indicated that he has no intention of walking away from Liverpool following the defeat to Wolves on Saturday. Liverpool’s season hit a new low at Molineux as Wolves sealed a 3-0 victory, which leaves Klopp’s side in 10th place in the Premier League and 11 points behind fourth-placed Newcastle United. Some sections of Liverpool’s supporters are growing concerned that they could lose Klopp following the team’s woeful run of just one win in seven games. But the 55-year-old is adamant that he can get Liverpool back on track. When asked after the defeta if he has confidence in his own ability to improve Liverpool’s situation, Klopp replied: ‘Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely.’ Asked how he turns around Liverpool’s season, Klopp said: ‘Not in press conferences. That doesn’t help, obviously. ‘You know my job, I know my job, my job is not to explain here how I can build up my team. ‘I will be judged by that from you and that’s fine. ‘Let me say it like this, for today, it was not good enough, what I did.’ Klopp also described Liverpool’s start to their defeat against Wolves as the worst performance he’s seen ‘for a while’. ‘We had that subject [starting games slowly] through the first part of the season and now not so much anymore, but today it was, if you want, the pinnacle of our problems because in a game like this it is absolutely not allowed,’ Klopp said. ‘You can criticise, you can judge us, you can say whatever want and you are probably right – I have nothing to say against that because these 12 minutes are not allowed ‘ Coming here with all the things we did in the last few days – and during the whole season so far – with what we want, then you arrive here and this is the outcome, that’s really hard to take, I have to say. ‘We had other games with conceding early goals, we had that since the last season so it was now not that much anymore, but we didn’t win games so then it’s pretty likely when you lose games that you concede the first one. Again, these 12 minutes we were the worst for a while.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 