Aston Villa boss Unai Emery has hit out at Emiliano Martinez for joining the attack for a late corner in Saturday’s 4-2 defeat to Arsenal, gifting the visitors their fourth goal in the process. Villa twice took the lead in the day’s early kick-off, with fine goals from Ollie Watkins and Philippe Coutinho cancelled out by Bukayo Saka and Oleksandr Zinchenko respectively. Both teams hit the bar in a pulsating finale, but Arsenal finally went ahead when Jorginho’s stunning long-range effort rebounded off the woodwork and cruelly deflected back off Martinez for an own goal. In an effort to try and salvage the draw, Martinez went up for a late corner kick to Villa but left his goal unmanned, allowing Arsenal to spring a counter as Gabriel Martinelli tapped into an empty net. Emery has now given an explosive interview in which he criticised Martinez for going up for the corner and says he does not want him to do it again in the future. ‘I am frustrated, but I know our work here is taking time, being demanding, doing mistakes and learning from our mistakes,’ Emery told BT Sport after the game. ‘Something I have never told my goalkeeper [is to] go and score one goal in the 92nd minute. ‘Because maybe I don’t know the data, what it is, but maybe it’s one goal out of 100 [that goalkeepers score from corners]. ‘And maybe 20 times they [the opposition] are doing the transition and 10 times they will score a goal. And today, it happened. ‘For me, it’s not really being smart. It’s not really being consistent in how we want to play, how we want to compete. ‘Because we can play, we can lose 3-2… but 4-2? No, this is not good.’ Speaking in his post-match press conference, Emery added: ‘He decided himself to go up. They are the protagonists but I told him I don’t like it!’ Reflecting on the match more broadly after having suffered the same scoreline last week at home to Leicester, he continued: ‘Very disappointed, frustrated and very embarrassed as well to lose 2-4 at home again. ‘The same eight goals in two matches is not normal. Performances cannot continue like that. We didn’t keep going in our game plan with ball possession and to attack.’ MORE : Mikel Arteta mocks referee Simon Hooper during Arsenal’s win over Aston Villa MORE : Oleksandr Zinchenko reveals the ‘unbelievable lesson’ Arsenal learned in victory against Aston Villa For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 