The US has released a selfie by a pilot showing a clear image of the Chinese spy balloon before it was shot down. Taken from a U-2 spy plane cockpit, the selfie shows the balloon floating over the continental US as well as the shadow of the pilot’s aircraft. The US Defense Department unveiled the selfie on Wednesday, more than two weeks after President Joe Biden ordered the balloon to be shot down. A pilot took the selfie on February 3, when the balloon was floating near Kansas. The US downed the balloon the following day. A few days later, CNN reported that a selfie taken in the cockpit had ‘gained legendary status in both NORAD (North American Aerospace Defense Command) and the Pentagon’. The U-2 is a high-altitude reconnaissance and surveillance aircraft with one seat. ‘It delivers critical imagery and signals intelligence to decision makers throughout all phases of conflict, including peacetime indications and warnings, low-intensity conflict, and large-scale hostilities,’ according to the Air Force. U-2 planes have ‘glider-like characteristics’ and are usually ‘flown at altitudes over 70,000 feet’, according to the Air Force. Pilots are required to ‘wear a full pressure suit similar to those worn by astronauts’. The US first spotted the balloon on January 28. China claimed that it was only a weather research ‘airship’ blown off course. But the State Department stated that fly-bys showed that the ‘high-altitude balloon was capable of conducting signals intelligence collection operations’. The US earlier this month released several photos of the shot-down balloon being retrieved by Navy divers in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of South Carolina. One of those images, taken in the dark, showed nine Navy crew members dragging white plastic material and tubes on board a small boat. Another photo depicted ten crew members pulling white material as their vessel tilted, with a second boat next to it. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.