Lady Susan Hussey has seemingly made a return to her royal duties, despite being embroiled in a public race row. The late Queen’s lady-in-waiting resigned from her role last November, after domestic abuse campaigner Ngozi Fulani revealed the 83-year-old had repeatedly asked her where she was ‘really from’. But Lady Susan was reportedly asked to represent Princess Anne at the memorial service for Dame Frances Campbell-Preston on Tuesday. The event, held to commemorate the 104-year-old courtier, author and former lady-in-waiting, was held at the Royal Hospital in Chelsea, south London. Sources quoted by the Daily Mail said: ‘Lady Susan was formally asked to represent the Princess Royal at the service. ‘She was more than happy to do so. Her official position was recorded in the order of service. It’s great to see her back in the royal fold.’ Lady Susan was also seen using the staff entrance to Buckingham Palace on Tuesday morning. But her role was left off the Court Circular – a daily newsletter which records all official royal duties. The only mention of the memorial service was the Earl of Rosslyn’s representation of Charles and Camilla at the event. It has reportedly been claimed only those who act on behalf of the King and Queen Consort are recorded in the Court Circular. But this does not seem to be the case as there are several examples of other family members being represented over the last few months, including Princess Anne. Metro.co.uk has contacted Buckingham Palace for comment. Lady Susan stood down from her role after her remarks at a Palace reception for domestic violence leaders were posted on social media. Ms Fulani wrote on Twitter that Lady Susan repeatedly asked where she was from, despite her continued response that she was British. ‘Oh, I can see I am going to have a challenge getting you to say where you’re from,’ she reportedly said. Lady Susan, Prince William’s godmother, later apologised in person to Ms Fulani, who founded the charity Sistah Space. The two women met at the palace again, with an official statement saying: ‘At this meeting, filled with warmth and understanding, Lady Susan offered her sincere apologies for the comments that were made and the distress they caused to Ms Fulani. ‘Lady Susan has pledged to deepen her awareness of the sensitivities involved and is grateful for the opportunity to learn more about the issues in this area.’ Lady Susan was seen out in public with the Royal Family for the first time since the drama in January. She joined King Charles and Princess Anne at a church service at the royal Norfolk estate Sandringham. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.