Sam Smith has Sex and the City fans in bits after teasing an appearance on season two of the spin-off And Just Like That. So far, we know that filming for the second season of the revival is well under way, with the return of Aiden (John Corbett) already pictured snogging Carrie Bradshaw (Sarah Jessica Parker) in New York City. And now, it looks like Sam could be making an appearance too – and we can’t wait. The singer posted a series of snaps from the set in the Big Apple, with the caption: ‘Up to something Unholy on set’. In one picture, they popped their head out of a trailer, while another showed them posing in some black sunglasses. As if that wasn’t enough, the post was also shared on Instagram by the official Instagram account of the hit HBO show. Fans can barely contain their excitement, with one writing: ‘I CANNOT HANDLE THIS’, while another penned: ‘Living for this’. Sam’s tease comes after Sarah Michelle Geller pitched a comeback for her character. Debbie popped up in season three of Sex and The City when Carrie flew to Los Angeles because her columns were being optioned for a movie. Remembering her cameo, the scream queen revealed scheduling issues always got in the way of her appearing in her dream show alongside Sarah, Kim Cattrall, Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon. ‘I was desperate to be on it and [creator] Darren [Starr] had written me a couple roles and I couldn’t get out of Buffy to film and I was really upset,’ she told Entertainment Tonight. Lining up a potential return, she continued: ‘I feel like the [development] girl, which is what she was then, is probably running a studio and maybe she has a place to come back. ‘Michael Patrick King, are you listening?’ And Just Like That is expected to return to Sky Comedy and NOW in 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Claudia Fogarty erupts at Casey O’Gorman on Movie Night after finally watching him straddle Cynthia Otseh-Taiwo at Casa Amor MORE : Mindhunter fans reignite petition with nearly 10,000 signatures begging for season three after axe confirmed 