A pub which once barred Colin Farrell for his alleged ‘outrageous behaviour’ is now happily letting him drink there again. The Oscar-nominated actor was banned from the boozer back in 1997, but publican Adrienne MacCarthy has spoken about their special friendship that’s developed, helped in part by his recent return to Castletownbere, County Cork. She had initially booted the then 19-year-old out of MacCarthy’s Bar in Cork, Ireland, in the 1990s having ‘grown sick’ of his antics over a three-month period. But the 46-year-old returned a few years later when filming the 2009 film Ondine and Adrienne was cleaning out the airing cupboard, and she ended up reversing the ban. The pair are now good friends, with the actor recently visiting during a road trip in September with his teenage son, Henry, along the Wild Atlantic Way. Of their initial relationship, Adrienne claimed: ‘He was new out of acting school, and he came down for three months. ‘He had wild times and at 19 we’re all wild and misbehave. But really after three months of it I just got a bit sick of it. ‘He was outrageous, so I had enough and said, “That’s it, you’re out!”’ When the star then came back to film Ondine, over a decade later, he revisited the pub. After Colin popped his head around the door, Adrienne recalled that he had ‘wanted to see if the bar was the same and if the pugs are still here’. She added: ‘Colin said he couldn’t quite remember being barred, but we had a laugh about it. ‘We understand each other now and have come to an agreement. He’s just normal and down to earth.’ Although she recalled him having been a wild child back then, she said that ‘nowadays he’s more interested in pilates, yoga and healthy living’. However, she confirmed that they were ‘proud of him no matter what’. The Irish star of movies including In Bruges and The Batman is up for Best Actor at next month’s Oscars for his part as a spurned pal in The Banshees of Inisherin, alongside fellow Irish actor Paul Mescal for his turn as a young single dad in Aftersun. Colin’s Irish co-stars from Banshees are also all up for Oscars, with Brendan Gleeson, 67, and Barry Keoghan, 30, up for Best Supporting Actor, and Kerry Condon, 40, in the Best Supporting Actress race. Metro.co.uk has contacted a rep for Colin Farrell for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Liam Gallagher thought Mo Gilligan’s cheeky impression of him was Supersonic MORE : Dionne Warwick leads tributes to ‘dear friend and musical partner’ Burt Bacharach after composer’s death aged 94 