February is here and if you’re after some new TV content then no look further as there are some treats to be had this week. This week we have an anticipated documentary airing on Netflix – Pamela, A Love Story. It sees Pamela Anderson tell her story in her own words through personal videos and diaries. We also have the return of drama series Your Honor. It stars Bryan Cranston, as embattled judge Michael Desiato. This season explores the consequences of what happens when the law takes the law into its own hands. Read on for more small-screen recommendations. You’ll be either relieved or disappointed, depending on your point of view, that Sebastian Stan’s talking penis does not make an appearance in this documentary. It’s the authorised story of Baywatch star Pamela Anderson, who has full involvement following her disavowal of the liberties taken by drama Pam & Tommy. Available now. We use the word ‘quirky’ sparingly but that’s the most apt description for this documentary that follows what happened when eccentric German Countess Carlotta Von Liebenstein left her vast fortune to Gunther, her German shepherd in 1992. A fortune that now belongs to Gunther IV, if this shaggy dog story is to be believed. Available today. A horrific plane crash – brought so chillingly to life you’ll be on the edge of your seat – is the jumping-off point for this multi-storied ensemble drama from Jason (Friday Night Lights) Katims. At the centre of the storm is Edward (impressive newcomer Colin O’Brien), the 12-year-old boy who is the only survivor of the crash and whose story resonates powerfully with anyone struggling with a sense of loss. First three episodes available Friday then released weekly. Bryan Cranston returns as embattled judge Michael Desiato, whose panic-stricken efforts to dig his errant son out of a dangerous hole in season one saw him land in a right old pickle. This season explores the consequences of what happens when the law takes the law into its own hands. First three episodes available Friday then released weekly. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is in the cast of the new Netflix detective series Lockwood & Co? MORE : Catherine Zeta-Jones admits Netflix series Wednesday ‘turned out better than anybody anticipated’