Vanessa Feltz is reportedly lined-up for Celebs Go Dating after announcing her split from fiancé Ben Ofoedu. The TV personality, 60, confirmed this week that her relationship with Phats and Small singer Ben, 50, who she became engaged to in 2006, was over. She has since emotionally shared updates with fans, saying her heart ‘snapped into a million pieces’ and she’s been left unable to sleep. But it’s now been reported that Vanessa is in line to star on the Channel 4 dating show, which has seen the likes of Liam Reardon and Ulrika Jonsson. A source said: ‘Vanessa is top of the wish list when it comes to casting. ‘Talks with potential cast mates are going to begin next month and producers are willing to throw big money Vanessa’s way in a bid to get her to sign on the dotted line.’ The insider continued to The Sun: ‘She’s been so brave and dignified with how she has dealt with this break-up, and the nation absolutely love her. ‘Everyone wants to see her find her happy ending, she really deserves it, so bosses are confident it would be a real ratings winner if she agreed to get on board.’ The source added that it ‘remains to be seen whether Vanessa will take them up on their offer’. This comes after Vanessa admitted she felt ‘terribly humiliated’ as soon as the news came to light, after reports that their relationship was recently hit by infidelity claims, with Vanessa reportedly discovering social media messages between Ben and other women. ‘I’ve had millions of messages from people going through it, it’s horrible really,’ she told This Morning’s Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on Wednesday. ‘I can’t sleep at all, so reading thousands of messages on Instagram is something to do at night.’ Vanessa – who is a regular on the ITV daytime show – later encouraged fans at home to phone in to share how they dealt with heartbreak. ‘Help me out,’ she joked. She added: ‘But if you got stuff that you want to tell me, I’d be really grateful to receive it, because I really feel like I’m in the eye of the storm at the moment. I haven’t got to the bit where I can look back on it, I’m right in it.’ Metro.co.uk has approached Channel 4 and Vanessa’s reps for comment. Celebs Go Dating is available to watch on All4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ulrika Jonsson offers Vanessa Feltz breakup advice following ‘agony’ of split from fiancé Ben Ofoedu after 16 years MORE : ‘Humiliated’ Vanessa Feltz turns to This Morning viewers for ‘heartbreak advice’ after shock split from Ben Ofoedu 