The family of a 4-year-old girl who was mauled to death by her dog have described the incident as an ‘unthinkable tragedy’. Alice Stones was attacked by the animal in the back garden of her home in Milton Keynes on Tuesday, with mum Louise overheard screaming ‘she’s dead, she’s dead’. Paramedics arriving at the scene called police, who dispatched a marksman to shoot the dog dead. A group describing themselves as relatives and friends of the girl are raising funds towards the funeral and her mum’s living expenses. In an update on Thursday, they thanked ‘everyone who has donated, shared or sent their condolences during this horrendous time’. They added: ‘Nothing has gone unnoticed and they are overwhelmed with the love felt by the community during this unthinkable tragedy.’ Residents reportedly described the animal as an American bulldog, a muscular breed known to become aggressive if not properly socialised or trained. The family were said to have owned it for six to eight weeks prior to the incident, suggesting it was bought as an adult or large puppy. Neighbours told local media they initially thought the commotion was from a loud television. One said: ‘At first I thought the noise was from someone’s telly but it just went on and on, like a high-pitched squeal. ‘I opened my window and could just hear screaming and sobbing. I didn’t know what was going on. ‘My friend who lives nearer the house says she heard a woman shouting “my baby, she’s dead, she’s dead” over and over. It’s just awful.’ More than £3,000 have been raised so far via Gofundme. No arrests have been made, and the family is being supported by specialist officers. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.