Showbiz’s glittering celebrities were out in full force to celebrate at the EE British Academy Film Awards 2023 Vanity Fair Rising Star Bafta’s pre-party at JOIA in London on Thursday night. Leading the arrivals, Nicola Roberts, Emily Atack, Dermot O’Leary and AJ Odudu turned heads in shimmering attire as they walked the red carpet. Following the release of her emotive documentary on abuse – Emily Atack: Asking for It – Emily donned a gorgeous black feather-trim midi dress and stood proud in matching stiletto heels. The 33-year-old television presenter flashed her teeth for the cameras and chose a bronzed makeup palette that showed off her natural features and paired her look with nude lipstick. She opted for an up-do and pulled her blonde tresses into a bun as she flaunted her stunning ensemble ahead of the highly-anticipated event. Former Girls Aloud singer Nicola turned up wearing a glitzy burgundy mini-dress, sheer tights and chunky block heels. The 37-year-old musician sported a pointer-straight hair-do and held a bucket bag by her side. Presenter AJ wore a sequined purple bow top that featured cut-outs and showed off her striking figure. She paired the statement piece with black slacks, heels and a clutch bag in the shape of lips. Dermot put on his usual suit and tie ensemble and posed for pictures alongside his wife Dee Koppang who turned heads in a fur-trimmed pale yellow duster coat. Announced during a press conference at The Savoy Hotel in London, BAFTA EE Rising Star Award organisers read out their five nominees for 2023. They included Naomi Ackie, Sheila Atim, Emma Mackey, Daryl McCormack and Aimee Lou Wood. Sex Education’s Emma said of her nod: ‘I am so grateful to BAFTA and EE for including me in this category. ‘Being able to tell stories and make films is already such a blessing. ‘To be nominated alongside these wonderful actors and for us all to be noticed by such a respected and inspiring institution is very humbling indeed.’ Now in its 18th year, the award is the only BAFTA chosen by members of the public and the academy is now taking votes on its website. The winner is set to be announced on Sunday 19 February during the EE Bafta Film Awards ceremony. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emily Atack breaks down in tears detailing vile sexual harassment as Holly Willoughby rushes to comfort her: ‘It is psychological and it’s horrible’ MORE : Awards season calendar 2023: Oscars, Emmys, Grammys, and Baftas dates 