Erik ten Hag has revealed that two key Manchester United players may not be available for the FA Cup clash against West Ham on Wednesday night. Following Sunday’s triumph in the Carabao Cup final against Newcastle, there is very little time for United to rest and reload as they look to keep their ‘quadruple’ hopes alive. Unfortunately for Ten Hag, the Red Devils’ injury news hasn’t improved with the manager confirming that Anthony Martial is still unavailable and remains on the sidelines with long-term absentees Donny van de Beek and Christian Eriksen. The forward has missed 28 of United’s 40 games so far this season, most recently through a hip injury. But while that news was to be expected somewhat, it has also been revealed that both Luke Shaw and Fred are doubts for the West Ham game. It is not known if they have suffered injuries or are just struggling with fitness issues, with Ten Hag simply stating in his pre-match press conference on Tuesday: ‘They are questions for tomorrow.’ The pair started the Carabao Cup final, with Shaw, who assisted Casemiro’s opening goal, playing the full game, while Fred was subbed off after 69 minutes for Marcel Sabitzer. If the former is indeed out, Tyrell Malacia will no doubt deputize at left-back, but if Fred is missing it leaves Ten Hag very short of central midfielders, with Casemiro, Sabitzer and Scott McTominay the only senior options available. But while Ten Hag has rarely rotated his team unless necessary, he is confident his squad can achieve further success this season after securing their first trophy since 2017. ‘Let’s make myself clear: we didn’t win with 11 players, we did win with a squad and I think the squad the whole season is so important and every time players come in if it’s for a whole game, minutes, a couple of games, also during games we can change the dynamics, we do it with many more than 11 players,’ he added. ‘So I count on them and I know they will be ready. Because every time they play they take responsibility and it’s about that but you also have to fight for your position. ‘There can be great months ahead of us and great games and everyone wants to play games. The players who form the best teams will play, so it’s also for Maguire. When he plays well he can come into the team. ‘It was not my perspective from the celebrations, I think everyone was involved, everyone was happy, and everyone had the idea we did it collectively, not individual or one, two three players did this. It was the performance of the whole team, the whole squad.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag won battle with Manchester United’s board to appoint Steve McClaren MORE : Former Manchester United star Mikael Silvestre backs Declan Rice to shine at Arsenal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 