Rumour has it (pardon the pun) that both Adele and Ed Sheeran declined the opportunity to perform at King Charles III’s Coronation. The King is set to be crowned on May 7 at Westminster Abbey, with a later event being held at Windsor Castle. However, it’s believed that the two global stars were both ‘too busy’ to sing for royalty. ‘The King has suggested a number of people he would like to perform and Adele and Ed were on that list,’ a source said. ‘He was very keen that they were part of the concert.’ They added to Mail on Sunday: ‘There is a team set up to get the talent signed up so they approached the two of them, but got replies saying that they were unavailable, which was a massive disappointment. ‘They are titans of the showbiz industry and are quintessentially British but also known across the globe.’ ‘It’s such a shame,’ the insider claimed. Thinking Out Loud hitmaker Ed, 32, does in fact have commitments around the time of the Coronation. A representative for Ed also told Metro.co.uk that neither the star nor his team has even been ‘approached’ about a possible performance. Ed actually has a show in Texas the day before the Coronation gig, meaning it would be pretty hard (not to mention tiring) for him to make the trip back home. However, since Ed has used a private jet in the past, insiders claim it would be possible for him to do so again for the nine-hour journey. Meanwhile, it’s unknown what Adele, 34, will be doing around the time of the Coronation. She is currently performing her Las Vegas residency, Weekends With Adele, which have been sell-out hits. But, these shows come to an end on March 25, with no public events listed in her May diary at the moment. The Mail also claims the King would like Harry Styles – who is also in the midst of a world tour – to perform, adding that Lionel Richie is ‘close to agreeing’, as are the Spice Girls. It’s unknown whether Victoria Beckham has been involved in the supposed conversations. Reps for Adele have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Matt Smith all smiles as he reunites with ex-girlfriend Lily James in London after her rumoured breakup MORE : Brooklyn Beckham pokes fun at memes about ever-changing career as he plays in friendly football match while wife Nicola cheers him on 