Love Island stars Ron Hall and Tanyel Revan added fuel to the rumours that there’s more to their ‘friendship’ after sharing a passionate kiss during a challenge. There’s been speculation that the two islanders secretly fancy each other despite Ron’s romance with Lana Jenkins and Tanyel previously being coupled up with Kai. Following the recent recoupling, Ron, 25, chose Tanya, 26, to be in a ‘friendship’ couple which means they’ve been sharing a bed together. It seems viewers aren’t the only ones to have noticed the sizzling chemistry between the two, as Olivia Hawkins finally expressed her suspicions about them following the kissing challenge in Thursday night’s episode. The girls had to pucker up to each of the boys, who then rated each one out of 10. When it was Tanyel’s turn to plant a smooch on the lads, she appeared to give her best mate Ron a little extra attention – and it did not go unnoticed. Some of the girls gathered after the challenge to gossip about the besties, with Jessie noting: ‘There’s more there. When you’ve got that gut feeling, you’ve got that gut feeling.’ She added: ‘I’ve been thinking it since day one.’ Olivia weighed in: ‘The kiss between Tanyel and Ron lasted just a little bit too long.’ Tanyel realised she was the talk of the villa and defended herself to Samie Elishi, saying: ‘I feel comfortable with him. It’s a game.’ She added in the Beach Hut: ‘I don’t know why Olivia’s making such a big deal about it. I kissed Ron because he’s my best friend in here and I felt comfortable to give him a proper smooch. That’s the reason why not because I fancy him.’ Olivia then pulled Lana for a chat to give her a heads up, and said: ‘Watching Tanyel and Ron kiss, I think everyone felt uncomfortable.’ Lana admitted: ‘It got that long that I looked away.’ Reacting to the bombshell kiss, one viewer agreed with the islanders and stated: ‘That kiss between Ron and Tanyel was suspicious.’ One weighed in: ‘Nah Tanyel and Ron bruv just couple up COS WHAT WAS THAT KISS BRO.’ Another commented: ‘I feel like tanyel and ron are gonna do a friends to lovers thing.’ Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers label Kai Fagan ‘desperate’ as he moves onto Olivia Hawkins MORE : Love Island viewers label Kai Fagan ‘desperate’ as he moves onto Olivia Hawkins 