Seeing Love Island star Casey O’Gorman in bed with bombshell Rosie Seabrook may have been too much for Claudia Fogarty to bear on tonight’s episode. On Friday night, newcomers Rosie and Keanan Brand shook up the villa as they made their surprise entrances, going straight out on first dates with several of the other islanders. During the recoupling ceremony that followed, Keanan decided to couple up with Claudia, while Rosie chose to partner up with Casey, leaving Claudia distraught after being separated from Casey. Claudia broke down in tears over the situation, and when nighttime came, the new couples had to face getting into bed together for the first time. After the lights had gone out, Casey and Rosie shared some small talk in bed, seemingly discussing the latter’s preference to sleep with two pillows underneath her head. Claudia then proceeded to get out of bed, slip on her slippers and rush out of the room, as stars such as Tom Clare, as well as Casey and Rosie, watched her leave. Claudia stormed outside the house, heading to the daybeds to sleep outside on her own. The next day, she came back inside, where she was first consoled by Tanya Manhenga and Shaq Muhammad before joining everyone else and taking part in a morning lowdown with her friends. Later on, Claudia heard from Samie Elishi that Rosie had given her views on the former’s relationship with Casey – confessing that she thought that they lacked sexual chemistry. Claudia confronted Rosie in their first one-on-one chat since the recoupling ceremony, but Rosie stood firm in her point of view, while the women agreed that they needed to both do what was best for them in the villa. Will Casey end up having his head turned fully for Rosie? Or could his heart still lie with Claudia, despite her believing that her feelings for him might be stronger than his are for her? Or could Claudia end up realising she also has a spark with Keanan? Your guess is as good as ours. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Wildfire rages close to Winter Love Island 2023 villa in South Africa with show bosses on ‘high alert’ MORE : Love Island’s Zara Lackenby-Brown slams show for not setting her up with Jordan Odofin: ‘I deserved to find love’ 