Walk down the infuriatingly-named ‘feminine hygiene’ aisle in your local supermarket and you’ll find period products boasting a ‘fresh scent’ or ‘floral fragrance’. But deodorised or perfumed towels, pantiliners and tampons aren’t the best option for your body, gynecologists have told Metro.co.uk. And now we come to think of it, it makes sense. Most of us wouldn’t spray a deodorant can down between our legs (though even that kind of product exists too). You’ll also want to avoid those extra chemicals if you’re trying to have a more eco-friendly period. Dr Susanna Unsworth, Intimina’s in-house gynaecology expert, sums it up pretty clearly: ‘In a nutshell, my personal advice is that there is absolutely no reason to use a period product that contains any form of deodorant or perfume. ‘Sadly, I feel these products have been designed to perpetuate women’s insecurities around the idea that the vagina is “dirty” and any sort of smell is something to be ashamed of.’ From the days of witnessing one poor child get teased at school for smelling ‘like fish’, to being an adult on a heavy period carefully hiding a pad up your sleeve on the way to the work toilet, the anxiety around people knowing you’re on your period is extreme. But opting for a scented cover-up isn’t the answer. Dr Aziza Sesay, who also specialises in women’s health, echoes this sentiment. ‘I dislike the term “feminine hygiene products”. How often do you hear of male hygiene products?” she says. ‘My immediate response would be that we should keep any chemicals away from the vulva vaginal area as much as possible – and say no to products that are fragranced. ‘The skin around the vulva is thin and delicate and can be easily irritated. ‘Some people have more sensitive skin which can lead to dermatitis to the area. If they already suffer from, such as eczema in general, these products could aggravate the area further. ‘Any added deodorant could be absorbed into the bloodstream, and even though it would occur in minimal amounts, we still don’t know the long term effects.’ Research into how fragranced period products have been advertised found they often ‘played on women’s fears of undesirability and shame about their bodies’. Dr Unsworth says the shame we feel is the product of a lie we’ve been sold that periods are unclean. She says: ‘The vagina is a part of the female body that has its own delicate cleaning system and it keeps everything in balance perfectly well on its own. ‘Deodorants or fragrances are made of chemicals that can affect the delicate balance found in the vagina. ‘They can impact on the pH level, and also affect the ‘good’ bacteria that naturally live in the vagina which help keep things healthy. ‘Disrupting this balance can lead to overgrowth of unhealthy bacteria and cause issues such as thrush or bacterial vaginosis. ‘In addition to this, the chemicals found within deodorants can commonly cause skin irritations which can be very troubling around the vulva and vagina.’ In 2014, a research paper claimed there is ‘scant research’ on the health impact of these chemicals for people who have periods. But non-profit organisation Women’s Voices for the Earth disclosed in 2018 that their independent research found ‘undisclosed toxic chemicals’ in tampons. Professor Ami Zota, who researches in this area extensively, has called the data gap here ‘concerning’. When looking a the lack of data, it makes sense why Dr Unsworth concludes it’s best to ‘stay away from any period products that have had additional chemicals added to them’. She adds that period blood only begins to ‘smell’ once its had contact with air, so those with major concerns may want to try a menstrual cup, or even consult a doctor over ‘masking the issue with chemicals’. We don’t know what the long-term risks are yet, but we should probably listen to the experts rejecting deodorised period products, over and above the brands trying to sell them to us. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why you are getting constipated before your period and what you can do about it MORE : Every month I hit rock bottom for two weeks – I’m not depressed, it’s my period