Drake has placed seven ‘psychotic bets’ on this weekend’s Super Bowl in a bid to win more than a staggering $4 million. The Canadian rapper, who is worth a reported $49 million, has placed numerous bets worth $965,000 (£796,000) on his Stake betting account and is hoping for a Kansas City Chiefs win to net the big prize. Drake, 36, posted his bets onto Instagram and left a message for the Chiefs, who reached the Super Bowl and winning the AFC Championship game against the Cincinnatti Bengals. In the post, he said: ‘My psychotic bets for Sunday are in. Stake, please do not analyse the logic behind these bets. There is none.’ According to the images, Drake has placed a bet of $700,000 (£578,000) on the Chiefs to emerge victorious over NFC champions the Philadelphia Eagles. He has placed a further bet of $50,000 (£41,000) on Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes to be his team’s first touchdown scorer. Of the seven bets, the One Dance hitmaker can only win six, because he has also bet on the Chiefs wide receiver Juju Smith-Schuster to be the first scorer as well. Other bets include: the Chiefs to win both halves, for the Chiefs to win each quarter, and for tight end Travis Kelce to take the MVP award. If Drake wins on each of his staggering number of bets, he will be better off to the tune of $4 million (£3.3 million). He has experience with this kind of thing too, having bet $1.3 million (£1 million) in Bitcoin on last year’s Super Bowl, which was won by the Los Angeles Rams. The Rams’ victory, spearheaded by wide receivers Odell Beckham Jr. and Cooper Kupp, won Drake an impressive amount of money. However, many fans and associates of the rapper are reminding him to never bet against the Philadelphia Eagles, who won the Super Bowl in 2018. And his luck with bets this year isn’t quite in, having already lost $1 million after betting France to win the World Cup final before they lost to Lionel Messi’s Argentina. Eagles fans around the world will be hoping that Drake has once again placed his money on the wrong team. Watch the Super Bowl on ITV on Sunday, February 12, 10.45pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Drake waxwork unveiled at Madame Tussauds London and it’s actually pretty spot on MORE : Drake forced to halt concert after terrifying moment fan falls from second-storey balcony  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 