Some of the world’s biggest stars have descended in London for a memorial service for the late Dame Vivienne Westwood. The trailblazing fashion designer died on December 29 last year at the age of 81, leading to an outpouring of grief from those she had inspired over her incredible career. Now some of those who were inspired by her work have begun arriving at Southwark Cathedral to remember and celebrate her life. Among the A-listers in attendance is fashion icon Victoria Beckham, who paid tribute to the designer with her classic outfit, a skin-tight black dress with high neck and long sleeves, looking sleek as she arrived for the service. Supermodel Kate Moss was joined by her daughter Lila for the sad occasion, with Kate donning a caftan-style dress and blazer, and Lila notably carrying a red Westwood bag. British musician Stormzy showed his respects as he joined the memorial service in a sharp black suit and polished shoes, paired with a silver watch, brooch and dark glasses. TV presenter Jonathan Ross showed up in a long dark coat and trousers, calve-high sneakers and wearing a bright blue jumper bearing a skull and crossbones with the words ‘no future’ written across it. He looked sombre as he joined the crowd outside the cathedral, wearing a park of dark glasses across his eyes. Many of those in attendance were clearly paying tribute to the late designer, with plenty of tartan and colour on display among the mourners. Richard E Grant gave a particular nod to Dame Vivienne’s pioneering eye, as he arrived in a dark coat, scarf the colour of the union flag, and a fascinator drawing a lacey veil over his eyes. Some had come from afar to pay their respects, with US actress Elle Fanning arriving in an all-black ensemble including a pillar-box hat. She had collaborated with Dame Vivienne on multiple occasions, with Dame Vivienne styling her in a custom pink corset-style dress for the Independent Spirit Awards in 2021. Primal Scream frontman Bobby Gillespie, musician Will Young and British Vogue editor Edward Enniful were also spotted amongst the crowd, as were Sir Bob Geldof – dressed in tartan – designer Susie Cave and her musician husband Nick Cave. Fashion designers Erdem Moralioglu Dame Zandra Rhodes, both naturally inspired throughout their careers by Dame Vivienne’s work, showed their respects as they attended the memorial. Babs actress Jaime Winstone, singer Paloma Faith and actress Christina Hendricks were also spotted among the guests. Dame Vivienne was a world-renowned fashion designer, and worked with some of the biggest celebrities in the world throughout her decorated career. Celebrities who have commissioned Dame Vivienne’s work over the years include Dita Von Teese, who wore a purple gown from the designer when she married Marilyn Manson in 2005, and the various dresses Princess Beatrice wore during Prince William and Kate’s Royal wedding weekend in 2011. The designer’s representatives confirmed in December that the icon had died ‘peacefully’ surrounded by her family in Clapham, South London. Her husband and creative partner Andreas Kronthaler said in a statement: ‘I will continue with Vivienne in my heart. ‘We have been working until the end and she has given me plenty of things to get on with. Thank you darling.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Naomi Campbell hails ‘force of nature’ Dame Vivienne Westwood after her death: ‘Rest on the throne you so greatly deserve, queen’ MORE : Vivienne Westwood’s most iconic designs from her reign as queen of British fashion 