A Romanian court has upheld a third 30-day detention for misogynistic influencer Andrew Tate following his arrest in December. The former professional kickboxer appealed against a judge’s decision on February 21 to extend his detention a third time for 30 days. He was today pictured arriving at the Bucharest court of appeal handcuffed to his brother Tristan, who is being held in the same case. But Ramona Bolla, a spokesman for Romania’s anti-organised crime agency DIICOT, announced he lost his appeal on Monday. It is the third separate appeal Tate has failed to win, meaning he will now remain in jail until at least March 29. Prosecutors also won an appeal on Monday against a court’s decision last week to place two women held in the case under house arrest, instead of in full detention. Former kickboxer Tate was arrested in December on suspicion of human trafficking, rape and forming an organised crime group to exploit women. None of the four people have been charged in the long-running investigation. The Tate brothers’ lawyer, Eugen Vidineac, says his clients reject all the allegations. Tate himself has repeatedly claimed Romanian prosecutors have no evidence and alleged their case is a ‘political’ conspiracy designed to silence him. Following the ruling, a tweet on his profile read: ‘They weaponize lies to keep me in here. But you cannot hide the sun forever.’ Beforehand, another post had said: ‘I’ve been in jail for 61 days. But not allowed a single visit. Not even from my children.’ Six victims were subjected to ‘acts of physical violence and mental coercion’ and sexually exploited by members of the alleged crime group, it was alleged after the arrests last year. They were lured with pretences of love and later intimidated, placed under surveillance and subjected to other control tactics, it’s claimed. A document explaining the decision to keep the accused detained said a judge took into account the ‘particular dangerousness of the defendants’ Their alleged capacity to identify victims ‘with an increased vulnerability, in search of better life opportunities’ was also considered. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.