Shocking video has shown the moment a thief snatched a parcel from a family’s front garden. The woman stretched her legs through a gate to reach the package, which contained two pairs of pyjamas from Victoria’s Secret. In the footage, a bald man then appears to help her lift the stolen goods over the fence. The homeowners – an American family in Holland Park in the west of London – were left confused when they received a notification their parcel had been delivered. They reviewed footage captured by their doorbell’s CCTV camera and spotted the blonde thief. Sharing the video with MailOnline, the family told the outlet: ‘When we found that we’d captured it on video we couldn’t believe how brazen they had been – they just took the parcel in broad daylight while other people were walking past. ‘My daughters had ordered these pyjamas that were showing as having been delivered but no one had seen them so we thought we’d check the footage. ‘It shows the parcel being dropped off. And very quickly the woman appears. I suspect they were watching the delivery as it happens so quickly. ‘The courier could probably have thrown it a bit further to make it impossible to reach but even so they still had to work hard to get it up and over the gate.’ The theft took place in the middle of the day last Friday and the family says the package was delivered by Evri – formerly known as Hermes. They claim the courier had been unable to open their locked gate and left the parcel a ‘short distance’ away from the gate. Metro.co.uk has contacted Evri for comment. Over Christmas, a damning report found that Brits were being failed by every single one of the country’s major parcel firms. Evri came last for a second year running in the league table published by Citizens Advice, despite an overall improvement. Meanwhile, Yodel got the lowest score on a single criteria of all the firms, scoring just 1.7 stars for customer service. Both Evri and Yodel have slammed the ‘inaccurate data’ – but Ofcom agreed ‘some’ companies are not doing good enough and has warned of potential ‘enforcement action’. Last month, a woman who wanted to get through to Evri’s customer service department went viral after she came up with an elaborate plot to get their attention. Sani Shah, 27, called daily to track down two missing parcels she sent to customers of her clothes selling business, leaving her £200 out of pocket. She was rebuffed time and time again by a robot before starting a conversation on their live chat service. But after a month of back and forth she had enough. She said: ‘They gave me a reference number and said someone will be in touch, so I replied saying, “Help, your courier has set my house on fire!”. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 