Warning: spoilers ahead for Picard season 3 episode 2. Picard season 3 was shrouded in plenty of mystery before its launch, with Sir Patrick Stewart returning to the titular role… but one of the biggest conundrums before its release concerned a different character. When it was announced that Eragon and Downton Abbey star Ed Speleers had joined the cast, it wasn’t revealed at first who he would be playing. However, in episode 2, it was finally unveiled that he was Jack Crusher – the son of Dr Beverly Crusher (Gates McFadden) and Jean-Luc Picard – and Metro.co.uk spoke to the actor about what it was like playing out that twist and going ‘toe to toe’ with Sir Patrick. The big reveal comes at the end of the episode, when Jean-Luc is looking at Beverly and realises the truth about Jack’s identity, having never known before that he was a father. Ed explained how difficult it was to keep the surprise a secret, threatening those close to him who he had told that they would ‘no longer be his friend or family’ if they ‘spilled the beans’. ‘It has been [hard to keep the secret], because I’ve been so excited as much as anything else, and it has been a long wait. I stopped shooting this this time last year, so it’s been a year and I’ve only just been announced, for good reason,’ he shared. ‘I feel I’ve been a kid in a toy shop, desperately wanting to talk about it, because I’m forever grateful for the opportunity that Paramount have given me. ‘I genuinely, I know I’ve said that a lot in our interview, but I loved every minute of playing this role. If nothing ever happens in the future or ever again, I can hold my head up knowing that I had the opportunity to play this and mix it with some iconic sci-fi heroes.’ One would imagine that for any actor, it would be incredibly daunting to act opposite an icon such as Sir Patrick, as well as several other legends from the Star Trek franchise. The 34-year-old outlined how he and Sir Patrick, 82, forged a mutual respect as they got to know one another. ‘The experience was incredible, genuinely. You grow up seeing people like Patrick and being aware of them and… not wanting to emulate them, but want to be in that world,’ he said. ‘To be a part of such a huge iconic franchise that’s been going almost feels like since the beginning of time, it’s that old, and still so revered and still so watched and loved, it’s been a complete honour.’ Ed said that while Sir Patrick didn’t give him ‘any specific pearls of wisdom’, they would talk at length about the scenes they were starring in together. ‘I think if anything we went toe to toe in a positive way, in respecting one another, and looked at the scenes and talked them through. Sometimes we’d be sitting around in between set-ups and we’d ask questions of what we thought this moment was about, and vice versa,’ he said. ‘I think we struck up a good respect and a good rapport with one another that allowed us to play the truth of the scenes. That was what we were striving for more than anything else.’ Several Star Trek fans have reacted in shock at the confirmation that Jean-Luc has a son, with one tweeting: ‘This moment gave me goose bumps with anticipation finally finding out that Picard has a son by Dr Beverly Crusher WOW.’ Another wrote: ‘The silent conversation where Picard not so much realised, but rather came to terms with what we all already knew. ‘Such a perfect scene, not to mention the gutpunch of “because he’s my son”. And then the certified airpunch of ENGAGE!!!!’ Star Trek: Picard is available to watch on Paramount Plus on Amazon Prime Video, with new episodes released on Fridays. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Picard season 3 star Michael Dorn humbly speaks out on his incredible legacy after making Star Trek history as Worf MORE : Picard season 3 promises to deliver ‘satisfying conclusion’ for Star Trek: Next Generation fans in ’emotional story’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 