Ashton Kutcher has publicly apologised to Harry Styles for an awkward encounter at a karaoke party hosted by a mutual friend. In an astonishingly hard to believe turn of events, Ashton revealed that he had no idea who Harry was the first time they met, which led to him making some embarrassing remarks to the world-famous star. Doting dad Ashton, 44, explained in a new interview that he and his 39-year-old wife, Mila Kunis, met the As It Was crooner, 29, at a party hosted by their neighbour, who just so happens to be one of ‘the best singers around today’. Ashton explained: ‘There’s an extraordinarily well-known singer – that is maybe the best singer today – that we happen to be neighbours with. ‘She was throwing a karaoke party, and she gets up and does this out of this world, bananas, and I’m just like, this is so unfair. And then this other kid gets up and he does this ABBA song,’ he added to Esquire. As it turns out, said ‘other kid’ was actually Harry, who Ashton approached after he’d hopped off stage, saying: ‘Man, I gotta tell you something. You’re like a karaoke ringer. You’re really good, like, really good.’ The former One Directioner humbly replied: ‘Thanks man, thank you. I really appreciate that.’ Revealing what happened next, Ashton went on: ‘We go to our friend, and we go, “God, that guy was really good”. And they’re like, “It’s Harry Styles.”’ Ashton added: ‘And I was like, “Who’s that?”’ Mila then told her husband: ‘It’s the guy from the boyband! He’s like a professional singer!’ which the Punk’d presenter said made him feel bad. ‘I was like, “Oh my God, now I feel like a jerk,”’ Kutcher added. ‘He’s a professional singer, and we’re trying to tell him he’s a good singer.’ Publicly apologising to Harry, Ashton said: ‘I just really want to say I’m sorry, Harry Styles. ‘But you’re really good at karaoke, man. Seriously, like really good.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly ‘sign even bigger six-figure deal’ to host Strictly Come Dancing MORE : Kimberley Walsh and Nicola Roberts roll up to Cheryl’s West End play looking glam and rave about her performance after she ‘cries’ onstage  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 