As the killer of her only daughter and two grandchildren goes for parole, Carol Quinn says her life sentence will continue. Carol cannot escape the ‘raging hatred’ she feels towards murderer Phillip Geoffrey Austin, despite more than two decades passing since he brutally took the lives of those he was meant to protect. She spoke of her ‘terrible dread’ that the killer of her only daughter, Claire, and their children, will be released as she and her husband Harry prepare to attend his second parole hearing later this month. Austin, 53, is due for release after being given a 20-year tariff for killing the 31-year-old along with their daughter Jade, seven, and son Keiren, eight. He also bludgeoned the family’s two pet poodles to death as he carried out the murders on the morning of July 10, 2000. Carol, 74, and Harry, 76, from Bugbrooke, Northamptonshire, discovered the bodies after the children failed to attend school. Carol told Metro.co.uk: ‘Claire was my only daughter, we used to meet every week and go shopping together. ‘We had such a laugh, she was a joker. The children were my first grandchildren and now they would probably be married and we would probably be great-grandparents. But we have nothing. ‘My son lost his only sister, he has no one else. ‘His daughters have never known their aunt on the father’s side of the family, they have never known their cousins. When it’s birthdays, Mother’s Days, Christmas, it’s just heart-wrenching.’ Austin hit Claire over the head with a mallet before strangling her, stabbing her repeatedly and leaving her body in the kitchen of their home in Standens Barn, Northampton. He then used the mallet to batter the poodles, Dandy and Sooty, to death. Callously turning his sights on the children, the forklift driver picked them up from school and took them for fish and chips before giving them sleeping medicine and sending them to bed. He then went from one room to the other and strangled them in their beds. Carol and Harry, who is Claire’s step-father, rushed to the house a week later after their grandchildren’s school got in touch to ask why they had been absent with no explanation. They discovered Claire’s body in a pool of blood on the kitchen floor before going upstairs and finding the children’s lifeless bodies in their beds. ‘We are the people with the life sentence and the thought of him being freed and doing this to another family must never become reality,’ Carol said. ‘We have taken part in two documentaries over the years with very eminent criminal psychologists who have said that if he comes out and forms another relationship he will, not might, he will kill again.’ Austin pleaded guilty to the murders and was given three concurrent life sentences with a minimum of 20 years in March 2021. Under UK law, a life sentence must be imposed for murder but this can mean the convicted person being released ‘on licence’. Only whole life orders prevent an offender from ever being released, except in ‘exceptional compassionate circumstances’. Carol said: ‘Capital punishment was replaced with the life sentence, but how often do you hear of anyone getting a full life sentence these days? ‘As far as the victims who are left behind are concerned, we have to go through the parole hearing system, which he failed last time because we fought it. Now, another two years along, we have got it all to go through again. If he gets held back this time, we’ll have to go through it again in another two years. ‘It brings everything back to the front of your mind. If he had been given a full life sentence from the beginning, we could have closed the door, grieved for our daughter, grandchildren, and the dogs, and forgotten about him. Instead, we are left with this raging hatred inside us. I never knew the meaning of the word hate before this, it might be something you say about Brussels sprouts, but now I know the true meaning of the word.’ The family has been asked to provide an impact statement for the hearing, which is scheduled to take place on February 27. ‘We are going to submit the same one as last time because nothing has changed,’ Carol said. ‘My daughter and grandchildren are still in the graveyard.’ Austin, who has remained in a Category C closed prison, had anger management issues which surfaced after his marriage to Claire in 1993. He attended sessions with the NSPCC children’s charity after she found him losing his temper with Keiren, but at that stage he had not been violent. Austin spent a week on the run after carrying out the killings before being arrested in the Lake District, where he was spotted in his car with his wrists slashed. He has never given any explanation for why he carried out the senseless crime, and Carol does not believe he can ever be rehabilitated. The grandparents say they are waiting to be given a time and place to attend the hearing and have been told they may have to stay overnight due to the distance from their home. The family has launched a Change.org petition calling for life to mean life, warning that at a relatively young age, Austin should not be allowed to ‘destroy another innocent family’. ‘I am sure there will be people out there who say he has served nearly 23 years in prison, he could be rehabilitated,’ Carol said. ‘My question to them would be, “how would you feel if he came out and formed a relationship with your daughter?”. ‘I just have this terrible dread that he will come out and my daughter-in-law fears he will come after their daughters. ‘This time, I have the support of the entire village with people coming up to me while I’m walking the dog and saying, “we’re behind you Carol, he must never come out”. ‘Nearly 14,000 people have signed the petition so far, and while we may or may not be able to prevent his release, we want to make a stand to make sure life means life and no other family has to go through what we have been through.’ The Ministry of Justice maintains that the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Court Act (2022) ensures the most serious offenders now face longer behind bars, with whole life orders being the starting point for the premeditated murder of a child. A spokesperson said: ‘Offenders serving life sentences must satisfy the Parole Board that they do not pose a risk to the public before being released from prison. ‘Those who are eventually released face strict licence conditions and can be returned to prison if they breach them. ‘We have also changed the law to make sure the most serious and violent offenders face longer behind bars.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.