Capital FM has been hit with Ofcom complaints after DJ Ant Payne made a joke about the Turkey earthquake. The presenter made the joke during Monday’s Drivetime programme on the radio station. He had suggested during his show that ‘now is actually the best time to start looking at some cheap flights away to Turkey’ after two major earthquakes devastated the country and neighbouring Syria. Over 41,000 people are now believed to have died in the quakes in both countries. Ofcom has now confirmed in its weekly report that the organisation received over 500 complaints about the segment. Between Tuesday, February 7 and Monday, February 13, a total of 567 complaints were lodged against Capital FM and Payne. Since Payne made the remark on Monday, each of those complaints were lodged in just one day. The DJ had suggested that now was ‘the best time’ to get cheap flights to Turkey, adding: ‘Get your teeth done while you are over there. ‘Come back looking 19 years old. You’ll be on Love Island next year if you are doing that.’ He has since apologised, writing on Twitter on Tuesday morning: ‘ ‘Hi guys, I want to address the comment I made last night on the show. It was insensitive and ill timed. ‘I would never wish to offend anyone from my shows. My sincere and wholehearted apologies.’ More than 41,000 people have died in Turkey a week after the tremor struck the country, while a further 5.7k have been killed in Syria. Thousands of survivors have been rescued from under the mountains of rubble on both sides of the border, with rescue efforts ongoing since the disaster on February 6. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Capital FM and reps for Payne for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  MORE : Capital Radio DJ Ant Payne apologises for ‘insensitive’ joke about earthquake-struck Turkey MORE : Brit Awards hit with Ofcom complaints – with critics sadly offended by Sam Smith’s Unholy performance 