Liam Payne and Niall Horan both heaped praise on their former One Direction bandmate Harry Styles following his best album win at Sunday’s Grammys. Harry, 29, beat Beyoncé and Adele to win the coveted album of the year gong and also floored guests with an all guns blazing performance of his smash hit, As It Was. Both Liam and Niall, both 29, celebrated Harry’s achievement on social media, with the former calling Harry his ‘brother’ (by the way, you can check out the full list of Grammy winners here). Alongside a snap of hitmaker Harry looking down at his trophy, Liam penned: ‘Wow… this image is really something to wake up to and when you write music like you do Harry you deserve every millisecond of that moment looking down smiling at the trophy you’ve earned. God bless you brother congratulations.’ Meanwhile, Niall simply posted a photo of his old bandmate on stage, writing: ‘Very proud.’ The trio rose to global fame as part of boyband One Direction alongside Louis Tomlinson and Zayn Malik, who left the group in 2015. That same year, the remaining One Direction members announced a hiatus that’s ongoing. Harry wasn’t the only UK star to win big at Sunday’s Grammys – with Sam Smith also scooping a gong alongside Adele, who took home the award for best pop solo performance thanks to her iconic track Easy On Me. Beyonce made history at the bash, becoming the most decorated artist at the Grammys. The trophy, the latest in her cabinet, took her total Grammy wins up to 32 – leapfrogging the previous holder of the record, conductor Georg Solti. As Grammys host Trevor Noah announced Harry had won best album, the Watermelon Sugar crooner clutched his face and hugged Lizzo. Pretty much summing up everyone’s reaction, his first word when taking the stage was: ‘S**t.’ He then said in his acceptance speech: ‘Man, I’ve been so, so inspired by every artist in this category with me. A lot of different times in my life, I listened to everyone in this category when I’m alone.‘I feel like on nights like tonight, there is no such thing as “best in music”. I don’t think any of us sit in the studio making decisions based on what’s gonna get us one of these.’ He added: ‘This is really really kind … this doesn’t happen to people like me very often, and this is so nice, thank you very much.’ MORE : Florence Pugh stuns on red carpet with brother Toby Sebastian at London Critics’ Circle Awards 2023 MORE : Happy Valley’s finale was perfect – it always had to be The Catherine Cawood Show 