Vincent Kompany has hit back at critics of Manchester City after the club were charged by the Premier League with 101 breaches of its financial rules. The offences are alleged to have taken place from 2009 to 2018 while Kompany was captain of the Citizens. While City have already vowed to clear their name ‘once and for all’, if they are found guilty the consequences could be very serious, as the punishments range from a fine to expulsion from the Premier League. It is said that many top-flight clubs would be in favour of the latter while it has also been suggested that City could also be stripped of the three titles they won in that period. Kompany however has questioned the motives of those that are, and have been targeting City over the years and admitted he has not read up about the specifics of the case. This is partly because the Burnley manager is more focussed on his current side’s promotion campaign, with the Clarets leading the Championship by seven points after 29 games. ‘The fixtures actually help me because I’ve had no time to look into it or feel emotionally connected to what’s happening,’ Kompany said. ‘I look at it [the charges] and sometimes roll my eyes a little bit. ‘No doubt there’s a lot of righteousness in the world to come and tell you what you’ve done wrong, and then if everybody looks at themselves, I think the football industry in general is not one that can afford to point the finger too many times. ‘I think all of you will have a little bit of a smile on your face to know what the football industry is about. I’m very sceptical when people start pointing fingers. ‘Do the best for yourself and let’s try and improve all the time but I’m a little bit sceptical when the fingers get pointed easily.’ Should City be found guilty, many have tipped Pep Guardiola to leave the Etihad and Kompany would surely be under consideration to replace him. The former centre-back spent 11 years at City, making 360 appearances and winning four league titles, two FA Cups and four League Cups. MORE : Dwight Yorke tells Manchester United stars Scott McTominay and Fred to ‘stand up and earn their money’ MORE : Martin Keown questions decision to leave Benoit Badiashile out of Chelsea’s Champions League squad For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 