Long-term exposure to tiny air pollution particles known as PM2.5 is linked with higher blood pressure in teenagers living in London. Exposure to high levels of nitrogen dioxide (NO2) – a pollutant from diesel traffic in London, is associated with lower blood pressure in this group, according to scientists. The team from Kings College London said that based on its findings, published in the journal Plos One, more research is urgently needed to assess how air pollution may be affecting the cardiovascular health of children and adolescents. Professor of social epidemiology Seeromanie Harding said their study of 3,000 adolescents ‘provides a unique opportunity to track exposures of adolescents living in deprived neighbourhoods’. She said: ‘Given that more than one million under-18s live in neighbourhoods where air pollution is higher than the recommended health standards, there is an urgent need for more of these studies to gain an in-depth understanding of the threats to (and opportunities for) young people’s development.’ Tiny pollution particles are small enough to be inhaled into the body. These pollutants can make their way into the bloodstream, causing damage to blood vessels and airways. For the study, the researchers examined the effects of air pollution on children attending 51 schools across London. They analysed data from 3,284 adolescents, following up from ages 11-13 and 14-16 years old. The results show Particulate Matter (PM2.5) – tiny pollutants that come from car exhaust fumes, building, and industry materials – was associated with higher blood pressure across all ages, particularly among girls. Meanwhile, NO2 was associated with lower blood pressure. ‘The effect of NO2 on blood pressure is similar to what we and other researchers have observed previously after ingesting green leafy vegetables or beetroot juice,’ said co-author Dr Andrew Webb, from King’s College London. ‘These are rich in dietary nitrate (NO3-) which increases circulating nitrite (NO2-) concentration in the blood and lowers blood pressure, an effect which may also be sustained over weeks or months with continued ingestion of nitrate-rich vegetables,’ Researchers also found teenagers from ethnic minority groups were exposed to higher annual average concentrations of pollution at home than their white UK peers. But, they added, the impact of pollutants on blood pressure did not vary according to ethnicity, weight, or economic status. ‘The findings highlight the potential detrimental role of exposure to higher concentrations of particulate matter on adolescents’ blood pressure levels,’ said corresponding author Dr Alexis Karamanos, from King’s College London. ‘Further studies following the same adolescents over time in different socio-economic contexts are needed to understand whether and how exposure to higher pollutant concentrations may affect differently the cardiovascular health of children and adolescents,’ MORE : Air pollution is killing children – where is the Government action? MORE : What is an air pollution alert as London put under ‘very high’ level?