Perrie Edwards and fellow Little Mix member Jade Thirlwall reunited in Los Angeles, proving their bond went well beyond their time in the band. The mother of one, 29, brought along her son Axel – who she shares with Liverpool football player fiancé Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain – to catch up with her famous friend. Jade, 30, uploaded adorable snaps to her Instagram story in which she was carrying her former bandmate’s son on her hip and grinning from ear to ear. Alongside the picture that showed the curly-haired beauty and little Axel, she penned the words: ‘Look who I bumped into @perrieedwards [sic]’. A second photo that was posted in black and white captured the moment Perrie’s tot grabbed Jade’s mess of curls and featured the caption: ‘Loves ripping my hair out’ with a laughing face emoji. Perrie also shared the day out with her followers on Instagram and commemorated the reunion with a gallery of adorable images from their time together in the American city. The snaps showed the pair of friends dressed in casual outfits as they hit the Santa Monica pier for a day of fun. Pushing her stroller, the blonde beauty donned a pink oversized shirt, blue jeans and large sunglasses for the occasion while Jade sported a rainbow-patterned matching trouser set and chunky trainers. The remainder of the pictures showed off Perrie’s cute toddlers as he took in the sites, chomped on some fries and played with the arcade games. She captioned the post: ‘Geordies in Santa Monica (a Sunday dinner in the red hot heat just screams Brits abroad)’. Fans of the band rushed to the comments to share their love for the former hitmakers and their sweet friendship. One penned: ‘Jerrie as strong as ever, love this reunion [sic]’, while another excitedly typed: ‘JERRIE AND AXEL AT THE SAME TIME WHATTTTTTTT [sic]’. Jade herself commented on the pictures of her day out with her bestie, writing: ‘No one else I’d rather have a Yorkshire with while sweating our tits off,’ and ‘Omg jerrie reunion!!!! [sic]’. Their State-side reunion came after fellow Little Mix member Leigh-Anne Pinnock admitted she was struggling to be away from her family as she spent time in the star-studded city to work on her solo music career. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Leigh-Anne Pinnock is a beauty in orange at first Brit Awards without Little Mix bandmates ahead of solo music MORE : Perrie Edwards’ son, 1, in awe as he watches ‘dadda’ Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain play football on TV – before scoring goal of his own 