Russia reportedly launched an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) test while Joe Biden was in Ukraine on Monday. The US President made a surprise visit to Kyiv ahead of the year anniversary of the war. He met Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and walked the city streets as an air raid siren blared. Moscow is believed to have been informed of Mr Biden’s presence in Ukraine shortly before the visit. During his time in the city, Vladimir Putin reportedly oversaw the a test on an ICBM known as Satan II, which is thought to have failed. The missile is capable of delivering multiple nuclear warheads and is believed to have a range of almost 7000 miles. According to American reports, the test launch was not considered an escalation of the conflict. The weapon was also tested in April, mere weeks after Russia invaded Ukraine. Mr Biden is yet to comment on the reported missile launch during his visit in Ukraine. He had since travelled to Poland to praise allies in Europe. The President warned of ‘hard and bitter days ahead’ but vowed that the US and allies ‘will not wave’ in supporting the Ukrainians. ‘One year ago, the world was bracing for the fall of Kyiv,” he said before a crowd of thousands outside Warsaw’s Royal Castle. ‘I can report: Kyiv stands strong. Kyiv stands proud. It stands tall and, most important, it stands free.’ With Russia and Ukraine preparing spring offensives, Mr Biden insisted there will be no backing down from what he has portrayed as a global struggle between democracy and autocracy. However, polling suggests American support for ongoing military assistance appears to be softening. Earlier in the day, Mr Biden with Polish President Andrzej Duda as he began consultations with allies to prepare for a new phase of the war. Mr Duda praised the American president’s visit to Kyiv as ‘spectacular’, saying it ‘boosted morale of Ukraine’s defenders’. He said the trip was ‘a sign that the free world, and its biggest leader, the president of the United States, stands by them’. Mr Zelensky has been pushing the US and European allies to provide fighter jets and long-range missile systems known as ATACMS – which Mr Biden has declined to provide so far. Yesterday, Putin made an appearance in Moscow to give a speech to Russians. He claimed he ‘didn’t start the war’ in a rambling address that lasted near to two hours. A selection of cabinet minsters, deputies and senators were all in attendance as the address is broadcast across the world. Putin referred to the war as a ‘special military operation’ and referred to the situation in Ukraine as a ‘military coup’. He claimed Ukrainians have been waiting for his troops to ‘come to their help’ and that the West released a ‘genie in a bottle.’ Putin said: ‘They started the war and we used the force to stop it.” ‘They spent $150bn to support militarily Kyiv’s regime.’ He went on to tell the audience each Russian has a ‘great responsibility’ to ‘protect our people on our historic land.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.