Our seventh Masked Singer star has been revealed… and it’s only Daisy May Cooper! We’re well and truly at the nitty gritty now, with the final fast approaching and the characters delivering some stellar performances to make it through. Alas, it wasn’t meant to be for Otter – who had both the panel and viewers stunned when her mask came off after an endearing performance of Cheerleader by Omi. With names like Mel Giedroyc floating around, only comedian Mo Gilligan was totally certain, but now all the clues have slotted into place. In the first double elimination of the series and with much-loved presenter Stephen Mulhern as a guest judge on the panel, Otter has joined Knitting in the unmasked club, as Claire Richards of pop band Steps was revealed first. Other stars to have also been identified this series included football pundit Chris Kamara as Ghost, pop icon Lulu as Piece of Cake, and Martin and Shirlie Kemp as Cat & Mouse. Daisy, 36, joked after her unveiling that she did the show because she ‘needed the cash,’ leaving panellists Rita Ora, Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross, and Mo in stitches. On taking part, she added: ‘I loved every single second of it. I did this for my daughter Pip, who is a massive fan of the show.’ Mo, who was the first panellist to guess the correct celebrity, was overjoyed. ‘I got one! And it was an otter and I love otters,’ he said. ‘Do you know what it was with you Daisy? You could tell you were a comedic actress because you’re so physical, but you’re a really good singer.’ Host Joel Dommett said: ‘You didn’t stop moving the entire time,’ to which Daisy replied: ‘Tell me about it! Oh my God, why did I put so much energy into the first… and then I had to keep it up. Why couldn’t I have been a sloth or something?’ Explaining the clues, a reference to being in pairs was a reference to her brother, to which Daisy joked: ‘I’m trying to move away from him.’ The This Country actress added: ‘I’ve loved it, I mean I’m exhausted and absolutely relieved.’ As a result of Daisy’s unmasking, the panel chose to save Fawn who will appear in the semi-finals alongside Jellyfish, Rhino, Jacket Potato and Phoenix next week when two more celebrities will reveal themselves. Speaking in a Q&A after the show, Daisy said of her hilarious yet adorable costume: ‘It was still nerve wracking but I had to have the costume. I would never, ever have been able to sing on stage as myself. I would have passed out and face planted the audience otherwise!’ Daisy also quipped: ‘It’s the best job I’ve ever done but near the end I was absolutely exhausted. I was gutted to leave because I really fancied the Phoenix… so fit.’ The Masked Singer continues Saturday at 7pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Masked Singer UK judging panel set to face major shake-up with three guest stars MORE : Pregnant Katherine Ryan had her baby’s foot in her ribcage during The Masked Singer but still insisted on full choreography 