Former Strictly Come Dancing pro James Jordan has shared an experience that left him panicking after he was pulled over by police on Wednesday. The dancer, who is married to co-star Ola Jordan, took to Instagram to share clips from the driving seat of his car. ‘So I’ve just been pulled over by the police because apparently someone is using my number plate on my car,’ James began. The 44-year-old panned around to a police officer talking to him through the passenger window and handing his licence back over. James continued: ‘So yeah, they just blue lighted me, I absolutely s*** myself’. The officer added: ‘Just one thing – if you could stick a bit of tape over your licence plate, and then we’ll know that this is the genuine one. ‘So we won’t pull you over again, because the not genuine one won’t have that bit of tape on the licence plate.’ In a second clip, the Dancing On Ice star continued to his followers: ‘So that was fun, and for anyone that has been pulled over by the police before – I’ve been pulled over a few times, I’m not going to lie. ‘You always question yourself, don’t you? “Oh what did I do? Was I on my phone? No I wasn’t. Was I speeding? No, I don’t think so.” ‘And they both surrounded the car as well, so I was like, “Oh no! What have I done?”‘ The dad of one joked: ‘But they were actually really nice and he was annoyingly good looking as well and young – so I didn’t like him at all. ‘But apparently if I put this black tape over the corner of my number plate… ‘But I said, “I’m not going to do that,” and he said, “Okay, as long as you’re quite happy to be pulled over”. ‘I’ve got OCD I’m not having black tape on the corner of my number plate thank you very much.’ Just hours before, James showed off his car looking ‘spick and span’ after a polish, before returning home and showing an adorable video of daughter Ella doing the hokey-cokey. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Young girl from Ukrainian family taken in by Ed Balls shocks GMB viewers with astounding Rumba after dance lessons from Strictly star MORE : Strictly Come Dancing stars Janette Manrara and Aljaž Škorjanec expecting first baby after struggling to conceive for two years 