A Lancashire Police officer has been accused of gross misconduct over the death of a woman who allegedly suffered domestic abuse and died after her suspected attacker was released on bail. Kiena Dawes, 23, was hit by a train near Garstang hours after leaving her nine-month-old daughter with a friend last July. Her family claims she took her own life after being repeatedly assaulted and she was ‘let down’ by police. In one incident, she was allegedly attacked after officers installed panic alarms in her home. She was so terrified of further violence that she also wore an alarm around ner neck. The 28-year-old man released from custody had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting Kiena 11 days before she died, Lancashire Police said. The misconduct investigation will focus on the decision to bail the suspect, the force added. Kiena left a suicide note reading ‘I hope my life saves another by police services acting faster,’ according to The Sun. Her brother Kynan, 30, told the newspaper: ‘She felt the police weren’t doing anything to help her despite countless reports of domestic violence. ‘When we found her note we knew it was a race against time. We rang police straight away. ‘We told them the car make and model, the registration plate and where the car had gone from. ‘All they had to do was go on the ANPR cameras. She was clearly a high-risk missing person but they didn’t prioritise her case. They didn’t do anything.’ An IOPC spokesperson said: ‘Our investigation into prior contact between Lancashire Constabulary and Kiena Dawes, before her death on July 22, 2022 continues. ‘We have been looking at the police response when Miss Dawes was reported missing, as well as reports that she had been the victim of assaults. ‘Having obtained and reviewed a number of statements from witnesses, to understand the nature of the contact between officers and Miss Dawes, an officer has been served notice for gross misconduct in relation to their actions leading up to a man being released on bail earlier in July last year. ‘This does not necessarily mean that misconduct proceedings will follow. ‘Our thoughts remain with Miss Dawes’ loved ones and all those affected by her death.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.