Who knew that Will Young’s head was going to turn that quickly in Casa Amor? On last night’s episode of Love Island, the boys in the main villa were introduced to the new girls, after their partners headed over to Casa Amor to meet the rest of the new contestants. While fans might have assumed that Will and Jessie Wynter would remain faithful to each other, it seems as though Will has already found himself distracted by newcomer Layla Al-Momani, with the pair even appearing to share a kiss. In a teaser for Tuesday night’s episode, Will and Layla were shown having an intimate chat, with it clear that they’d forged a strong connection from the get-go. It looked as though the farmer was leaning in for a kiss, and the suspicion that the pair lock lips now looks as though it’s been confirmed. While getting to know each other on the terrace – known as the hotspot for smooches in the villa – Layla says to Will: ‘You shocked me.. You’re more chatty than I thought you would be.’ ‘I feel like I gravitate to you,’ Will admits, as they then discuss kissing outside of challenges. Because of course, we all know where that conversation leads. (To actual kisses outside of challenges, if you hadn’t guessed). When the girls first left the main villa for Casa Amor, Will made a point of saying that he believed Jessie wouldn’t have her head turned for another boy. Does this mean his feelings for her aren’t as strong as we all thought, even after their one-on-one stay in the Hideaway? Will isn’t the only one who uses the cheeky topic of kissing outside of challenges to take a relationship to the next level on tonight’s episode. Having been in the early days of his relationship with Claudia Fogarty, former bombshell Casey O’Gorman has now taken his attentions elsewhere, to Sanam Harrinanan. ‘You’re making me shy, I haven’t felt this way in a little while,’ Sanam tells him, before confessing that she’s feeling ‘butterflies’. Opening up about his feelings, Casey says: ‘I would say that you’re definitely top so far, but I just hope that’s reciprocated.’ They then also chat about kissing outside of challenges… so we have a feeling we know where this is going to go. Tonight’s episode will see the return of the highly-anticipated raunchy race challenge, when the two villas go up against each other in a series of dares. Tanya Mahenga ends up snogging Martin Akinola, with Tanya surprised at Martin’s kissing skills, while Casey and Sanam also share their first kiss. Let’s see what drama will ensue once the islanders all figure out who’s been getting busy! Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 