Matt Hancock seems to have taken a liking to Seann Walsh after they grew close during their I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! stint – but the love doesn’t appear to have been reciprocated. Comedian Seann, 37, entered the Australian jungle as a surprise late arrival last year, along with the disgraced politician, 44. The Strictly Come Dancing star – who was on a mission to redeem himself after his snog scandal – ended up finishing fifth, while the former health secretary defied everyone’s expectations, coming third behind Owen Warner and new jungle Queen Jill Scott. And while the campmates of 2022 have set up a group chat to stay connected, Seann has joked that one person in particular has been pestering the life out of him. Appearing on The One Show, the stand-up star was asked by host Alex Jones what the former MP is like in real life, and whether they are still ‘best mates’ off-screen. ‘He will not leave me alone,’ Sean quipped. ‘Oh my God, 12 missed calls today! FaceTiming… it’s just… Matt! Play it cool!’ The comic added: ‘Give me a break! I’ll get back in touch, I’ll sign your book! Oh my God…’ After a small outburst, Seann then said: ‘No, it was good fun, the whole show. I’ve had a wonderful experience. ‘I got on with everyone in there, so it was great fun.’ Also on the show, the funny man was quick to shut down rumours that life in the camp Down Under was supposedly more glam once filming stopped. ‘People come up to me and they go, “Loved you in the jungle, but when the cameras weren’t looking, did they have the food ready for you then?”, eh? ‘Most people think that we’re not really on the diets that we’re on in there, like, it’s cutting to the adverts and we’re going, “Right! McDonald’s drive-thru, come on! Two Big Macs, Jill, what are you having?”, no, the programme is real.’ Seann also admitted he was ‘very nervous’ before entering the reality show, but now he’s relieved that people are ‘coming to his show’ after the bad press he received in the past. ‘It’s lovely,’ he said on how things have changed for him. ‘People are coming to the show for a start, and that wasn’t happening!’ The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mike Tindall explains why he hasn’t spoken to Matt Hancock since I’m A Celebrity amid Whatsapp group drama MORE : Stacey Solomon’s Sort Your Life Out accused of ‘cruelty’ to rabbits after rehoming them in a hutch 