Tickets for the UK run of Beyonce’s Renaissance tour went on general sale today and people have been flocking in their hundreds of thousands to snag tickets, with many sharing their frustration over online queue lengths. Queen Bey announced her return to the world’s stages this month and will promote her seventh studio album with a series of blockbuster dates across the globe. Taking to Twitter, one person wrote just after 10am on Tuesday: ‘There’s only 1700 people in front of me for Beyoncé tickets, I feel sick.’ Third, fourth and fifth London dates were announced shortly afterwards. Others wrote: ‘How are there 369,000 people in the queue in front of me for Beyoncé tickets I literally went on straight at 10’ and ‘A mere 242231 people ahead of me in the Beyonce ticket queue this morning. FFS.’ ‘@Ticketmaster It’s impossible to buy tickets for Beyonce. Logging in with user/pass has been down since the sale started,’ wrote another. The highly-anticipated extravaganza marks the hitmaker’s first run of UK live performances since her On the Run tour – which made 48 stops across North America and Europe in 2018. The 2023 tour is due to kick off on May 10, 2023, at Friends Arena in Stockholm and will then continue making stops throughout Europe in cities such as Cardiff, Edinburgh, Sunderland, Paris, London, Marseille, Amsterdam and Warsaw, to name but a few. Beyoncé will also take her chart-topping tunes across the water to North America, performing shows in Toronto, Chicago, East Rutherford, Atlanta, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, and Houston. For fans in London, the star will perform two shows on May 29 and May 30, 2023.  Other key cities that are expecting a visit from the Crazy In Love singer include Brussels, Barcelona, Cologne, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Boston, Charlotte, Dallas, Detroit, Kansas City, Louisville, Miami, Minneapolis, Nashville, New Orleans, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, St. Louis, Tampa and Vancouver. Metro.co.uk has approached Ticketmaster for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Wes Nelson hits back at Megan Barton Hanson after she branded ex ‘vanilla’ in bed: ‘She’s said some crazy things’ MORE : Cardi B ‘screams at Offset and Quavo’ backstage at Grammys after husband denies ‘fight’ over Takeoff tribute  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 