This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Wish lists are for life, not just for Christmas… And they don’t come much more impressive than Amazon’s Most Wished For page, which gathers all the most popular items from its vast collection in one convenient place. We’ve combed through your fave products and picked out the best value items, from funky fashion pieces to nifty luggage holders and neat jewellery. These are our picks for the best value items from Amazon’s Most Wished for page… Once upon a time, lumberjacks used to be figures of slight mockery (think of Michael Palin singing about them in Monty Python). But their bucolic lifestyle is back in fashion, and their aesthetic is cool again – just check out this comfy padded jacket it’s inspired! Zip sweaters are the definitive smart casual item in a man’s wardrobe and it seems you’re all wishing for them…a lot. They’re suitable for looking chic at work, looking chill with mates, and looking relatively put together when you’re slumped on the sofa watching your third football match of a lazy Saturday. There are two main reasons why you’d wear these green cargo trousers. First, because you’re doing some manual work and they’re suitably practical (lightweight, with lots of pockets). Second, because they look super cool in a grungey kind of way and you’re all about the aesthetic. These silky PJs bring a touch of old Hollywood luxury to your night-time routine. They’re also light, airy, and perfect for incoming spring temperatures. Revive the spirit of the Sixties with these groovy dungarees. Pop these on and you’ll feel empowered to dance the night away to psychedelic beats and mind-expanding Dad rock. This shirt could be a movie. It’s T-Rex vs T-Rex, presented in stunning 3D style. Kids’ clothing doesn’t come much cooler or more cinematic than this. There IS such a thing as a Gruffalo, thank you very much, and if you nab one of these cute themed onesies, you won’t have to go searching for one in the forest: you’ll be able to see them clambering around your own home! Adults spend a huge amount of time dreaming back to their childhood, but children spend their days wishing they were all grown up. Indulge their fantasies with these uber-cool sunnies and prepare to see miniature versions of Tom Cruise in Top Gun strolling around your garden. Ah, Crocs – the most polarising of the shoe market. At the end of the day, they’re hard-wearing, practical and comfy – and really, what more can you ask for in a shoe? Plus, you can accessorise them endlessly, if you’re into that stuff… Exercise can be tough enough without it exacerbating foot and back pain. These high-quality insoles help cushion your feet while improving the bounce you get from jogging (or just strolling) along. Revel in serious post-punk swagger with these high and mighty wedge heels. Big old luggage cases can be a nightmare to move about, but this crafty product means you can say goodbye to crushing strangers’ feet in airport queues and there’ll be no further risk of running over toddlers with your suitcase. Stay funky on a limited budget with this neat compression cube. We know the name sounds very sci-fi but it basically just means you can bring more pants on holiday with you: result! Nifty enough to work as a cabin bag, this ingenious design invokes comparison with Doctor Who’s TARDIS (and not just because of its colour). Like TV’s most famous time machine, it’s well and truly bigger on the inside. Apple is the undisputed king of smart watches, and this edition does everything you could want from a watch – and much more, too. The SE is particularly sophisticated when it comes to tracking your health and fitness progress. Getting into watches? They can be pretty spenny, but the price is made worth it by the knowledge that you’re investing in a precious family item (and potential heirloom). Nice watches demand care and attention, and this handy tool kit provides the straightforward tools needed to deliver it. This tough and striking watch band is fully compatible with Apple Watches and will protect your (sizeable) investment perfectly. It also looks very much like the kind of watch Batman would wear. This elegant necklace wraps a wire representation of the Tree of Life around an Amethyst Crystal to symbolise positive growth and development. And as well as being oh-so-meaningful, it also looks great! At only £6.99, this little gem makes for a wholesome and inexpensive birthday gift. And, with all those four-leafed clovers, you should at least be getting your money’s worth in luckiness. Feeling fantastical? These cool earrings feature what look like dragon claws clutching strange luminous orbs. They’re perfect for injecting a bit of magic into everyday life. MORE : The best products on sale from Amazon right now you’ll actually use: From air fryers to Oral-B toothbrushes MORE : These Amazon bedroom buys look way more expensive than they are