The thought of a cashless society is still on the minds of our readers today – but would you be in favour of a digital currency? Some readers think not, especially when it comes to the devastating earthquakes in Turkey and Syria where the victims could only buy items with money. Another reader thinks we’ve forgotten about the use of debit and credit cards with the use of smartphones becoming ever-more popular. Other topics up for debate today include the Conservative Party’s new deputy chairman, Lee Anderson, calling for the return of the death penalty and supermarkets playing loud music. Read on and have your say. ■ Regarding the discussion about the pros and cons of a cashless society (MetroTalk, Fri), the power cuts caused by the devastating earthquake in Turkey and Syria made the e-transfer of money difficult. Some victims of the quake could buy goods only with cash. E-goods don’t exist when the power goes out, so it’s dangerous not to have physical or analogue options. Steven, Willenhall ■ When coins were introduced in ancient civilisations, there was no paper. So, no paper money. The thing about such coinage is that, although civilisations disappear, coins can survive burial. And once discovered, they can be studied and teach us about our forebears and history. Digital transactions will come and go, and be replaced by something else. But cash will always be king. Christina T, by email ■ Calm down, you bunch of antiquated doom-mongers. You’re all talking as if cash and phones are the only way to pay, and that credit and debit cards  don’t exist. We don’t need cash anymore. It should be consigned to the history books because we have the speed and convenience of chip, pin and contactless. Get over yourselves and get with the programme. And to those complaining about losing shop staff to self-service tills, if you go to the shops to converse with staff, you have bigger problems. Ben Walton, 43, Colchester ■ I’m 24 and I don’t have a smartphone. I always use cash and paper rail tickets. What would happen to people like me in a cashless society? Joe, Wakefield ■ Cash is real money and the safest way to transfer it is by cheque. The rise in fraud and scams should worry everyone who depends on electronic money. Remember, the baddies are usually one step ahead of the victim. It is already taking increasing amounts of police time and resources. Keep your money safe in your hands and your hands in your pockets. Bobby, Greater Manchester ■ Yes, if a phone runs out of power or is stolen, you’ll be left with no method to pay or contact people. But this is no different from the pre-mobile phone days of being out and losing your wallet. You’re still in the same position of not having access to your money. Simon, Dewsbury ■ I use what is laughably called a ‘smart card’. Practically every week, I have a situation on a bus where it doesn’t work. The tinpot machine doesn’t work but you’ve paid the money up front and are then penalised. What a joke, to be sure. Dec, Essex ■ Regarding the cashless society, the majority don’t want it but it’s wrapped up in fancy wording and will be pushed down our throats. Mill, Chigwell ■ I like that some people think physical money is outdated because when the card reader is out of service, it allows me to jump the queue when the shopkeeper asks, ‘Anyone paying cash?’ Dave, Canvey ■ Well done, Angry Paul (MetroTalk, Thu) for flagging up the many car drivers who don’t indicate. However, as a bus driver, I rarely see cyclists indicate. A lot of them swap between pavement and road without looking, let alone indicating. There is a greater percentage of bad cyclists than bad motorists. Bus Driver, Leicester ■ Angry Paul says a lot drivers don’t seem to use indicators. Cyclists are supposed to give arm signals – when was the last time you saw a cyclist do that? Mick, London ■ Few cyclists abide by traffic regulations. People are annoyed by them riding on pavements and running red lights. Peter, London ■ Why is it that supermarkets and other shops are these days playing loud and horrible music rather than something more relaxing and with softer melodies?This would be a joy to listen to while taking our time to slowly wander around the shop – and is something that could make customers spend more on their visit. When I go into shops that play loud and horrible music that’s more suitable for clubs, I just walk straight out of the place. Maybe it would be a good idea as an experiment to also have low-tone, relaxing music on trains and buses, because this could stop passengers listening to and speaking on their mobile phones, which can be an annoyance to other passengers when it’s too loud. Anthony, Hampshire ■ The Conservative Party’s new deputy chairman, Lee Anderson, has called for the return of the death penalty (Metro, Fri). The MP told The Spectator: ‘Nobody has ever committed a crime after being executed. You know that, don’t you?’ Anderson needs to remember that the death penalty is simply the killing of people to show people that killing people is wrong. He also needs to remember the tragic cases of Derek Bentley and Timothy Evans, who were given posthumous pardons after being hanged for murder. Phil, by email ■ To Joe in London (MetroTalk, Fri), who was going on about what Brexit has cost his small company. Well, Joe, democracy comes at a cost.There have been many decisions taken by governments of various persuasions over the years – sometimes they benefited me, sometimes not – but we don’t get to pick and choose which to adhere to. That’s democracy. If the political elite and big business got 100 per cent behind Brexit, we’d be much further along by now. So Joe, instead of bleating, why not put all of your energies into making Brexit work for your business? Jim, London ■ Jo and others (MetroTalk) say that Brexit would work ‘only if we all pulled together’. Can they tell me how, when we have handicapped all our trading links with our closest neighbours and the world, and there are no decent trading deals to replace what we had? Don’t we need trade to grow the economy and make money for the country? John Lewis, Coulsdon ■ To all Brexiters, I would like to say that I wish to never stop reminding you firstly of your stupidity in voting for Brexit and, secondly, of all the destruction it has caused and continues to cause. You do not deserve to get away with it. Andre, London Start a text with VIEWS followed by your comment, name and where you live to 65700. Standard network charge applies. Or email mail@ukmetro.co.uk. Helpline for Views, Rush-Hour Crush and Good Deed Feed: 020 3615 0600. Full T&Cs on metro.co.uk/terms. Metro is a member of the Independent Press Standards Organisation. Comments may be edited for reasons of legality, clarity or space.