A man who walked nearly 70km from London to Brighton got off lightly after his legs were ‘suspiciously not that stiff’ afterwards. Cam Vargas, 29, posted a screenshot from his latest Strava activity, but it was much longer than your average walk. In fact, he strolled a total of 68.98km – and more than 80,000 steps – from Croydon to Brighton. The communications worker soon attracted attention on Twitter after sharing his mega journey with his followers. He started off early on Saturday by getting a bus from his home in Camberwell to Croydon before beginning his walk. The 13-and-a-half hour trek took him through the likes of Redhill, Haywards Heath and Ardingly before reaching his coastal destination. Speaking about the experience, he told Metro.co.uk why he decided to give it a go: ‘It’s quite common to cycle from London’s Brighton, I went to the University of Sussex so I lived in Brighton. ‘I don’t have a bike anymore but I did quite a lot of cycling in lockdown, and I was just talking to my friend whether it would be possible to do it. ‘He was telling me about his friend who’d done it in two days, starting in London and camping halfway, around Crawley, then doing the rest the next morning.’ But Cam felt he could go one better and attempted to do it all in one day, even booking himself an AirBnb in Brighton to make sure he’d get there. ‘[My friend] didn’t want to do it until the summer, but I’m impatient – I’ve done longish hikes before and I just thought I’d just give it a go,’ he said. ‘I made myself commit to it by booking an Airbnb for when I got there, to force myself to do it. I didn’t really plan it too much or train or anything like that, I just figured out a route, and then went.’ He said the route was ‘pretty straightforward’, managing to avoid most roads and sticking to pavement and country walks most of the way. Cam said only around an hour of his time was used for pit stops: ‘About 12 and a half hours was actually me on the move, I stopped four times each for about 15 minutes. ‘I stopped at a cafe after about two hours and got a bacon and egg sandwich and a coffee, then stopped again two hours later for another coffee. ‘I knew I was going to burn loads of calories so I was just eating whatever I wanted and I had a massive doughnut and a coffee about two hours after that. ‘The third stop was by Ardingly Reservoir, where I had some leftover Chinese takeaway from the night before, then had one final stop with a coffee and a packet of caramel wafers.’ He described the feeling of finally completing the journey early on Saturday evening as ‘surreal’ and ‘emotional’, and finished it off in the most British way ever, with a trip to the pub. He concluded: ‘It’s a bit surreal when you’re doing it on your own because there’s no one to really share it with, but it was quite emotional – I haven’t been to Brighton in ages so it was really nice. ‘I ended up on Lewes Road so I went to a pub I used to go to when I lived there and a pint after doing that? It tasted amazing.’ Cam is keen on attempting a walk from London to Oxford next, as a ‘sensible step up’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.