Sebastian Stan admitted his co-star Julianne Moore blew him away as he spent time with the Hollywood star in preparation for their psychological thriller Sharper. The 40-year-old actor appears alongside the Oscar winner, 62, in Apple TV’s latest flick, which tells the story of two con artists as they fleece New York City’s billionaires. Directed by Benjamin Caron, the streaming site’s newest addition’s plot has been fiercely protected by cast and crew in a bid to gatekeep the script’s secrets and shock audiences. In the film, Sebastian takes on the role of Max, a crooked young gun running cons with his faux mother and romantic partner Madeline – aka Julianne. The duo share intimate on-screen moments as the storyline briefly explores a romantic connection between the older woman and dashing young villain. Speaking of his relationship with his co-star, Sebastian told Metro.co.uk at the movie’s premiere. which was held at London’s BFI Southbank: ‘We were really lucky because we had a week of rehearsals beforehand so we hung out and were able to talk about the backstory and relationship and how these characters came together. ‘Obviously, in the movie it’s sort of elusive. You don’t really get to know a lot about their backgrounds but yeah, I just sort of sat back and watched her go to work. ‘It was pretty special’. He continued on to say working with the veteran actor was ‘really great’ and ‘awesome’. ‘She’s just a really generous and lovely person on and off screen’, Sebastian gushed. He commented on how the star showed up to work ‘committed and expects you to do the same’ but admitted she was always open to hearing everyone’s ideas and takes on scenes. Also at the star-studded event on Tuesday evening, the film’s director Benjamin revealed Julianne was a massive factor in his wanting to sign on to the thriller. The Andor filmmaker explained on the night: ‘One of the reasons I did this film was because Julianne Moore was attached. ‘I then read the script and it was like, “Yes, yes, yes,” then they said they liked the vision for my film and so in many ways I have her to thank.’ Sharper is set to be released in UK cinemas on February 17, 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sebastian Stan hugged by Adam Pearson during A Different Man filming after Marvel star displays mind-blowing prosthetics MORE : Julianne Moore, Eva Longoria and Lashana Lynch lead star-studded arrivals at Cannes as film festival returns to glitz and glam 