Dancing On Ice judge Jayne Torvill revealed she injured her arm while ice skating and requires surgery. As props week kicked off on the ITV ice skating competition, Jayne was seen with her arm in a glamorous sequined sling, which matched her green dress. When asked about the injury by host Phillip Schofield, the 65-year-old reassured viewers that she was ‘fine’ – but there was no quick fix, sadly, and an operation was required. ‘Talking of things going wrong on the ice, I’ve ruptured my bicep tendon so I’m going to need surgery,’ she explained. ‘But I’m fine and will be back on the ice soon,’ the ex-Olympian added. No details were shared as to exactly when or how Jayne picked up her injury, but she and fellow judge and professional partner Christopher Dean take to the ice each week and are seen offering tips to the show’s contestants. To open the show, hosts Phillip and Holly Willoughby welcomed this week’s celebrity competitors and their partners to the rink while standing on giant prop boxes. Each couple has been appointed a prop to incorporate into their routine, with a trolley, feather boa and double bed among the mix for tonight’s show. Mollie Gallagher secured her highest score of the series so far with pro partner Sylvain Longchambon as she took to the ice for the first performance of the evening. Dressed as an air hostess, the Coronation Street actress gave an eye-catching performance using an airport trolley as her prop and bagged 33 out of 40. Carley Stenson then followed up with a solid 34.5 awarded to her and Mark Hanretty for their skate with a feather boa. It followed a challenging week for the pair, with Mark off sick until Friday. The Vivienne and Colin Grafton followed up their leader board-topping skate last week with another rousing routine paying homage to ‘another kind of drag’, with the racing flag prop helping them to 35.5 All is to skate for during this week’s Dancing On Ice, as the final six couples compete for a place in next week’s semi-final. Dancing On Ice continues on Sunday at 6:30pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Made In Chelsea’s Ollie Locke and husband Gareth announce they’re expecting twins after sharing surrogate journey MORE : What time is Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury and how to watch on TV in the UK? 