Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with King Charles for the first time as he made a surprise visit to the UK. Mr Zelenskyy met with the King after arriving in London earlier today. The pair shook hands at Buckingham Palace and the King held an audience with Mr Zelenskyy for the first time since the outbreak of war in Ukraine last year. The surprise trip was only announced at the last minute, with Mr Zelenskyy arriving at Gatwick Airport this morning. Mr Zelenskyy gave a speech in front of a packed Westminster Hall, before gifting a helmet from a Ukrainian fighter pilot with the words ”We have freedom, give us wings to protect it.’ He said victory over Russia ‘will change the world’ in his historic address to Parliament. In his speech, he spoke of how bravery ‘rewards victory’ and issued a personal thanks to former Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The president further spoke of how bravery ‘rewards victory’ and issued a personal thanks to former Prime Minister Boris Johnson. He added: ‘We know freedom will win. We know Russia will lose and this will change the world. ‘I appeal to you and the world with simple and yet most important words: combat aircraft for Ukraine, wings for freedom. ‘London has stood with Kyiv since day one, from the first seconds and minutes of the full-scale war, Great Britain you extended your helping hand when the world had not yet come to understand how to react. ‘Boris: you got others united when it seemed absolutely impossible. You didn’t compromise Ukraine and hence you didn’t compromise your ideals and thus you didn’t compromise the spirit of these great islands.’ The Ukrainian leader’s visit to London comes as Vladimir Putin faces further humiliating losses on the battlefield. Earlier this afternoon the King had been to visit some of the Bangladeshi communities in London. The King was dubbed an ‘inclusive and supportive’ monarch by a stalwart of London’s Bangladeshi community as he went on a walkabout in ‘Bangla Town’ Charles and Camilla shook hands, chatted to well-wishers and even received a takeaway from a South Asian restaurant during a visit to Brick Lane, described as a ‘marker’ for his reign. When the King removed his shoes as a mark of respect during a visit one of area’s most notable buildings, the Brick Lane mosque, once a church for French Huguenots before becoming a synagogue for the Jewish community, there appeared to be a hole his right sock. Camilla stood in her stocking feet as she chatted to members of the congregation and other guests. The visit celebrated the contribution of Bangladeshis to the life of the nation after overcoming initial racism, and Charles and his wife planted an elm tree in a nearby park in memory of Altab Ali, a young man fatally stabbed in a racist attack in 1978, who had the open space renamed in his honour. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.