A private school where the headteacher was found dead alongside her husband and their daughter in a suspected ‘murder suicide’ will close until after the half-term break. Emma Pattison, 45, was found dead with her husband George Pattison, 39, and their seven-year-old daughter Lettie at their home in the grounds of Epsom College in Surrey on Sunday. It is believed Mr Pattison killed them before dying by suicide. According to the BBC, acting headmaster Paul Williams announced on Tuesday that the school will close until after the half-term break following the ‘incredibly distressing’ details about how Mrs Pattison died. In a letter to parents he said it was time for families ‘to come together and try to process this shocking news.’ He said: ‘On Monday it was helpful to all come together as a community to receive and offer support. ‘We have had a team of counsellors at the College available for all pupils and staff. In addition to that, of course, we have all been here for anyone who is struggling and needs additional support. ‘However, the details that have emerged today are incredibly distressing and we feel it is best to close the College from this evening. ‘Now is the time for families to come together and try to process this shocking news.’ Mrs Pattison made a ‘distressed call’ to her sister, Deborah Kirk, late Saturday evening – prompting her family to drive down to Surrey, according to MailOnline. But they were too late. They arrived to discover the bodies of Emma, her husband and their daughter. School staff reportedly phoned emergency services after hearing gunshots tearing through the early morning silence. Surrey Police confirmed a firearm was found at the scene said to be licensed and registered to Mr Pattison. It was an isolated incident with no known third-party involvement, the force added. A cause of death will not be confirmed until post-mortem examinations are completed later this week. As a gun owner, police made a routine call to Mr Pattison, a chartered accountant, three days before the killings to check his address as he had updated his licence. Mrs Pattison became Epsom’s first female head in September 2022 after six years as headteacher of Croydon High School in south London. Boarding students at the college pay more than £42,000 a year and its alumni include Conservative MP Sir Michael Fallon, broadcaster Jeremy Vine and comedian Tim Vine. Mrs Pattison’s husband George was a chartered accountant who was director of a management consultancy called Tanglewood 2016, according to Companies House. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.