Valentine’s Day is so close we can almost taste the chocolate. But with the current cost of living crisis, most of us are looking to keep things low-key this year. So rather than splurging on fancy flowers, impressive jewellery, or even a romantic meal out, lots are looking to save the pennies. Thankfully, there are numerous things you can do to mark the occasion this year on a budget. We’ve rounded up some free or cheaper Valentine’s Day ideas for this year. You may have seen the rock, paper, scissors trend on TikTok for making decisions when choice paralysis takes over – especially when it comes to meal times. So why not try it on a Valentine’s Day dine-in supermarket meal deal? Each retailer has various options on offer for starters, mains and desserts and using the rock, paper, scissors hack can be a fun way of having your romantic meal decided for you. A free museum trip is a cute date idea for any time of the year – but, particularly, if you’re not big on soppiness for Valentine’s Day. Spend some time researching the ones in your areas – especially pop-ups. In London, for example,  head to Dan Flavin’s fluorescent light show in Mayfair, or Hyegyeong Choi’s Food Coma exhibition. Whereas in Liverpool, why not pop to the Tate on the docks for the free collection displays or try The Whitworth in Manchester. When it comes to presents, typically thought goes a lot further than the amount you spend – and it doesn’t get more thoughtful than a personalised playlist. Why not spend some time making a playlist of songs that remind you of them, or ones that hold special memories to you both. You could even pop it on in the background, if you’re enjoying a romantic night-in together. Wine tasting events can be expensive, but you can host your own and save a considerable amount of money. Plus, you have full control over the ones you do and don’t sample. Lots of supermarkets have offers around Valentine’s Day too – so you can snap up a bargain. Get a notepad out and report what you taste for each. You could even do a blind price taste test, too. Handmade presents are a very easy win for V-Day – and bonus points if they have a sentimental twist. Try making a scrapbook filled with things you’ve collected during your time together, or even a photo album with snaps of your relationship timeline. We all have hundreds of photos on our camera roll, but having a physical album is nice to have to flick through from time to time. Maybe you want to celebrate Valentine’s Day with your work wife or husband? Krispy Kreme is giving work spouses two limited-edition Valentine’s Day doughnuts for the price of one. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Deliveroo is giving out free starters and desserts this Valentines Day MORE : Feasting on the food of love: Sweet treats for Valentine’s Day indulgence MORE : Valentine’s Day lingerie that isn’t a case of thrush waiting to happen