A pair of one-year-old twins were the latest children to be saved from the earthquake wreckages in Turkey. The children were pulled from the rubble along with their parents after spending 40 hours trapped inside their collapsed home in Gazientep, south-eastern Anatolia. More than 11,000 people have been killed and thousands more left injured in 10 provinces across the Turkish-Syrian border after two strong earthquakes of 7.7- and 7.6-magnitudes hit the region on Monday. Elsewhere in Turkey, firefighters rescued a one-year-old girl from the rubble on Tuesday in quake-hit Antalya municipality. Footage showed the rescuer kissing the baby wrapped in a blanket and delivering her to ambulance crews. A newborn baby was also saved in a miracle rescue after her mother was left trapped under a collapsed building in Syria while giving birth. Footage showed the little girl being carried to safety in Jenderes. Despite surviving the ordeal, her mother is thought to have tragically died, along with the rest of her family. Feryal Yasar, 39, was also rescued from under the rubble of a collapsed six-storey building after she was spotted by a search team. Turkey’s emergency agency AFAD says more than 2,600 personnel from 65 countries have been sent to the disaster area to assist their rescuers. But their efforts were further impeded by close to 200 aftershocks, which made checking through unstable structures incredibly tough. In total, 300,000 blankets and more than 41,000 family tents have been delivered. However, less aid has been delivered to Syria due to the ongoing civil war and fraught political situation. Chairwoman of the Foreign Affairs Committee Alicia Kearns said Britons should donate to a Syrian humanitarian group if they want to help with rescue efforts after the earthquake. ‘I would ask anyone wanting to help, particularly in Syria… please donate to the White Helmets’, she told the BBC. ‘The amazing videos you’re seeing of children being pulled out of destroyed buildings, the reason these people are experts at it is because they’ve spent 12 years pulling people out of burnt-down bombed buildings. ‘Please donate to the White Helmets and support them, and the Government will therefore focus their support to Turkey.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.