Britain’s youngest National Lottery winner is set to go back to school to become a nurse. Callie Rogers, 34, was just 16 when she won nearly £2 million in 2003, before the mum from Cumbria blew her winnings on boob jobs, clothes, and ‘gifts’ to friends and family. Ms Rogers is said to have revealed she wishes to turn her life around and has secured a place on a nursing course at the University of Central Lancashire. Last week the winner of the biggest payout in lottery history was revealed, as Edwin Castro scored a record-breaking $2.04 billion (around £1.67 billion) in the Powerball jackpot back in November. The California man was the sole winner of the prize and his good fortune came despite odds of approximately one in 292.2 million. But Callie, who won a fraction of that huge amount told The Sun: ‘Taking time out and working on yourself to become a better person pays off. ‘So proud of myself and the future I’m making for my little family,’ she added. She will start the course in September this year. Ms Rogers won the jackpot when she was just a teenager earning £3.60 an hour as a checkout girl at the Co-op and was living with foster parents in Cockermouth, Cumbria. The mother-of-four was also hit with a 22-month driving ban in 2021 after her 4×4 crashed into a hedge whilst she was high on cocaine, it was reported. Rogers had to be pepper sprayed when police detained her after she veered off a country lane while being chased by police in Cumbria. In 2018 Callie was assaulted by two women after a night out, leaving her unconcious with broken ribs, smashed teeth, concussion and permanent sight damage. Ms Rogers has previously said lottery companies should impose an age limit on players – after her own fortune sent her off the rails. She said: ‘You’re only 16, with all that responsibility. At that age, you can get the best advice ever but you’re not in a position to listen. ‘I was too young. Overnight I went from [a] carefree child to adult.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.