Now, having a pop star write songs about you can never be normal, right? But for Olly Murs, he’s said his other half found it especially strange. The former X Factor star, 38, is currently engaged to Amelia Tank, 30, after he proposed to her in June 2022 following nearly three years of dating. Naturally, the body-builder has been Olly’s muse for his music, and he’s not afraid to admit that his tunes are about her. Speaking on The One Show on Friday (February 24), the Essex star revealed how his latest single, I Found Her, came to be. ‘I love everything about it… the outfits, the eighties vibes… but you’re actually singing about your lovely fiancée, aren’t you?’, host Alex Jones began. ‘No I’m not,’ Olly teased in response. Laughing, he clarified: ‘No, I am, I am. It’s about Amelia, yeah.’ ‘The whole album is about her, really,’ he added of his latest number one record, Marry Me. ‘That song was, two years ago, I actually wrote that in lockdown, it was one of the first songs that we did for the album. At the time, The Weeknd was about with that song everyone was doing in lockdown, the dance (Blinding Lights), and this whole eighties vibe was in the charts, so I said, “Come on, let’s just write a tune about it”,’ he explained. ‘Obviously, I found her, it was about Amelia, and yeah, she loved it, I think!’ ‘And I’m guessing never had a song written about her before?’, Alex asked, to which Olly quipped: ‘I hope not! I’m the first!’ ‘It was weird playing it to her, actually, for the first time,’ he admitted. ‘I think she was a bit like… this is weird. You know? You’re playing a song that you’ve wrote about me today, but I’m like… yes! It’s nice.’ Olly and Amelia frequently showcase their romance on social media with adorable snaps. However, they’ve kept their wedding plans under wraps up… as the Heart Skips a Beat singer jokingly said he feared his partner would ‘kill’ him if he let any details slip. When asked whether he’s set a date for his wedding, Olly said on the Graham Norton Show in December that it will be ‘next summer, around June or July.’ However, even that was probably something he should’ve kept to himself. ‘She’ll kill me for telling you,’ he revealed, before adding: ‘I have a best man but I haven’t told him yet.’ The One Show airs on BBC One, weekdays at 7pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bianca Gascoigne shares adorable snap of new daughter Baby B days after giving birth MORE : Noel Gallagher appears to be channelling heartbreak from marriage split into new music 