Are you getting Valentine’s Day presents for your significant other? Well, you should try to conjure the spirit of this husband, who’s cracked the code for the sweetest gift. Jake O’Neill, from the Sunshine Coast in Australia, who creates online content with his wife Brooke Styles, came up with a unique idea – a chandelier vase. Over on their TikTok channel, Jake shared the process of making the creative present, filled with flowers Brooke has planted in their garden. Using an old lamp and repurposing an embroidery hoop, Jake was able to hang the rings over the light bulb like a chandelier. He then cut semi-circles on the outer edge of the hoop to allow small dials that would hold the flowers to fit in. Lastly, when the DIY contraption was made, Jake picked a bunch of colourful plants from their garden and put it together, before surprising Brooke with it. The sweet present went down a treat on the couple’s TikTok channel, We the Seekers, where many viewers dubbed it ‘the most romantic’ gift ever. People in their droves commended Jake for his creativity. One person wrote: ‘My jaw is on the floor. This is the most romantic thing I’ve ever seen. Bless your heart’. Many viewers said Jake was showing the way for the most romantic partner. One wrote: ‘Ladies it’s 2023, we aren’t settling for less than this. There are good ones still out there!’ ‘Set that bar consistently high king,’ one more said, while another questioned where they could find a man like him, asking: ‘What am I doing wrong?’ Another chimed in: ‘One year I asked my ex if he could even just pick me a flower from the garden and he couldn’t even do that’. Let’s hope for more Jakes in the world – and to anyone considering a homemade gift, know that if you put in the effort, it can be more impressive than you imagined. Do you have a story you want to share? Email MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk to tell us more. MORE : Starbucks is giving away love notes and bespoke reusable cups for Valentine’s Day MORE : Six cheap Valentine’s Day ideas to try this year MORE : Deliveroo is giving out free starters and desserts this Valentine’s Day