As Oscar-winning blockbuster Titanic celebrates 25 years since it was released, James Cameron has conceded that there is a very small chance that Jack could, in fact, have survived on the door with Rose. It’s a debate that’s raged over the years since viewers first watched the emotional end of the movie, and now footage of Cameron and a team of scientific experts conducting an experiment on the question has been released. The National Geographic special Titanic: 25 Years Later With James Cameron is set to air in the US on Sunday, in which Cameron and the crew recreate the famous scene and test separate scenarios to see if Jack (played by Leonardo DiCaprio) could have fitted on the door with Kate Winslet’s Rose without either of them drowning or freezing to death. ‘We have done a scientific study to put this whole thing to rest and drive a stake through its heart once and for all,’ Cameron told Postmedia back in December of the experiment. Despite saying then that he felt it revealed ‘there was no way they both could have survived’, it appears the writer, director and producer has something slightly different to say in the TV programme itself. A clip from the documentary shows him working with the scientists as well as two stunt actors with the same body mass as DiCaprio and Winslet to test various theories. ‘Jack and Rose are able to get on the raft, but now they’re both submerged in dangerous levels of freezing water,’ Cameron points out after the first test, which sees both of them clamber onto the door. The next scenario has both actors in a different position on the door-cum-raft, with their upper bodies – and, crucially, vital organs – lifted out of the water, which promises a better potential outcome. ‘Out of the water, [his body’s] violent shaking was helping him. Projecting it out, he could’ve made it pretty long. Like, hours,’ Cameron admits. In the final test, the team decided to make it even closer to the real scenario by having the stand-ins perform everything Jack and Rose go through before finding the door, including a passenger trying to float on Rose and Jack punching them. This time around, Rose also gives her lifejacket to Jack to help protect him – which is different to the film – leading to the most positive outcome so far. Noting that the actor’s stats ‘stabilised’, Cameron explains to camera: ‘He got into a place where if we projected that out, he just might’ve made it until the lifeboat got there. ‘Jack might’ve lived, but there’s a lot of variables.’ However, the director stands by his original decision to have Jack sacrifice himself, pointing out: ‘I think his thought process was, “I’m not going to do one thing that jeopardises her” and that’s 100 percent in character.’ Kate Winslet, who reunited with her Titanic director for Avatar: The Way of Water, has also weighed in on this debate recently, saying that she felt pretty adamant they both couldn’t have survived. ‘Yes, he could have fit on that door. But it would not have stayed afloat. It wouldn’t,’ she said in an interview during the press tour. In the same conversation, the 47-year-old told the Happy Sad Confused podcast: ‘I don’t f**king know. That’s the answer. I don’t f**king know. ‘Look, all I can tell you is, I do have a decent understanding of water and how it behaves. ‘If you put two adults on a stand-up paddleboard, it becomes immediately, extremely unstable. That is for sure. ‘I have to be honest: I actually don’t believe that we would have survived if we had both gotten on that door. ‘I think he would have fit, but it would have tipped and it would not have been a sustainable idea.’ So, are we convinced? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : James Gunn responds to backlash over Shazam star Zachary Levi’s anti-vaccine comment MORE : Paddington 3’s future is distressingly uncertain according to voice star Ben Whishaw: ‘It’s gone silent’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 