Star Trek legend Michael Dorn has opened up on the sensational legacy he’s created as Worf, holding the record for the most appearances by a regular cast member in the franchise. In season 3 of Picard – the final outing for the sci-fi series on Amazon Prime Video – Jean-Luc Picard (Sir Patrick Stewart) is reunited with several familiar faces from his past, including William Riker (Jonathan Frakes), Geordi La Forge (LeVar Burton) and Beverly Crusher (Gates McFadden). Klingon warrior and Starfleet officer Worf also makes a return, having first appeared in 1987 in the TV show Star Trek: The Next Generation, before appearing in the programme Deep Space Nine, as well as the movies Star Trek: Insurrection, First Contact and Generations. Metro.co.uk recently spoke to Michael alongside his Picard co-star Michelle Hurd, who stars as Raffi Musiker, asking the actor how he feels to have made history throughout his many years playing the fearsome character. ‘I didn’t really even think about it or know about it until maybe five years ago or three or four… something like that, where somebody said something and I went, “Oh my God.” I just didn’t think about it,’ the 70-year-old shared. Michael recalled how when he was first cast in Next Generation, he was asked whether he felt worried about being ‘typecast’ for the rest of his career. However, that thought didn’t concern him whatsoever. ‘Interestingly enough when I first got the job in Next Generation somebody said, “Are you afraid of being typecast?” And I go, “Well, you know what, if they said, ‘Michael, you’re going to play Worf for the rest of your career,’ that would be fine with me.’ And all of a sudden I went, oh my God I played Worf the rest of my career,’ he stated. He added that boasting the most appearances as a regular cast member in Star Trek was a ‘nice little legacy to have’. ‘It is a nice little legacy to have. A very nice little legacy. I don’t think anybody has done that, except for some of the old shows that went on for 20 years and stuff like that. But in terms of Star Trek, it was a nice little legacy to have,’ he stated. Given the number of Next Generation icons who appear in Picard season three, fans of the original series may be wondering what they can expect from the programme and how their various storylines will be tied up. Showrunner Terry Matalas promised Metro.co.uk that viewers who have followed these characters for years will feel ‘satisfied’ by the conclusion. ‘In a lot of ways it’s a final sort of Star Trek The Next Generation film, a 10-part movie. And it’s sort of a passing of the baton from the last generation to the next in so many ways,’ he outlined. ‘I think I can guarantee that it’s a satisfying conclusion to Star Trek: The Next Generation fans and that we didn’t leave anything on the floor.’ Picard is available to watch on Paramount Plus via Amazon Prime Video, with new episodes released on Fridays. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : How to watch Star Trek: Picard season 3 in the UK and how many episodes will there be? MORE : Picard season 3 promises to deliver ‘satisfying conclusion’ for Star Trek: Next Generation fans in ’emotional story’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 