A new map has revealed the London boroughs most prone to bike thefts, with one particular east London area being the worst-hit in the capital. The number of residents cycling across London has only continued to rise in recent years – but this has also led to an increase in the number of bicycle thefts being reported, too. Police data has revealed that Hackney is the most impacted borough in London for bike theft reports between November 2021/22 with 1,869 reported incidents. Southwark was not far behind at 1,812, while Tower Hamlets was in third place with 1,760. Bike thefts aren’t so common in many other London boroughs with more than 50% of the capital’s bike theft occurred in just eight out of the 32 boroughs. Bexley reported just 120 thefts in the time period, with other London boroughs low down on the list including Harrow with 144 and Havering at 153. Nick Titchener, criminal defence solicitor at London law firm Lawtons Solicitors, commented on why there has been such an increase in thefts. He explained: ‘We are seeing from the latest data that bike thefts are soaring in central London with the outer boroughs minimally impacted in comparison. ‘More people living and commuting around London will rely on cycling in the New Year for a number of reasons. ‘The cost of living crisis after Christmas will impact people’s travel plans, commuters will be seeking more low-cost options and with January well known for those planning a health kick, the number of cyclists on the roads in London will increase.’ Mr Titchener gave the shocking statistic that only 1.1% of all bike thefts ‘lead to a formal sanction’ which has remained unchanged compared to 2020/21 data. He urged those who plan to cycle around the city: ‘Take extra precautions by locking up their bikes somewhere safe or invest in efficient security measures and locks that will deter criminals from stealing their bikes’. It’s estimated that around four times as many Londoners live within 400 metres of the cycle network now since 2016. With more travel disruption planned in the weeks and months to come, cycling will be the only option for many in central zones across London. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.