A family who splashed out £166 for ‘secure parking’ at Heathrow Airport were shocked to return and find it had been targeted by thieves. Oliver and Amy Clague claim their car was ‘written off’ as a result. The couple say they had ‘paid extra’ for Heathrow’s official long-stay car park while they were in Canada. They thought the location would the safer option – however were shocked to find that theft ‘happens often there’. The Bristol couple were travelling with their one-year-old son, Jack, and had not slept for over 24 hours when they made the discovery at around midday on January 28. Oliver, who works as a TV director, said: ‘When I got into the car and started it up it made the loudest noise, so I called my friend who’s a mechanic and asked him why the car would sound like that. ‘He told me to look under the front and check that nothing is missing, I looked under and could see a pipe that should connect to something with a big gap. ‘He told me that people were going round stealing catalyst converters. I was in shock and disbelief when I went back to my wife and crying baby. ‘When I told her part of our engine had been stolen she couldn’t quite believe it either. ‘It just didn’t occur to me that my car wouldn’t be safe – the car park is branded as safe and secure on the website with 24/7 patrols.’ The family pressed an emergency button at the bus stop to summon a parking attendant who ‘didn’t seem shocked’ about the incident. A catalyst converter costs between £150 and £800 on average in the UK, and can be removed from a car relatively easily. The family were told by the person who towed their car that he had seen this happen to other cars in the car park. The car is now with the family’s insurance, who are assessing the damage. However Oliver says it’s a possibility they’ll write the car off as catalyst converters are so expensive to replace. He said: ‘The whole thing is a shock to me. ‘After it happened, I Googled it and it’s been reported that it’s happened before. If I had known I never would have parked there, it would have been cheaper to get a taxi.’ The family did eventually receive a refund for their parking, however feel like they need to ‘warn others’ of the problem. Oliver added: ‘If Heathrow are saying they’re providing a safe and secure parking service, then how are they not responsible when a part of my car gets stolen. ‘It seems like Heathrow don’t care and don’t want to help unless they have to. Even with a refund, £166 doesn’t help fix the car or deal with the stress of not having one at all.’ Heathrow has been approached for a comment by Metro.co.uk Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.