Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis are thought to be clashing once again, it has been claimed. The former couple were spotted sharing a warm hug over the weekend, suggesting any tension between them had thawed. They made headlines when they called time on their nine-year romance at the end of 2020, with the Don’t Worry Darling director moving on with Harry Styles. Despite looking friendly, according to reports, the pair are still battling it out to decide on how child support will be handled over their two kids, Otis and Daisy. TMZ reports that judges in both New York and California previously ruled that all custody issues should be handled in LA, but Jason’s New York lawyer approached a judge in the state to resolve child support issues. Insiders close to Jason have told the outlet that he doesn’t want any child support, and is willing to pay the OC actress ‘a reasonable amount’ either decided by the two of them or by an official. A hearing has been set for February 15, something that Olivia’s legal team have filed documents to dismiss, so that all issues involving their children can be resolved in LA. Since their split, Otis and Daisy had been splitting their time between Los Angeles, New York and London due to their parents’ busy work schedules. The Hollywood stars had been locked in a court battle over where their children would officially reside – the filmmaker was famously served papers by her ex while on stage at CinemaCon in April. The Ted Lasso actor had wanted the youngsters to live in New York rather than LA, something that was denied by the judge last summer. Last September, Olivia opened up about the impact of the split on her family during a stint on the Kelly Clarkson Show, explaining how transparent she has been with their children. ‘It’s allowed for some really deep conversations with my kids about emotions and about happiness and about what family means and love,’ she said. ‘It’s actually allowed me to get to know them in a different way… ‘My priority is them. That’s what it is. It’s as long as they’re happy and they’re healthy then, my ex and I, we agree on that. They are everything to us.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Jason and Olivia for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders star Jake Wood stuns fans with picture of almost identical son MORE : Oti Mabuse finally lands her very own chat show and it’s about time  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 