Sacha Baron Cohen may not have been in character as Borat but he was still as camp as anything at the Producers Guild of America Awards, putting on a very theatrical skit which saw him being ‘attacked’ on stage. The Ali G Indahouse star attended the ceremony on Saturday to present the Darryl F Zanuck Award for outstanding producer of theatrical motion pictures to Oscars contender Everything Everywhere All at Once. However, nothing went to plan with Sacha, 51, delivering quite an entertaining performance that left the star-studded audience – including the likes of Tom Cruise and Jamie Lee Curtis, in stitches. In a clip from the ceremony shared on Twitter, the British actor is seen looking dapper in a black tuxedo with his hair slicked back as he spoke from the podium. Just as he was about to read the nominees from an envelope, a man suddenly charges at Sacha from stage left while screaming. The actor is then tackled by the balaclava-clad man who clearly met his match as Sacha didn’t fall easily, pretending to punch, kick and stamp on the stage invader as the fake fight ensued. The mystery man – who also wore a suit – later pulled a plank of styrofoam from behind a curtain and held it in front of Sacha, who then snapped it into pieces. Much to the amusement of the crowd, Sacha wrestled the man to the ground before a moment of faux realisation dawned on him. ‘It was my brother!’ Sacha fake cried after checking the man’s ID. He then dramatically sobbed over his ‘brother’s’ unresponsive body before planting a kiss on his mouth. Ending the hilarious skit, Sacha said: ‘At least Her Majesty can sleep well tonight,’ as the audience cheered. It’s never a dull moment when Sacha is around! Dramatics aside, it was a momentous night for Top Gun actor Cruise, who received the prestigious David O Selznick Award, a lifetime achievement accolade previously won by Steven Spielberg and Kevin Feige among others. During his speech, Cruise – who has produced many of his movies including the first Mission: Impossible movie in 1996 and more recently, Top Gun: Maverick – delivered a heartfelt speech thanking fans and his mentors. ‘My whole life I wanted to make movies,’ he began. ‘I wanted to travel the world, and have adventure.’ Recalling working on his debut film, Taps, in 1981, he said: ‘I was certain this was something I wanted to do for the rest of my life.’ He thanked Jerry Bruckheimer for ‘opening the door’ for him in the producing world, stating: ‘You welcomed me in and I will be grateful forever.’ Cruise, 60, also recognised ;all the audiences, for whom I work first and foremost, thank you for letting me entertain you’. Other top winners included Everything Everywhere All At Once, which scooped the prize for best theatrical motion picture making it a likely winner at the Oscars next month, while Guillermo del Toro’s Pinnochio’s took best nominated film, and Till won the Stanley Kramer Award which honours a production or producer that illuminates and raises public awareness of important social issues. Mindy Kaling received the Norman Lear achievement award in television for her work producing shows including The Mindy Project, The Sex Lives of College Girls and The Office. Elvis may not have won but Austin Butler, fresh from his Baftas win, shone like a star as he attended alongside the Presley biopic’s director Baz Luhrmann and his wife Catherine Martin. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Celebrity plastic surgeon spills stars’ secret to non-invasive eternal youth and debunks cosmetic trends for 2023 MORE : Love Island’s Martin Akinola not convinced Tanya Manhenga is ‘in love’ with Shaq Muhammad 