A pet without a home tugs at the heartstrings at any time of year, but there’s something particularly sad about all the animals who are looking for love on special occasions. They should be snuggling up next to loving owners, but instead, they’re spending another day waiting to be chosen. But remember, much like Christmas, a pet is for life, not just for Valentine’s Day. So if you’ve been seriously thinking about opening your home to a new animal pal, why not cast your eyes over these pets who top their respective shelters’ lists of animals in desperate need of forever homes. The charity says: ‘Young lad Meeko can be a little nervous on first meeting but forms fantastic bonds with people once he gets to know them. As a lover of the countryside, he is looking for a home that has plenty of secure outdoor space where he can run and play as he enjoys playtime.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Meeko, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Casper is a tall and friendly chap who came into the charity’s care as a stray. This three-year-old is looking for a home with quiet and calm new owners who can help build his confidence in his new home and outside environment.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Casper, you can get in touch with Blue Cross on their website. The charity says: ‘Romeo is an indoor rabbit who is looking for a home where he can meet his Juliet. Although a little shy at first, with a confident new owner he will come out of his shell and grow in confidence. He is looking for a home with a neutered female rabbit.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Romeo, you can get in touch with Blue Cross on their website. The charity says: ‘He is a happy and social boy who enjoys being around people. Potential new owners can be put off because he has an odd gait and can come across as a bit clumsy and wobbly on his legs. He’s not on any medication for this as our vet believes these traits are neurological in origin and will likely affect him lifelong. The symptoms may continue as they are now, or sadly they may deteriorate. Ultimately, we cannot be certain, but it certainly doesn’t get in the way of Patrick being a loving and happy dog.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Patrick, you can get in touch with Blue Cross on their website. The charity says: ‘Poppet and her companion Bentley are looking for a new home together and will need to live with someone who understands rabbits and their needs. They are indoor rabbits and will need a rabbit-proof space such as a spare room away from any hustle and bustle or even an insulated or heated outbuilding.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Poppet and Bentley, you can get in touch with Blue Cross on their website. The charity says: ‘Four-year-old Prince certainly lives up to his name and is a sweet-natured dog with handsome looks to match. Once he gets to know you, Prince’s playful side shines through, and he loves to spend his days playing throw and pounce games with his collection of fluffy toys.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Prince, you can get in touch with Battersea on their website. The charity says: ‘The nine-year-old Staffordshire bull terrier came into the charity’s care as his owner was too ill to look after him any more. He’s such a sweet old gentleman and the charity would love to find him a perfect match this Valentine’s Day. He’d prefer a house with a garden to explore as he struggles when out and about and can find walks a bit daunting. If you’re interested in rehoming Duke, you can visit the Blue Cross website. The charity says: ‘Mia is a beautiful girl with a very loving nature. She is currently in a foster home where her foster carers sing her praises and say she is a joy to have in the home. Mia is housetrained and is happy to be left alone for a few hours. She loves her home comforts and can usually be found snuggled up somewhere cosy.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Mia, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Barb is full of affection and enjoys nothing more than a snuggle with her human friends – she just loves to be around you! She is also a huge fan of her toys, especially the soft ones. Barb is playful and clever, she picks up new tricks very quickly, especially if there is a treat on offer. Barb is sure to bring lots of fun and smiles to her new owner’s lives.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Barb, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Beautiful Daphne loves to play with her toys. A tennis ball is her top choice, and she will happily play with it by herself or with her favourite people, but she also enjoys going for short strolls. Daphne can be worried by new people, so her new owners will need to visit her multiple times, so you can build a great bond before adoption.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Daphne, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘He’s very well-behaved and easy to handle for his age and is looking for a home as a non-ridden companion pony. A Welsh Sec A type, he would also love to live with other young ponies like himself, as he is full of energy. He can live out 24/7 with a shelter or be part-stabled.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Prancer, you can get in touch with Blue Cross on their website. The charity says: ‘Drew is a really sweet and gentle older gentleman with a sensitive side. He was quite nervous when he first arrived, but has really started to come out of himself. He came in with several other hounds, and has limited experience from living in a home so will need new owners who are prepared to help him with all his basic training.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Drew, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Cody is big on affection; he loves a fuss and snuggle and enjoys stretching on a sofa with his humans to watch a movie together. He is happy to jump in the car to go for quiet, peaceful walks. Cody can make doggie pals and has quite a few here at the rehoming centre but he can be overwhelmed if there are too many running around him.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Cody, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Thumper is a happy little chap who always wants to be involved in what you’re doing, following his human friends around when he has the opportunity. Valentine is a very social girl and loves being around her human companions. She is very inquisitive and will often hop up to you to see if you have anything tasty.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Valentine and Thumper, you can get in touch with Blue Cross on their website. The charity says: ‘He is happiest when relaxing on his bed or having some tasty treats to snack on (which will be great positive reinforcement for his training). Thyme was found as a stray and so we’re unsure whether he’s had experience within a home. Due to this, he will need a patient and understanding family that can show him the ropes and help him to settle into home living.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Thyme, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Conker has a big heart and so much love to give. He can be shy when first meeting new people, but with a slow approach and some tasty treats, he’ll soon become your friend for life.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Conker, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Chester is on the lookout for a peaceful and relaxing home. This 14-year-old has a sweet nature and loves to be around humans, have some fuss and to play. He is looking for an indoor home where there are no other cats or dogs. He also needs support from some daily medication which the team at the centre can explain.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Chester, you can get in touch with Blue Cross on their website. About: ‘Jake is eight years old and one of the sweetest, most loving dogs you could ever wish to meet. He likes to take his time to get to know you properly, and if you give him the space he needs initially then in no time he’ll be your shadow. He’s super foody so if there are a few treats on offer he’ll show you all his training moves.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Jake, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Binx is a super fun and energetic Staffie crossed with a Whippet. He is very smart and loves to learn new tricks and needs new owners who can keep him entertained with fun training. Recently he started to learn scent work and is a natural at it.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Jake, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Mike is a super affectionate older boy. He loves chilling out, relaxing and receiving lots of love from those he knows. He is a wonderful boy to walk, and he enjoys having doggy friends out on his explorations. He likes to snuggle up on the sofa, cuddling up and then go for nice potters out and about.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Mike, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Hooper is a cheeky, handsome chap who is looking for a family to settle him back into home life. He loves being out on walks, is a real sniff-a-holic, and loves his toys, especially fluffy ones that he can throw around.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Hooper, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Mitzie, who is nearly 12 years old, came to Blue Cross when sadly her owner passed away. She has hyperthyroidism, a condition which is controlled by medication. She is the loveliest cat, so affectionate and would love a sofa to curl up on.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Mitzie, you can get in touch with Blue Cross on their website. The charity says: ‘Alfie is a two-year-old Lurcher who needs owners with a lot of patience to help him realise the world isn’t a scary place. With time and understanding, his character really does start to shine through and you will discover that he really is very affectionate and playful – he has a goofy side.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Alfie, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Roger is a confident bunny and is very comfortable around people. He is a very inquisitive boy who always likes to be doing things, whether that be exploring new areas and toys or interacting with his human friends. Mabel is a very sweet bunny who is also comfortable around people. Initially, she was nervous but has come on leaps and bounds and is now rather confident.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Roger and Mabel, you can get in touch with Blue Cross on their website. The charity says: ‘Don’t let his age fool you, he is still full of life and loves to be busy. This little guy is full of personality and is also super clever, constantly wanting to learn new tricks and loves to perform for people.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Woody, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Six-year-old Eddie has lots of fans – everyone loves hearing his happy Hound howl as he announces himself around the centre. Once you’ve made friends with Eddie, you’ll experience the fun-loving character that we have all fallen in love with.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Eddie you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: ‘Kita and Casper are lovely, playful dogs, who both absolutely love toys. They are very bonded so are looking for a home together. Casper can be a bit aloof with new people but once he’s built a bond he does enjoy a fuss.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Kita and Casper, you can get in touch with Dogs Trust on their website. The charity says: Robbie is a sweet boy who enjoys a little bit of fuss but definitely prefers this to be on his terms so would prefer a home with just adults or with older children/teenagers. He is looking to live with a neutered female rabbit who he can slowly be bonded with once he’s settled into his new home.’ If you’re interested in rehoming Robbie, you can get in touch with Blue Cross on their website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Pilot adopts puppy abandoned in airport that was due to be put down MORE : Neglected elderly dog with ‘worst case of fleas’ seen by rescue charity finds forever home MORE : Dog leads rescuers to owner buried under rubble for days after Turkey-Syria quake