Actress Jean Smart has announced she recently underwent heart surgery and is now in recovery. The Emmy-winning actress, best known for roles in shows such as Frasier and Hacks, shared the news with her followers on Instagram on Thursday. It’s the first time Smart, 71, has opened up about her health issues and she explained that she shared the news to mark American Heart Month, which takes place each February in the US. She wrote: ‘February is American Heart Month – a time when the nation spotlights heart health, so it feels important to share with all of you that I am recovering from a recent successful heart procedure. ‘I am fortunate to have excellent care and support from family and friends while I continue to recuperate.’ Concluding with a message of advice for her fans, Smart added: ‘Please listen to your body and talk to your doctor – I’m very glad I did!’ Smart did not reveal which type of heart procedure she had. The Brady Bunch Movie actress was bombarded with supportive messages, with one follower commenting: ‘So glad you’re recovering well! I’m a 40 year bypass survivor and still going strong.’ Another wrote: ‘Thanks so much for sharing this message ❤️ I am so very glad to hear you are recovering. I’m sending you a lot of positive energy.’ One other added: ‘Thank goodness, Jean! Wishing you the speediest recovery, Queen!’ Praising Smart’s performance in her current TV series Hacks, one fan said warmly: ‘Sending you love, healing and a speedy recovery we need a 3rd season of Hacks you put on a show!’ Hacks has aired since 2021 and sees Smart star as Deborah Vance, a legendary Las Vegas comic who forms a dark mentorship with an entitled, outcast 25-year-old comedy writer. The role has earned Smart the Primetime Emmy Award for outstanding lead actress in a comedy series and the Golden Globe Award for best actress – television series musical or comedy. In recent years, the actress has maintained a busy work schedule with roles in acclaimed TV series Mare of Easttown, alongside Kate Winslet and which also earned her another Emmy nomination, and the movie Babylon also starring Brad Pitt and Margot Robbie. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : R Kelly sentenced to 20 years for child sex crimes MORE : Perfect Match star Francesca Farago calls out Netflix dating show over ‘editing’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 