If your little one’s just got home and sprung World Book Day on you, try not to panic. The event falls on the first Thursday of March each year, which inevitably also means the first Wednesday of March is spent scrabbling to find a costume. Forget buying something for the occasion – after all, kids grow so quickly and it’ll only end up at the back of the wardrobe after its outing. Instead, go with items you already own for a World Book Day outfit that’s better for the planet and your pocket. It’s easy to DIY an ensemble that’ll wow their classmates without much fuss or cost on your end. You’ve got enough to deal with to start sewing and hot-gluing intricate garments, so let us furnish you with some simple yet effective costume ideas to de-stress dressing up. David Walliams’ Gangsta Granny is an easy one to recreate – you can even borrow a few favourites from your grandma’s wardrobe to help. A floral blouse or cardigan with a black skirt, tights, and black shoes creates the base for the costume. Add a piece of black fabric with eye holes cut out for Granny’s disguise, alongside a pair of glasses and a bag for her swag. If your child’s hair doesn’t resemble that of an elderly fugitive, dry shampoo or talc can be used to turn their locks greyish white. Harry Potter remains one of the most popular children’s books, so expect to see a few at the school gates this World Book Day. For a Harry costume that won’t clean out your Gringott’s account, start with their school shirt and trousers and add any burgundy and yellow accessories you have for a Gryffindor spin. Harry’s glasses are his signature, but you can draw these on with face paint in a pinch. Use a red or pink lip pencil to draw on his characteristic scar and repurpose a chopstick, large twig, or drumstick for a wand. To DIY a robe, a black cardigan or light jacket in an adult size can work, or you could even dye your child’s dressing gown black with Dylon’s Washing Machine Dye Pods – cosy and fits the theme. This fearsome Roald Dahl character is hilarious and not too much effort as a Woild Book Day costume. Emulate her sportswear fit in a grey sweatshirt, black tracksuit bottoms, boots and fingerless gloves. Add a waist belt, shotput, javelin and sports bag for finishing touches. The Trunchbull bun is key to this look, and an eyebrow pencil monobrow makes it instantly recognisable. Another Walliams character, Billionaire Boy is ideal for parents who can’t face crafting. The main character Joe Spud is mostly seen in his school uniform, so that’s easy. Add a roll of loo paper with Bumfresh written on it and you’re good to go. Because there have been various iterations of Nancy Drew on our screens, it’s a costume that leaves a lot of room for interpretation. Carolyn Keene’s teen detective is usually seen sporting a tartan skirt, some form of knitwear and sensible shoes. Glasses and a preppy headband are optional. To ensure the costume gets noticed, a magnifying glass, torch, notebook, or other sleuthing tools can be added. It’s remarkable what you can do with an old hat, an umbrella, and a bag that looks huge next to your child. These are the main components of a Mary Poppins costume, which you can then jazz up with a bow tie, long skirt, and flowers. Perhaps skip the spoonful of sugar before they head off to class, though. This story by Dave Pilkey is beloved by cheeky kids across the world, and can make for a very funny costume indeed. Dress them in clothes that are as close to their skin tone as possible (since Captain Underpants’ nearly-naked ensemble isn’t exactly school or winter appropriate). Over the top put a pair of white y-fronts, with a red blanket or sheet tied around their neck to form the character’s cape. You could also add a bald cap if you’re feeling ambitious, but people should still get the idea without it. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘The system is too expensive for parents!’: Why THIS money app is leading the fight for more affordable childcare MORE : Parents share the funniest things their children have ever said