This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. If money issues are cramping your style when it comes to Valentine’s Day this year, you’re not alone. A new study has revealed just 22% of us will be heading out for a romantic meal to celebrate, with the vast majority deciding to stay in. Sex toy retailer Lovehoney surveyed 1,633 people across the UK to find out their V-Day plans, and at-home date nights are the prevailing choice. The most popular answer, with 38% of the vote, was ‘having sex’, followed by one in three who are cooking up a storm with a romantic meal at home. When compared to the same question asked in a 2022 study, it’s clear the cost of living crisis is hitting. Last year, dinner in a restaurant was top spot, while ‘a trip away’ – only the 12th most popular answer this time around – came in third. Annabelle Knight, Lovehoney sex and relationship expert, commented: ‘Given what’s been happening, it’s no surprise that less people are going out and instead spending time at home – having dates or just having sex. ‘But that doesn’t have to be a bad thing; there are plenty of ways to make it a special night without spending, and sex is just one of these.’ In terms of gifts, over a third of respondents said chocolates and flowers are cliché or boring – although men were more likely to find flowers a boring gift than women. Survey participants were also asked whether they would rather receive (or give) a bunch of roses or a Rose suction sex toy. The results were evenly split, so you may want to double check which bloom your partner wants before heading out to the florist. On ways to keep things interesting while on a budget, Annabelle added: ‘At-home dates don’t need to be any less fun than going out, and introducing sex toys, sexy lingerie, or even adult board games to the bedroom is a great way to keep things spicy this Valentine’s.’ Turn off the TV, put your phones away, and join the third of Brits spending February 14 in the bedroom. A game or new toy is a great way to make things special, but you don’t need to spend money for a sexy atmosphere – your birthday suit is free, so why not strut around naked or perform a striptease to set the mood? It really is the thought that counts, and the object of your affections will be overjoyed you’ve made the effort – whether that’s a well-chosen bouquet or a night of passion between the sheets. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Six tips for a sustainable Valentine’s Day 2023 – from flowers to gifts MORE : How your star sign can find love – and who with – this Valentine’s Day