The Duke of Sussex is facing a ‘complicated’ dilemma about whether to attend his father’s coronation – with ‘a million different variables’ at play, it has been reported. Prince Harry is said to be keen to be by King Charles’ side on ‘pretty much the most important day’ of his life. But he and his wife Meghan have little idea of how their relatives and the British public would react if they did fly to London to make an appearance. It comes after a string of allegations were made in their Netflix show and in Harry’s memoir Spare. Coronation day, on May 6, is also their son Archie’s fourth birthday – an issue that is important in their decision, although it isn’t expected to be the deciding factor, The Telegraph reports. ‘It’s complicated’, a friend reportedly said. ‘There are a million different variables. Anybody could understand the predicament.’ The two are expected to be invited to the coronation, with invitations arriving in the next few days. But tensions will likely be high, as other members of the Royal Family are left ‘on edge’. They are believed to be ‘wary’ of speaking to them in case the conversations end up in Harry’s next book or TV show. The friend added that the California couple is waiting for their invite to arrive before they make their decision. ‘They’ll cross that bridge when they come to it’, they said. ‘They do not have any insight. They’re in limbo.’ If they do decide to come, it’s understood their visit to the UK will be brief – as it was with the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. In Spare, Harry made explosive claims about his family, including that the Prince of Wales physically attacked him in a row over Meghan. He also appeared to confirm reports of a rocky relationship between his wife and the Princess of Wales by sharing texts showing a tense exchange over a bridesmaid dress. Charles was accused of putting his own interests above his sons and allegedly didn’t hug Harry after telling him Diana had died in a car accident. Speaking about his stepmother Camilla, Harry also claimed she ‘sacrificed me on her personal PR altar’ to ‘rehabilitate her image as a villain’, after Princess Diana referred to her as the ‘third person’ in her marriage. Asked last month if he would go to the coronation, Prince Harry told ITV News: ‘There’s a lot that can happen between now and then, but you know, the door is always open, the ball is in their court. ‘There is a lot to be discussed and I really hope they are willing to sit down and talk about it.’ The Royal Family has declined to comment on claims from Harry and Meghan. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.