Nadine Dorries has announced she is standing down as an MP at the next general election. The former culture secretary revealed her news during a rant about Conservatives who ‘drank the Kool-Aid and got rid of Boris Johnson’. She said she ‘loves her job’, but must ‘remove herself’ from ‘infighting and occasional sheer stupidity’. The Johnson loyalist has not hidden her views on Rishi Sunak since he became British leader, recently naming him a ‘invisible, submarine’ prime minister. Last year, she rejected reports she could give up her safe seat to aid a Johnson comeback – and in return for a peerage – as ‘100% nuclear grade tosh’. Making her announcement on her new TalkTV programme today, Ms Dorries said: ‘Those MPs who drank the Kool-Aid and got rid of Boris Johnson are already asking themselves the question: who next? ‘And I’m afraid that the lack of cohesion, the infighting and occasionally the sheer stupidity from those who think we could remove a sitting prime minister, who secured a higher percentage of the vote share than Tony Blair did in 1997, just three short years ago… ‘That they could do that and the public would let us get away with it. ‘I’m afraid it’s this behaviour that I now just have to remove myself from. ‘And so, despite it being a job that I’ve loved for every year that I’ve done it, I’m now off. ‘Oh gosh, I’ve just said it out loud, there’s no going back now.’ Ms Dorries went on to say Mr Johnson had urged her to stay on, remarking: ‘He doesn’t want me to go… he said, “Nads stay”.’ She said she’d ‘heard nothing’ about a peerage as part of Mr Johnson’s resignation honours list. ‘I’m just getting through the emotional aspect of leaving a job I loved for 19 years’, she added. Ms Dorries’ promotion under Mr Johnson’s leadership saw her lead the now-ditched plan to privatise Channel 4 as culture secretary. Sh also courted controversy during her time as an MP, losing the Conservative whip in 2013 as a result of her appearance on ITV’s I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! In a clip released by TalkTV, she briefly became emotional as she announced the news. ‘After much soul-searching, I have decided not to stand as an MP at the next general election. I love my constituents and I’ve loved serving them – it’s been such an honour for the best part of two decades of my life.’ She offered a bleak assessment of where the Conservative Party stands ahead of the next election, expected to be in around 18 months’ time. ‘The elite, the faux political intellectuals, you know who I’m talking about – those who believe they know better than anyone else, bet everything on a Rishi bounce… but it never came and it was never going to. ‘The party was five points behind on the day Boris was ousted… and that was a poll deficit that would have burnt away like a summer’s mist on a morning lawn in the heat of a general election campaign. ‘Today it’s 24 points behind. And that, my friends, could be described as terminal. It leaves the party boxed into a corner with no exit route.’ TalkTV released a clip of Ms Dorries’ announcement ahead of her next show on Friday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.