Jessie J bared her bump as she left London’s the O2 Shepherd’s Bush Empire on Monday following an acoustic gig. The pregnant singer, 34, is expecting a little boy with her partner and professional basketball player Chanan Safir Colman. She showed off her edgy sense of style in a navy blue and black sheer nylon ensemble that matched from head to toe. The see-through top hugged her swollen belly and exposed the metallic blue bra she was wearing underneath the fashionable material. Jessie paired the high-neck shirt with similar trousers that flared around her body and took on the same sheer sheen as the rest of her outfit. She shielded herself and her unborn little one from the cold by donning a black PVC leather overcoat with an embroidered detail. Keeping it comfy, she sported black slider sandals for the occasion with she dressed up with a glamorous make-up look and huge silver hoop earrings. Her latest sighting came after she revealed she was hoping to make a musical comeback. In an upcoming documentary, the mum-to-be recorded her return to the world of pop alongside her journey with motherhood for fans to watch. Admitting the Price Tag singer was adamant bringing up children wouldn’t get in the way of her career, a source explained her next moves to the Sunday Mirror newspaper. They said: ‘Jessie’s determined not to let her pregnancy prevent her from relaunching her career. ‘The documentary will see Jessie discuss everything from pregnancy, miscarriage, health problems, heartbreak and love life to her fall from public favour and planned comeback.’ Despite taking steps back from the industry in recent years to recover from health issues and a lack of record sales, the star shone during her acoustic set at the London venue with a TV crew in tow. It has been reported that a new album is on the way with a subsequent world tour to follow in 2024. Jessie surprised fans with a pregnancy announcement just 13 months after she opened up on social media about her heart-breaking miscarriage and later shared she was expecting a boy. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jessie J eating meat again after years of veganism due to pregnancy cravings MORE : Jessie J is a vision in red for Brit Awards with cut-outs to show off baby bump in all its glory 