It’s safe to say Maya Jama has been serving lewks in the Love Island villa ever since joining the ITV2 series as the new host. So being the bona fide fashionista that she is, of course the TV presenter was going to bring the Brit Awards red carpet to its knees after jetting back from South Africa for the swanky event. The 28-year-old was among the first stars to grace the red carpet for photographers ahead of the ceremony at London’s O2 Arena, which is being hosted by comedian and The Masked Singer UK judge Mo Gilligan. With her long flowing locks slicked back into an elegant bun, Maya wore a strapless, black, ankle-length gown, adorned with gold embellishments from the top to the bottom. Keeping with the gold theme, she wore strappy gold heels and stunning gold sunshine-shaped earrings, while going for a nude make-up look. Other stars who appeared early on the red carpet included RuPaul’s Drag Race judge Michelle Visage, radio presenter Clara Amfo, Pussycat Dolls singer Ashley Roberts and Chicken Shop Date star Amelia Dimoldenberg. Maya has been flying to and from South Africa to continue her Love Island stint, with the highly-anticipated return of Casa Amor just a day away. Around a week ago, she surprised the islanders by showing up in the villa in a striking Sergio Castaño Peña gown, which made her look like the subject of a Renaissance painting. The TV personality’s hair was tied back into a low ponytail, while her smoky eye makeup looked absolutely fierce. The Great British Bake Off star Ruby Bhogal commented at the time: ‘Shovelling chips into my gob and then I see this. You look UNREAL.’ ‘Jesus 🙌,’ wrote She-Hulk star Jameela Jamil, while former Love Island star Jourdan Riane added: ‘It’s sickening at this point.’ Meanwhile, Maya’s entrance look for Winter Love Island 2023, a cut-out black number, has already gone down in history as one of the most jaw-dropping looks ever to grace the show. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Maya Jama touches down in Cape Town in chic ab-baring leisurewear ahead of her second round of Love Island villa presenting duties MORE : Mo Gilligan leaves no crumbs with stinging comeback to Twitter troll hours before hosting Brit Awards 2023 