A mum has hit out after her daughter was given a burger with a bite taken out of it at McDonald’s. The woman ordered a McSpicy Burger in the drive-thru at Cameron Toll, Edinburgh on Wednesday evening. But when she got home she noticed that a large chunk was missing. When she complained she was told that it was a sandwich that had been returned and mistakenly repackaged and given to her. She said: ‘I was horrified, I Immediately drove back and went into the shop and asked to speak to a manager, while waiting for a manager another man came who looked annoyed stood at the counter and also asked to speak to a manager. ‘When the manager came over I explained that I had a drive-thru order and upon opening the box there was a huge bite out the McSpicy/burger. ‘The man beside then said look so is mine. The manager said hold on, went away and came back with two new McSpicy’s for me and the other man. ‘I said do you think that’s acceptable and okay just to hand me another one and no apology or anything and he said no and then apologised, he then said he would refund my order. ‘I said it wasn’t about that its about why I have been sold a item that had been eaten by someone else or a member of staff and how disgusting and unhygienic this was. She then insisted they look at the CCTV footage to find out how it happened. Half an hour later she received a phone call to confirm the burgers had been returned from previous orders. She said : ‘It was me that asked if they had CCTV of their workers and he said yes. I asked him to take my details to let me know what had happened as I had the kids in the car and he said he couldn’t check it just now as it was too busy. ‘I was extremely annoyed and still couldn’t believe that this had just happened, I actually felt physically sick. ‘The manager then phoned me back about half hour later to say he had checked the CCTV and it was a returned McSpicy from a wrong order of a young boy and had been put back on the hot shelf and then resold, he said this was the same with the other customer that was there. ‘I didn’t know what was worse, thinking a member or staff ate a bite or a customer took that away to either their house, car or table, touched it and ate a bit and then it was put back to resell to someone else. ‘If I hadn’t looked in the box before handing it to my child, my child may have ate that thinking I had taken a bite or their sibling and would have been contaminated with a strangers germs/blood or anything from their mouth, its just disgusting thinking about it! ‘I said was that normal practice to put it back on the hot shelf to resell, he said no it should be put in a bin. He offered my whole order for free on another date but I said I would be reluctant to eat there again. It makes me wonder what else goes on with the food in McDonalds?’ A McDonald’s spokesperson said: ‘We are very sorry to hear about this customer’s experience. Food safety is of the utmost importance to us and we place great emphasis on quality control, following rigorous standards to avoid any imperfections. ‘We understand the restaurant team contacted the customer following a thorough investigation and would encourage an ongoing dialogue with our Customer Services team to find a resolution.’ Last week we reported on a dad who was angered by getting a parking fine for being outside McDonald’s for too long, and someone else took issue with a JustEat delivery driver for dropping their order on their floor then walking away.