Nicola Bulley’s next-door neighbour has spoken out about her disappearance for the first time, saying the strength her close friend’s partner Paul has shown is ‘nothing short of a miracle’. Unable to sit back any longer and watch this tragedy unfold, marketing director Charlotte Drake, told Metro.co.uk: ‘He does not want to break down on camera in view of millions of people watching and where his kids may see it. He has to remain strong as he has to hold on to hope we will find Nikki.’ Having lived next door to Nicola for five years, the families are close – with Charlotte and Nicola’s children regularly playing outside together, alongside the other neighbouring families. It is a quiet street, with just five detached houses alongside each other, and a grass lawn at the end where they celebrate each other’s birthdays, mark special events and gather at weekends. For mother-of-two Charlotte, who is heavily pregnant, she can only describe what the family are going through as ‘living hell’. The last time Charlotte saw Nicola was on the day she went missing. ‘Nicola was heading off to drop her kids at school and I saw the car going,’ she said. ‘Nothing looked strange at all. ‘Our kids are at different schools and hers start a little bit earlier than mine so whenever I see Nikki go out the drive, I tell mine to hurry up.’ As the search for Nicola enters the 17th day, Charlotte is trying her best, like the rest of the community to support Paul and the girls by dropping off food and being there for anything to help. ‘The strength this man has shown over the past 14 days is nothing short of a miracle,’ she continued. ‘When many would be sat at home “waiting for news” he is using the media exactly as it should be used, to share the facts, highlight the lack of evidence and spread the word far and wide, so that he can hopefully reach someone that knows something. ‘As neighbours and friends, we’ve all said from 11am on Day 1 when the police showed up… “She’s not in that river.” ‘My gut feeling remains the same. I honestly believe Nikki is not in the water.’ With Paul’s permission, Charlotte is keen to point out that – despite speculations about the car Nicola was driving – her car keys were not left in the ignition. Her keys were on Nicola – something Paul wants the public to know. According to Paul, they are ‘a Mercedes key with a couple of Mercedes keyrings on it, one black and one blue, a round wooden key ring with paw prints on it, and a couple of normal keys.’ ‘They were definitely on Nikki at the time, a huge bunch of keys, a Mercedes keyring with paw prints which she would have put in her coat pocket,’ he told Metro.co.uk. Charlotte also described the relationship Nicola had with her beloved dog Willow as a special one. ‘Willow is the most beautiful dog who never, ever would leave Nikki’s side,’ she said. ‘I watched Nikki train Willow once and she is the best-behaved dog. ‘Even in our small road Willow wouldn’t go to the end of the drive without Nikki. There is no way Willow would ever leave her side, and vice versa. ‘Nikki would never, ever have left Willow, the girls and Paul. Ever.’ She added: ‘Nicola is without doubt the most beautiful person, inside and out who would do anything for anyone. We joke she is the sort of mum we all want to be – loving, friendly and just a wonderful human being. Like Paul, we have to remain strong and have hope that we will get Nicola home.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.