A newborn baby was saved in a miracle rescue after her mother was left trapped under a collapsed building in Syria. Footage shows the little girl being carried to safety in Jenderes, Syria, which was devastated by yesterday’s 7.8 magnitude earthquake. Despite the baby being brought out alive, the mother is thought to have tragically died beneath the rubble. More than 5,000 people have died across Syria and Turkey after two earthquakes hit the countries in the early hours of Monday morning. According to local media, the mother went into labour during the earthquake. Rescuers were captured carrying the infant to safety across piles of debris, rubble, concrete and barbed wire. A crowd watched on as a blanket was thrown over the rescuer and the infant. The rest of the girl’s family is also thought to have died during the earthquake. Comments beneath the video on Twitter say the baby was found in a rural area near the city of Aleppo. According to Sky, more than 700 people in opposition-controlled Syria have died, while 538 in government-held areas perished. A third earthquake hit Turkey this morning, measuring a 5.7 magnitude, hampering rescue efforts. Temperatures also fell close to freezing overnight, worsening conditions for those still trapped under the rubble and those who have been made homless. Turkey’s emergency agency AFAD says more than 2,600 personnel from 65 countries have been sent to the disaster area to assist Turkish rescuers. In total, 300,000 blankets and more than 41,00 family tents have been delivered. Volunteers’ efforts were further impeded by close to 200 aftershocks, which made checking through unstable structures incredibly tough. Development minister Andrew Mitchell said that, despite ‘very considerable strain’ on the UK aid budget, the Government would be able to provide the support needed in Turkey and Syria. Speaking on Sky News, he said: ‘The aid budget is under very considerable strain. But Britain always carves out a certain amount to cope with humanitarian crises. That is what people in Britain expect us to do. ‘Britain is always there first and in strength to help when these appalling catastrophes take place. And we will be there this time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.