Katie Taylor’s May undisputed title rematch against Amanda Serrano in Dublin has been postponed due to an injury suffered by the Puerto Rican fighter. Two of the pound-for-pound best in women’s boxing were scheduled to meet again in the spring following on from last year’s history-making showdown at Madison Square Garden. A new date later in the year is now being discussed. A statement read: ‘Due to an injury sustained by Amanda Serrano, Matchroom Boxing and Most Valuable Promotions regret to announce that the Taylor-Serrano II bout on May 20 in Dublin will not go ahead as planned. ‘The teams are in discussions about finding a revised date for the bout. Further details will follow in due course.’ In the first fight between to female boxers to headline New York’s famed arena, Taylor defended her four world titles in a blistering battle against Serrano last May, securing a split decision victory. Their first battle was regarded as the best women’s fight of all time with all parties eager for the rematch to take place. While one of her country’s most decorated sportspeople, 36-year-old Taylor has never fought professionally on Irish soil. It was hoped that May rematch would end that long wait. There was also early optimism Taylor’s homecoming fight would take place at Croke Park, the country’s biggest stadium which seats close to 70,000. But Matchroom and GAA authorities were unable to agree a deal with proposed security costs and the busy summer schedule thought to be the major stumbling blocks. Dublin’s 3Arena was set to host May’s fight and Taylor could still fight on that date with hope the Serrano fight can still go ahead later in the year. MORE : Caroline Dubois: I know I am already better than the best out there, I want fights that will frighten me MORE : If Chantelle Cameron beats Jessica McCaskill, she wants the recognition she deserves For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 