Rita Ora and Taika Waititi were the image of love as they cosied up at her Celebrating 10 Years of Music event. The pop star braved the cold in a very risqué ensemble, wearing a see-through nude dress by Weinsanto, with cheeky black knickers underneath. That was pretty much all Rita, 32, was wearing, as she decided to forgo a bra. Always bringing the glamour, though, the singer’s frock was laden with black feathers, which covered her breasts. Completing the look, Rita matched her husband’s height in a pair of towering stilettos, while her hair cascaded down in natural curls and her make-up added a chic finish with an eyeliner flick. Meanwhile, director Taika, 47, opted for a casual vibe, donning navy trousers and a graphic white tee, with a black Prada bomber jacket over the top. Posing together for cameras at the LA bash, the two could not have looked more smitten, as the Hot Right Now singer placed an arm around her hubby’s shoulder. Taika also wrapped an arm around Rita’s waist and could not stop smiling as they joked around on the carpet. The RIP hitmaker and New Zealand filmmaker confirmed their marriage earlier this year after months of speculation. Describing their wedding as ‘perfect,’ the Masked Singer UK judge told Heart Radio: ‘Yes [I am married].’ She added: ‘I am officially off the market, people. I chose to keep it more private and keep it to myself more but with my new video I am playing on what could have been. ‘When the rumours came out, is she, isn’t she? I wanted to play on it. I wanted to do a wedding that didn’t go to plan… that’s not to say that is actually what happened.’ Sharing details about their wedding day, Rita added: ‘It was perfect. It was exactly, exactly how I wanted. ‘It was nice and perfect. It is nice to keep some things just to myself sometimes it was nice and sweet… Sorry it’s not that interesting. One day I will throw a big party.’ However, Rita is uncertain about taking Taika’s last name at the moment after ‘working very hard for this Ora name’. Rita also said that now felt like the right time to confirm that she had, in fact, walked down the aisle, as she releases new music and she knew ‘questions were going to come.’ Elsewhere at the singer’s star-studded pre-Grammy party, model Winnie Harlow looked stunning in a printed corseted top that showcased artwork, with a pair of matching trousers. Adam Lambert was also in attendance, stopping for a pic with Rita and looking as cool as ever in a printed satin shirt which exposed his chest. Pop queen Bebe Rexha, meanwhile, kept it sophisticated in a fitted black number, which showcased her famous curves. Game Of Thrones alum, Maisie Williams and Lowri Roberts put in a stylish appearance, as did actress Kate Beckinsale. Kristen Stewart rocked up looking worlds away from when she played Princess Diana, sporting a pair of baggy jeans and gelled hair. The star-studded bash took place ahead of Sunday’s Grammy Awards, which will see the likes of Taylor Swift, Lizzo, Harry Styles, Adele, Beyoncé, and many more battle it out for the big gongs. Sam Smith will take to the stage with what is sure to be an epic performance, while Jay-Z will also perform. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price shows off ‘biggest-ever breasts’ in new shoot after going under the knife for 16th boob job MORE : Kit Harington is frustratingly coy over Game of Thrones spin-off as fans demand announcement 