Tristan Thompson shared an adorable photo of himself and his daughter True, four, who he shares with Khloe Kardashian. The spitting image of her dad, True was decked out in a basketball jersey and beamed from ear to ear in the snap, but it didn’t take long for disgruntled social media users to criticise Tristan, 31, for not sharing photos of his other three children. Beneath the professional athlete’s photo – which was captioned: ‘Jersey day is my favourite day of the school year’ – comments like: ‘And the other children?’ and ‘Where are your other children?’ quickly started to pile up. ‘The only kid he acknowledges,’ wrote another Instagrammer, while some else said: ‘Post all ur children.’ ‘Where’s your other children?’ one other echoed. Tristan and Khloe, 38, also share a six-month-old son whose name has not yet been revealed. The basketball player welcomed his first child, a son named Prince, with his ex-girlfriend Jordan Craig in 2016 and in 2021 model Maralee Nichols gave birth to a little boy named Theo, who Tristan also fathered. The dad-of-four’s sweet post comes days after he publicly addressed the tragic death of his mother Andrea last month. Andrea died suddenly on January 6 after suffering a heart attack and being rushed to hospital, but she was sadly unable to be resuscitated. Taking to Instagram on Monday, Tristan shared a string of poignant family photos and wrote in part: ‘Dearest mommy in heaven, it has been one month since you’ve been gone. I’m in disbelief. I’m in the deepest part of sorrow & grief.‘My soul is empty as I come to terms that my biggest supporter/superhero is gone. I cannot thank you enough for always being a woman of faith, being one of Gods warriors, fighting back with whatever the world threw our way. You constantly protected us through prayer.’ He added: ‘My hero you fought all the battles you needed to and it was time for you to go home. ‘Mommy I know you’re watching down on me; I wanna say thank you for picking me as your son. You dedicated ur life to ur boys & the church.’ Khloe was seen at Tristan’s side at his mum’s funeral days after her death and also dedicated a touching Instagram post to Andrea, saying: ‘I have been avoiding this.…. Avoiding accepting this is real. I have so much to say but nothing at all…. I have so many emotions and still I feel numb. ‘Life can be brutally unfair at times and this has been one of the toughest times in so many of our lives.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Tristan’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Besotted new mum Stacey Solomon gives health update after home birth of ‘amazing’ baby daughter MORE : Tom Grennan apologises for joking about Ellie Goulding’s breasts at Brit Awards but she insists he’s ‘an ally’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 