A mum has been left fuming after losing out on £30 of National Lottery winnings. Gemma Murray says she’s been left ‘out of pocket’ after she failed to receive her prize. Each month, she uses the National Lottery app to take part on behalf of herself and her mum. Gemma won £30 in October and had been excited to cash out the prize money. But the mum-of-one has spoken of the ‘absolute nightmare’ she faced to actually receive the cash. Gemma told the Liverpool Echo: ‘Every month when we get paid, me and my mum put the lottery on for the month. She won three numbers – £30 – so I withdrew it from the account and we were told we’d get it by November 2, but we still haven’t had it. ‘I’ve spoken to the lottery and they said the bank could trace it but the bank can’t find any trace through any of my statements and National Lottery keep fobbing me off. ‘They told me last Friday it must be there but the bank has no evidence of it.’ The National Lottery says the winnings have been returned to Gemma’s account, with transaction details confirming this. Gemma’s bank would need to contact the company in writing to confirm this – something her bank has said it can’t do. She added: ‘It’s been an absolute nightmare, we’ve been back and forth and I’m constantly calling them and they are palming me off. I must’ve called 100 times and I’m at the point now where it’s not even the money, it’s the principle. ‘Imagine if it was £800, I do the hot picks so what if it was my three numbers? ‘We’ve had no problems in the past but it’s doing my head in. I’ve had to give it my mum so now I’m out of pocket. My point I’m trying to make to them is surely they have a better way to deal with these issues.’ A spokesperson for the National Lottery said Gemma will be contacted by the customer care team over the issue. They added: ‘In the very small number of cases that we see [like this], the funds are finally located at the bank’s end.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.