The eighth edition of the Women’s T20 World Cup begins on Friday, with England and India among the teams looking to end Australia’s dominance. Here’s everything you need to know about the tournament… WHEN AND WHERE? South Africa will host the T20 World Cup from February 10-26. The action starts on Friday as the hosts take on Sri Lanka in Cape Town. The tournament was initially due to take place at the end of 2022 but the ICC announced in late 2020 that its slot had been moved so not to clash with the FIFA World Cup in Qatar. Cape Town’s Newlands Cricket Ground will hold the showpiece event later in the month, having been chosen as one of three venues for the tournament. Boland Park in Paarl and St George’s Park in Gqeberha are the other venues. WHO’S INVOLVED? As is customary, South Africa automatically qualified for the tournament as hosts and were joined by the seven highest ranked teams in T20 cricket. Two other teams – Bangladesh and Ireland – booked their place in the event at the qualifying tournament in the United Arab Emirates. That means South Africa, Australia, England, India, New Zealand, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, West Indies, Bangladesh and Ireland will compete to become T20 world champions over the next three weeks. WHAT’S THE FORMAT? The ten teams have been placed into two groups – Group A and Group B – with each side playing four games in this round. The top two from each group advance to the semi-finals (February 23 and 24) with the winner from Group A facing the runner-up in Group B and vice-versa. The two semi-final winners will then meet in the 2023 T20 World Cup final on Sunday, February 26. THE RUNNERS AND RIDERS Australia are the dominant force in women’s cricket and are bidding to win this tournament for the sixth time from eight attempts. Since a semi-final exit in the inaugural Women’s T20 World Cup, Australia have contested every final and beat India in the most recent showpiece event in March 2020. Meg Lanning’s Australia, who are also the reigning champions in 50-over cricket and the Commonwealth Games, have only lost one T20 game in the past year, a super-over defeat to India in December. Ranked No. 2 in the world, England have suffered a series of heartbreaking T20 World Cup defeats since lifting the trophy in 2009. They fell short in finals in 2012, 2014 and 2018, while they were eliminated from the 2020 event after their semi-final against India was washed out. England underwhelmed at last summer’s home Commonwealth Games – finishing just fourth – but have the quality to challenge for the trophy in South Africa. It feels only a matter of time before India – who recently won the U19 World Cup and have announced a new Women’s Premier League competition – become the team to beat in women’s cricket. India have regularly threatened on the global stage – reaching the 2017 and 2020 World Cup finals and the Commonwealth Games final – without lifting silverware. South Africa and New Zealand are not expected to reach the final but both are capable of producing upsets. Hosts South Africa reached the semi-finals of the 2022 World Cup while New Zealand – finalists in 2009 and 2010 – beat England to the bronze medal at the Commonwealth Games. The Proteas will be without their captain since 2016 – Dane van Niekerk – after she failed ‘to meet the minimum criteria for fitness’ on the eve of the tournament. West Indies are one of only three teams to win the Women’s T20 World Cup – lifting the trophy in 2016 – but come into this tournament in dismal form. Like the Windies, Pakistan will also struggle to go toe-to-toe with the best teams in the world, though they are one of the most-improving sides and have qualified for all eight T20 World Cups. The same can be said for Sri Lanka, who reached the Asia Cup final at the end of 2022 but lack the firepower needed to compete in South Africa and are still without a full-time coach. Qualifiers Ireland secured a historic series win in Pakistan at the end of last year but also face an uphill task, especially after one of their star names – Kim Garth – left the country for Australia. Bangladesh face a similar situation and appear to have on eye on the future after calling up four members of their U19 World Cup squad for this competition. THE SQUADS Australia: Meg Lanning (captain), Alyssa Healy, Darcie Brown, Ashleigh Gardner, Kim Garth, Heather Graham, Grace Harris, Jess Jonassen, Alana King, Tahlia McGrath, Beth Mooney, Ellyse Perry, Megan Schutt, Annabel Sutherland, Georgia Wareham England: Heather Knight (captain), Lauren Bell, Maia Bouchier, Alice Capsey, Kate Cross, Freya Davies, Charlie Dean, Sophia Dunkley, Sophie Ecclestone, Sarah Glenn, Amy Jones, Katherine Sciver-Brunt, Nat Sciver-Brunt, Lauren Winfield-Hill, Danni Wyatt India: Harmanpreet Kaur (captain), Smriti Mandhana, Shafali Verma, Yastika Bhatia, Richa Ghosh, Jemimah Rodrigues, Harleen Deol, Deepti Sharma, Devika Vaidya, Radha Yadav, Renuka Thakur, Anjali Sarvani, Pooja Vastrakar, Rajeshwari Gayakwad, Shikha Pandey South Africa: Annerie Dercksen, Marizanne Kapp, Lara Goodall, Ayabonga Khaka, Chloe Tryon, Nadine de Klerk, Shabnim Ismail, Tazmin Brits, Masabata Klaas, Laura Wolvaardt, Sinalo Jafta, Nonkululeko Mlaba, Sune Luus (captain), Anneke Bosch, Delmi Tucker. New Zealand: Sophie Devine (captain), Suzie Bates, Bernadine Bezuidenhout, Eden Carson, Lauren Down, Maddy Green, Brooke Halliday, Hayley Jensen, Fran Jonas, Amelia Kerr, Jess Kerr, Molly Penfold, Georgia Plimmer, Hannah Rowe, Lea Tahuhu West Indies: Hayley Matthews (captain), Shemaine Campbelle (vc), Aaliyah Alleyne, Shamilia Connell, Afy Fletcher, Shabika Gajnabi, Chinelle Henry, Trishan Holder, Zaida James, Djenaba Joseph, Chedean Nation, Karishma Ramharack, Shakera Selman, Stafanie Taylor, Rashada Williams Pakistan: Bismah Maroof (captain), Aiman Anwer, Aliya Riaz, Ayesha Naseem, Sadaf Shama, Fatima Sana, Javeria Khan, Muneeba Ali, Nashra Sandhu, Nida Dar, Omaima Sohail, Sadia Iqbal, Sidra Ameen, Sidra Nawaz (wicketkeeper), Tuba Hassan Sri Lanka: Chamari Athapaththu (captain), Oshadi Ranasinghe, Harshitha Samarawickrama, Nilakshi de Silva, Kavisha Dilhari, Anushka Sanjeewani, Kaushini Nuthyangana, Malsha Shehani, Inoka Ranaweera, Sugandika Kumari, Achini Kulasuriya, Vishmi Gunaratne, Tharika Sewwandi, Ama Kanchana, Sathya Sandeepani Bangladesh: Nigar Sultana Joty (captain), Marufa Akter, Dilara Akter, Fahima Khatun, Salma Khatun, Jahanara Alam, Shamima Sultana, Rumana Ahmed, Lata Mondol, Shorna Akter, Nahida Akter, Murshida Khatun, Ritu Moni, Disha Biswas, Sobhana Mostary Ireland: Laura Delany (captain), Georgina Dempsey, Amy Hunter, Shauna Kavanagh, Arlene Kelly, Gaby Lewis, Louise Little, Sophie MacMahon, Jane Maguire, Cara Murray, Leah Paul, Orla Prendergast, Eimear Richardson, Rachel Delaney, Mary Waldron MORE : Sachin Tendulkar sends warning to India ahead of Australia Test series MORE : Michael Vaughan set to answer Azeem Rafiq’s cricket racism charges alone For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 