Britney Spears is furious as rumours emerged that her husband and manager had planned an intervention for her amid fears she could ‘die’. The Toxic singer, 41, was freed from her controversial conservatorship last year after 13 years, and has become estranged from her family, often hitting out against her mother, father and sister on social media. Since being released, Britney has married long-term partner Sam Asghari, clinched a hit with Sir Elton John, and gone on several holidays, however appears to prefer spending time at home, with most of her social media posts showing clips or photos of her in her house. The past year has proved up-and-down for Britney, as she recently hit back at fans who called the police to her house because she temporarily deleted her Instagram account, and becoming upset during a rare venture out to a restaurant when customers began filming her. Now Britney has written a furious statement following reports she was due an intervention, after sources told TMZ and People that her inner circle, including her husband and manager, were planning an intervention that was scrapped last minute, with one source claiming they were concerned Britney had become so erratic she could ‘die’. Taking to Instagram on Friday, Brit raged: ‘It makes me sick to my stomach that it’s even legal for people to make up stories that I almost died … I mean at some point enough is enough !!!’ She said she would ‘probably’ have to ‘stop posting on Instagram because even though I enjoy doing it, there’s obviously a lot of people who don’t wish me well.’ Adding that she was ‘doing the best I can,’ she reminded followers that her conservatorship was over and it was ‘not 2007’ anymore. Referring to husband Sam, who denied an intervention had taken place, she said: ‘As my hubby says it best: don’t believe everything you read !!! All that love right back at ya !!!’ Following the reports in TMZ and People, Sam told Access Hollywood ‘an intervention did not occur.’ ‘My wife is in full control of her life and will continue to make all decisions involving her care regardless of circumstances. Speculation on her health is inappropriate and should end immediately’ It comes after a source told TMZ that Britney’s husband, manager, team and doctors had planned to bring her to a rented houses for an intervention in an attempt to convince her she needed help. The source claimed the plan was for Britney to live in the rented house for up to two months while undergoing treatment, including counselling, but the intervention was scrapped last minute as she became ‘somewhat aware’ of what was going on. One source purported to be close to the situation told TMZ they were ‘afraid she’s going to die,’ while multiple sources seemingly claimed she was often ‘flying off the handle’ and taking meds to ‘hype her up’ while not taking medication that stabilises her. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doja Cat defends Britney Spears over ‘awful comparisons’ after revealing shaved head: ‘It’s so incredibly disrespectful’ MORE : Alyssa Milano apologises for ‘bullying’ tweet sent to Britney Spears and shares support for singer  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 