Sir Keir Starmer has pledged to maintain Britain’s support of Ukraine if he is elected prime minister next year. The Labour Party leader travelled to the war-torn country to meet with president Volodymyr Zelensky in Kyiv, and reaffirm his support. Ahead of the one-year anniversary of the Russian invasion, he visited a cemetery of damaged civilian cars in the town of Irpin, near the capital, where around half of the critical infrastructure was destroyed last year. The politician stressed there ‘has to be justice’ for war crimes against the people of Ukraine as he toured the former conflict zone, where heavy fighting took place in the first five months of the war. ‘It is incredible to see the evidence of atrocities that I have seen this morning,’ he told reporters in Irpin. ‘Photographs of civilians in the outskirts of Kyiv blindfolded, with their arms tied behind their back. ‘There has to be justice for this. There has to be justice in The Hague and there has to be proper reparation in the rebuilding of Ukraine.’ This follows a momentous visit by Mr Zelensky to the UK last week during which he implored Rishi Sunak to hand over fighter jets for his air force. But with Labour well in front of the Tories in most polls, the Ukrainian leader may end up dealing with Sir Keir at 10 Downing Street instead. The Opposition leader stressed that his party was committed to Mr Zelensky and Ukraine’s cause. ‘Should there be an election next year and a change of government, the position on Ukraine will remain the same,’ he vowed. ‘It is very important for me to be here with the people of Ukraine, making it clear that support for Ukraine in the UK is united. ‘Throughout the conflict, the Labour party has stood united with the government in the United Kingdom to show our support for Ukraine’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.