Jurgen Klopp has raised fresh concerns over Chelsea’s January spending spree and aimed a subtle dig at Todd Boehly by claiming the club’s owner isn’t overly concerned wit how quickly Graham Potter is able to deliver success on the pitch. Chelsea ended their unprecedented trolley dash by smashing the British transfer record on deadline day to sign Enzo Fernandez in a £106million deal that angered Benfica, who lost their prize asset just six months after he joined from River Plate. The Blues’ aggressive recruitment drive is said to have rubbed up number of domestic and European rivals up the wrong way, with PSG particularly upset by their conduct after they missed out on signing Hakim Ziyech due to what Chelsea termed a ‘technological glitch’. Liverpool, meanwhile, whose own American owners are seeking fresh investment, were able to bring in just one player in January with Cody Gakpo, a £45m signing from PSV, the only reinforcement to a team that has slipped into mid-table mediocrity. Asked to assess Chelsea’s spending, Klopp joked: ‘I’ll say nothing without my lawyer. ‘I don’t understand this part of the business but it’s a big number. They are all really good players so congratulations. I don’t understand how it’s possible, but it’s not for me to explain how it works.’ The Liverpool manager was subsequently asked how big a challenge Potter faces in trying to unite his bloated squad and turn Chelsea’s own disappointing season around in double quick time.  He said: ‘Yes ,but Graham knows that. That’s clear but that is something else, I’m not sure Todd Boehly is too much interested in that. ‘But what will happen at one point as well that they will play well together. You can’t avoid that. How quick it will go I don’t know.’ Klopp’s immediate concern is on his own team, however, as he looks to address a dismal run of form which has seen his side drop out of top four contention and exit the FA Cup after another damaging defeat against Brighton. Liverpool’s injury crisis is at least beginning to abate with several big name players likely to be back in contention to feature in the coming weeks. ‘It is looking better, generally,’ said Klopp. ‘Diogo Jota had a full session with the team this week, but then he had a rehab session. That was part of the plan, he’ll be back in full training next week. ‘Bobby [Firmino] is getting closer, very good obviously. Luis [Diaz] is running now, but Ibou [Konate] is out. Virgil [van Dijk] will train next week but he is not ready. ‘Ibou has a muscle injury. The changes in defence are not cool, you want to make changes with rotation, but Joel [Matip] and Joe [Gomez] have played together before.’ MORE : Mykhailo Mudryk’s ex-coach says Chelsea star should have joined Arsenal instead MORE : Graham Potter admits integrating new players into the Chelsea squad will be tough For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.