A two-bedroom flat ‘recently’ used for growing cannabis is now up for sale via auction – with some pretty wild pictures. Trying to find a property in London is hard enough without the addition of more rogue offerings. One unique flat has come up in Finchley, north London, which until recently was used as a cannabis factory. So recently in fact, the images in the listing include a snap of the living room with reflective sheeting pinned to the walls and pipes and wires hanging down from the ceiling. There are also fans installed, presumably to keep the smell from creeping into neighbouring flats. Elsewhere, there are even cannabis leaves on display on the floor alongside pots filled with soil. The listing can be found on Auction House London’s site, which is flogging the property at a guide price of £275,000. Other photos show there is a kitchen, bathroom and separate toilet which were clearly used by the previous occupants. It is actually offered with planning permission from Barnet Council and the freeholder’s consent for the conversion of existing loft and flat into two one-bedroom flats. The listing is pretty honest too: ‘The property comprises a second floor two bedroom flat situated within a mixed use building arranged over ground and two upper floors. ‘The property has been recently used to grow cannabis and requires a program of refurbishment.’ It currently holds a 125 year lease from July 7, 2015, meaning there’s a fairly long lease of 117 years left. The description adds that the property is situated on a residential road close to local shops and amenities – Victoria Park is nearby, as well as Finchley Tube station. Of course it soon caused a stir online, with one person on Twitter writing: ‘I can’t work out what is going on here but I’m sure it’s nothing good.’ There are a selection of dates listed in March that prospective buyers can go and view the flat, with no booking requited. These are March 2, March 6, March 8, March 10 and March 14, with timings listed online. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.