This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Having a good night’s sleep is absolutely essential for your health but nearly three quarters of Brits don’t get a solid eight hours kip. When you don’t get enough sleep your brain struggles to function which is why you find it difficult to concentrate after a rough night. A 2020 study found that one in six people survive on less than six hours each night whether they suffer from insomnia or have little people interrupting their night. Sleep allows your mind and body to recover and helps protect against health issues. Sixways has put its spin on a hot chocolate, creating a mushroom blend formula to help send people into a deeper sleep and those that have been using it are happy converts. ‘Initially I wasn’t sure if it was a placebo effect, but I’ve definitely noticed that I feel much calmer on the nights that I make my nightly unwind drink. It’s helped improve my overall sleep but also doesn’t leave me feeling knocked out or over tired,’ one user Katie shared. Sleep deprivation can really take its toll and have people scrambling for solutions to help. Emily, who has been using the Unwind and Recover Mushroom Blend, said that she came across the brand while reading up on ingredients and she loves it. ‘Found this after researching into Ashwagandha and Reishi for good sleep,’ she shared. ‘My sleep score has improved since I started taking the powder and the best bit is it tastes like a hot chocolate (only a healthy one). Firm favourite.’ While Tom shared that he’d already been taking some of the ingredients to try and improve his sleep, so wanted to experiment with additional ingredients to see if there’s a change and even his family have commented on a shift. ‘I’ve been taking magnesium to help me sleep but saw this and thought why not try the added extras. I don’t regret it. The ingredients in this work so well together and I feel super relaxed before bed. My wife has even commented that she’s noticed a difference.’ The Unwind and Recover Mushroom Blend is made up of natural ingredients that have been clinically proven to help support relaxation and calm the mind and body. For more information on Sixways’ Unwind formula or to buy it for £23.00, click here.