Two ‘kind and talented’ NHS nurses died at the Grand Canyon in Arizona during their dream holiday, it has emerged. Tatiana Brandão, 30, and Raquel Moreira, 28, are believed to have died instantly when their vehicle collided with a bus on February 3. They had spent years planning the trip together, saving pennies while clocking in hours at Southampton General Hospital. The pair had worked together as nurses after emigrating to the UK from Portugal, with colleagues saying they had a bright career ahead of them. Brandão had joined the trust seven years ago as a bright-eyed nurse who came to be a highly-respected member of the neurology department. While Moreira, from the northern Portuguese city of Arouca, had worked at the University Hospital Southampton (UHS) trust for five years. According to local reports, the two friends died when their Jeep crashed into a commercial bus on a public road leading into the Grand Canyon at around 8am. Both women were declared dead at the scene, while Brandão’s mother-in-law and partner were taken to hospital with serious injuries. No bus riders were injured. Only days before their death, Brandão and Moreira smiled and laughed as they travelled across California to visit Hollywood and Universal Studio, a video montage on Moreira’s social media showed. Their NHS colleagues at Southampton General Hospital paid tribute to them today. Chief nursing officer Gail Byrne said: ‘The entire nursing family at University Hospital Southampton (NHS Trust) has been left shocked and saddened by the tragic deaths of two much-loved colleagues as they enjoyed a holiday together in America. ‘Tatiana, 30, joined the Trust seven years ago and was a highly respected member of the neurology department. ‘Raquel, 28, had worked at UHS for the past five years and was a very valued part of the stroke ACP team. ‘Both had chosen to move from Portugal to join UHS and had bright careers ahead of them. ‘The friends were well-known for their kindness, empathy and enthusiasm. ‘Both were passionate about nursing and providing the very best care for our patients. ‘Outside of work, they shared a love for new experiences, adventure and living life to the fullest. ‘I know I speak on behalf of the entire UHS workforce in saying they will be sorely missed. ‘We send our love and condolences to their families at this very sad time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.