The fashion world can be a confusing place. We’ve seen ‘no-neck monsters’ from Richard Quinn, and last month, Viktor and Rolf turned their dresses upside down at Paris Fashion Week. For those of us who spend most of our money on ASOS, it’s a lot. And now, prepare to be baffled once again, by the big red boots from American art collective, MSCHF. You’ve probably seen these massive, clown boots popping up on your Twitter feed and we’re here to tell you that no, they’re not a joke. In fact, they come with the rather serious price tag of almost £300 ($350) and are due to launch next week, on 16 February. MSCHF branded the shoes as ‘cartoon boots for a cool 3D world’. A press release reads: ‘You never design shoes to be shaped like feet. Big Red Boots are REALLY not shaped like feet, but they are EXTREMELY shaped like boots.’ Well, okay then. MSCHF is known for it’s whacky creations – from a collar that turns a dog’s barks into spoken swear words, to flip flops made out of Birkin bags, cleverly dubbed ‘Birkinstocks.’ They were also behind Little Nas X’s controversial ‘Satan Shoes’ which were made using Nike trainers and human blood. Yes, really. And of course, the internet has had a lot to say about their latest cartoon-ish offering. The comparisons to Astro Boy and Dora The Explorer’s sidekick, aptly named, Boots, came in thick and fast. ‘So y’all running around looking like Astro Boy with those big red boots?’ asked one confused Twitter user. Others pointed out the practicalities of the footwear. ‘You can’t drive no car wearing those big red boots,’ one rightly commented. But, perhaps surprisingly, the shoes have already gained a following. ‘You know what? That big red boot kinda fyre’, came one confession. ‘Sorry I want those big red boots,’ said another. While another said they’d be making a purchase: ‘Guys I’m not even joking at this point. I’m getting those big red boots. Like all seriousness I’m getting them.’ With the launch next week, we’re yet to see if the boots take off. But if Crocs can became mainstream, there’s hope for these boots yet. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Wearable beanbags now exist to make working from home that little bit dreamier MORE : Gen Z’s flip phone hack could finally break your drunk texting habit