Hundreds of dirty nappies are being dumped outside a nursery ‘every fortnight’ by a ‘mysterious, hooded man’. Staff at Ashfield Nursery & ELC in South Shields are forced to dispose of the load – which usually measures at around 800 nappies. The first dump was discovered in November, and they have been regular ever since. Manager Rebecca Pearson said: ‘I arrived at 7am to find around 20 bags filled with soiled nappies and PPE which had been dumped outside the gate. ‘They were in-front of the car park, so I had no option but to put them into our clinical waste bin before parents and staff arrived. ‘I couldn’t leave them, as bags full of nappies outside of a nursery would inevitably lead to people thinking they were ours.’ Rebecca added: ‘It has happened six times, and each time we have had to clean it up, or risk being blamed. Who knows how long the nappies have been in the bags and they absolutely stink. ‘On occasions they have been ripped open by cats and dogs and myself and other staff had to pick up all the dirty nappies. ‘Cleaning up our own nappies is part of the job but you don’t expect to have to do it for someone else.’ The nursery suspects it is another childcare centre dumping the rubbish. ‘There are usually around 20 bags of 40 nappies which totals around 800 nappies, and so it must be from another childcare setting who are unwilling to pay the disposal costs,’ Rebecca explained. The situation has escalated in the last week with Rebecca coming across who she believes to be the perpetrator, and the dumping taking a more ‘sinister turn’. She said: ‘On Monday morning I found 20 bags on the path. I went to get my PPE on to dispose of the bags and saw a man on our premises next to the bin. ‘He pulled up his hood and ran off, but it was very worrying.’ Nursery practitioner Marie Gibson added: ‘It’s intimidating for staff who are coming in early in the morning and especially the cleaner who leaves the building on a night-time. ‘On the last occasion, the bags he dumped the previous day were taken out of the bin and the nappy sacks thrown on the path, which suggests it’s becoming malicious.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.