Three people have been arrested after a high-profile police detective was shot several times while off-duty in Northern Ireland. DCI John Caldwell, who is well-known locally for leading investigations into high-profile sectarian murders, paramilitary groups and organised crime gangs, is currently fighting for his life after the attack in Omagh, County Tyrone. The senior officer had just finished coaching a youth football team on Wednesday evening when two masked gunmen approached him and opened fire. Colleagues say he was shot in front of his young son as he loaded footballs into the boot of his car and that he tried to flee before collapsing. Police say the main focus of their investigation is the republican group New IRA and that the gunmen may have fled across the border. The gunmen opened fire in a ‘crowded space where there [were] children and parents in the vicinity’, assistant chief constable Mark McEwan said. Witnesses saw ‘many of those young people and children running in sheer terror to get to safety’, he added, branding the attackers ‘absolutely callous’ for risking so many innocent lives. Mr McEwan added: ‘At least two other vehicles have been struck, and again this highlights the callous and reckless nature of this attack.’ The gunmen are believed to have fled in a small dark car which was later found burned on the outskirts of Omagh. The attack was quickly condemned by politicians on all sides of Stormont’s divides. Sinn Fein vice president Michelle O’Neill said: ‘My immediate thoughts are with the officer and his family. I unreservedly condemn this reprehensible attempt to murder a police officer.’ DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said: ‘Our heart goes out to the family of this courageous police officer and to his colleagues. ‘We condemn outright the cowards responsible for this. These terrorists have nothing to offer and they must be brought to justice. We stand with the PSNI.’ Prime Minister Rishi Sunak added: ‘I am appalled by the disgraceful shooting of an off-duty police officer in Omagh tonight. ‘My thoughts are with the officer and his family. There is no place in our society for those who seek to harm public servants protecting communities.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.