Meghan Markle and Prince Harry won’t be taking legal action over an episode of South Park which appears to mock the Royals, it has been revealed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were said to be fuming over the latest instalment of the American animated comedy series, titled The Worldwide Privacy Tour which aired on February 15, and made several jibes at the former working Royals. In the savage sketch, Meghan and Harry were branded attention-seekers and their characters held placards that read: ‘Stop looking at us!’ and ‘We want our privacy!!’ while embarking on a global tour. It was reported that the couple, who quit working Royal life in 2020, were planning on suing the South Park producers. However, a rep for Meghan, 41, and Harry, 38, have rubbished the claims, telling People: ‘It’s all frankly nonsense. Totally baseless, boring reports.’ In the episode, which is yet to be aired in the UK, one of the characters dressed in an outfit similar to former Suits star Meghan, and is described as a ‘sorority girl, actress, influencer, victim’ by another character. A royal source recently told The Spectator that Meghan and Harry’s portrayal on the series has ‘upset and overwhelmed’ her over the last few days. They also added that she is ‘annoyed by South Park but refuses to watch it all’. Media correspondent Neil Sean told Fox News: ‘According to sources close to the ex-royals, it appears that, like so many things with Meghan and Harry, this may have legal ramifications attached. ‘Their legal team are casting an eye over the episode to see what is wrong, and what could be turned into something more sinister.’ The latest controversy surrounding the Duke and Duchess has, of course, attracted the attention of their biggest critic, Piers Morgan, who predictably slammed the couple for apparently being unable to laugh at themselves. Speaking on his TalkTV show on Wednesday, Piers, 57, introduced the South Park episode as ‘so funny’, going on to say: ‘There are rumours they [Harry and Meghan] might be suing, because they sue everybody over everything normally and especially if it’s true or if people are being intrusive because they want to save it for themselves so they can intrude on their own lives.’ He went on: ‘The thing about these two they can’t laugh at themselves, they don’t have that valve at all. ‘I think being a global laughing stock as they’ve been made by South Park, they won’t take it the way Rob suggests as a badge of honour, they’ll be absolutely seething.’ Piers added that the South Park sketch addresses the former royals’ ‘hypocrisy about bleating all the time about privacy and then doing Netflix series, books, blah, blah, it’s so ridiculous’. South Park is available to stream on Paramount Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan takes swipe at Harry and Meghan for not laughing at brutal South Park episode MORE : Megyn Kelly convinced Prince Harry and Meghan Markle won’t ‘recover’ from South Park diss