Your star sign gifts you with cosmic powers from your ruling planet, element, and astrological symbol. Use them like a beacon, by amplifying them loud and proud, to attract people seeking those qualities because they will then possess their own traits to suit and complement your natural personality. No point faking it, conforming, fitting in, trying to be what you think ‘the mould’ should be. Simply be yourself, because everyone else is taken, and attract someone who wants what you’ve got! Here is your sign’s key power of cosmic attraction and why you should amplify it… March 21 to April 20 Physicality You are a rutting ram, ruled by the passionate Mars, and governed by the physical and energetic element of Fire. Physicality is vital to your existence. You love to move, exercise, flex your power, feel alive through physical contact and experience. And sex is very important. Intimacy to you comes via being close physically. Embrace this quality. Be body confident. Showcase your strength. Attract someone who prioritises physical connection too. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Strength You are a calm bull, ruled by the indulgent Venus, and governed by the practical and grounding element of Earth. Security is a driving force, motivator, and foundation for most of your happiness and growth in this life. You keep your feet on the ground, seeking realism and material comforts. You provide strength and stability, you’re always steady and stoic, always there. You need that from others too, so be what you wish to attract. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Intelligence You are a dual-natured twin, ruled by the curious and communicative Mercury, and governed by the cerebral and analytical element of Air. You think way more than you feel. You are quick-silver mentally and you need someone who can keep up (ideally, pip you every now and then too). Let them see, from the off, how smart you are because they need to judge whether they can provide you with enough variety of stimulus (and enjoy doing so). Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Empathy You are a sensitive crab, ruled by the moody and mysterious Moon, and governed by the emotional element of Water. You possess super powers when it comes to ‘getting’ other people, knowing their true nature, seeing their genuine motivations and sniffing out their secrets. You love cracking the code of other people’s lives, and you don’t judge. You need someone challenging, interesting, deep and willing to go deep with you. Don’t hold back your knowingness and intuitive ability – let it shine. Attract someone worth working out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Confidence You are a regal lion, ruled by the vital and glowing Sun, and governed by the passionate element of Fire. Leos are born to rule, lead, and to be in the limelight. Your confidence is your super power and you can use it to attract anyone (and most young Leos love playing the field and using their charm). But there’s no sense pairing with a jealous or possessive or domineering character (who would dull your light), so be as bold, dynamic, and outgoing as you can at all times. Only the strong need apply. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Analytical You are a humble virgin, ruled by the analytical and bright Mercury, and governed by the practical, can-do element of Earth. You are the most organised, problem-solving and eager-to-help sign and you often attract people who crave ‘fixers’ like yourself (which is not the healthiest relationship dynamic). Instead, amplify your analytical, deductive, puzzle-cracking nature. Attract someone who is equally clued up and eager to tackle life in this logical manner – a partner on your wavelength. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Harmony You are a balanced scales, ruled by the romantic, pleasure-seeking Venus, and governed by the analytical and objective element of Air. Harmony, peace, comfort, contentment are what make you tick. You are innately tactful, knowing, and diplomatic. You enjoy settling disputes, resolving issues, and bringing a soothing balm to troubled areas. Exude that calm poise. You need a partner who is as balanced, fair, and eager to live a beautiful, luxury life as you are. Two swans swimming together. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Integrity You are a stinging scorpion, ruled by the fearless and powerful Pluto, and governed by the emotional and psychic element of Water. You are powerful, strong, brave, and independent. You love hard, protect the needy, but woe betide those who cross you. Your standards are very high, you hold yourself to account, and you expect the same from others. Project your integrity, share your moral compass, be proud of your ethics. Loyalty, courage, and dignity are required to pass your tests. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Independence You are a roaming archer, ruled by the abundant and lucky Jupiter, and governed by the spontaneous and adventurous element of Fire. You are the zodiac’s freedom seeker (only Aquarius is as solo-flying as you). Space to as you please, room to breathe, time to play and revel – these are vital elements in your life. Enjoying this world and all its interesting and pleasurable experiences is your life goal. Make no bones about this. Tell your travel stories, reveal your future goals, go it alone. A partner needs to have their own life if they want to share yours. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Ambition You are a determined sea goat, ruled by the task master Saturn, and governed by the materialistic and practical element of Earth. Your self-discipline, ambition and go-getting drive are extremely attractive to others and need to be amplified so that you pair with someone who is as turned on by success as you are, and who will support your long hours, hard work, and commitment to the grind to make a successful life. Power couple goals. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Originality You are a purifying water bearer, ruled by the unpredictable and inventive Uranus, and governed by the cerebral element of Air. Your offbeat eccentricity and openness to all humans are what set you apart. People feel drawn to your outgoing, confident nature but also one step removed as you don’t crave company or need their validation. You are self-contained and love to think, innovate, create, invent, and puzzle things out. To reach your potential you need a similarly tuned person who loves to go off the beaten track, try new things, challenge themselves and play. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Imagination You are a sensitive fish, ruled by the psychic and secretive Neptune, and governed by the empathetic and intuitive element of Water. You are a natural empath, sometimes finding real life all too harsh, blunt and cold. Retreating to your powerful imagination is a means of escape, and can become a means of making a living too (many Pisceans work in the arts). Be proud of your creativity and imagination. Attract someone who appreciates, respects, and admires it, so that they won’t knock your confidence, drag you back to reality too often. Find a play mate. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : What’s in store for the year ahead? Your star sign’s 2023 tarot horoscope for love, work, money and more MORE : How lunar and solar eclipses affect you, according to astrology