Katie Price’s bankruptcy hearing has been pushed back yet again. The mum-of-five had been set to appear at the Royal Courts of Justice in London today, Thursday February 9, to discuss paying back her debts. Former glamour model Katie was declared bankrupt in 2019 with massive debts totalling £3.2 million, and was supposed to pay £12,000 in debt off every month for four years to her creditors after taking out an individual voluntary arrangement (IVA) last year. However, she failed to do so. The star swerved jail over the failed repayments after reportedly agreeing to a last-minute deal, and has not been questioned in court about her finances since 2021. According to The Sun, Katie had been due in court on Thursday where she would be asked to explain how much cash she makes on X-rated modeling site OnlyFans. However the court date has reportedly been vacated, with the hearing now to take place on April 12, with a court official telling the outlet: ‘I can confirm that the hearing on 9/2/23 has been vacated.’ Meanwhile, a source also claimed: ‘The court will wish to know where every penny of her income comes from – whether it be from selling old clothes on Depop or stripping out of her clothes on OnlyFans. ‘Only then can the court make up its mind about her ability to pay her debts.’ Katie had been in danger of losing her multi-million pound mansion over her bankruptcy. Katie lives in the home – dubbed the Mucky Mansion – with her children Jett, nine, and Bunny, eight, whom she shares with ex Kieran Hayler, and son Junior, 17, and daughter Princess, 15, from her previous marriage to Peter André. She also has eldest son Harvey, 20, who is autistic, partially blind, and has Prader-Willi Syndrome, and lives between Katie’s home and a residential college. The new court drama comes after Katie recently showed off her ‘biggest-ever breasts’ in a new photoshoot after getting her 16th boob job. Katie jetted off to Belgium last year for her newest enhancement having previously declared she wanted the biggest breasts in Britain. And while the Guinness Book of World Records may not have been in touch on that side of things just yet, she did confirm they are ‘the biggest I’ve ever been’ at size 2120 CC. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price’s son Junior Andre reveals the worst thing about growing up in the spotlight MORE : Katie Price shows off ‘biggest-ever breasts’ in sizzling red latex bodysuit for shoot after going under knife for 16th boob job 