We’re all feeling the pinch at the moment as the cost of living crisis continues to affect all areas of our lives. Holidays, for example, may look a little different this year – as many swap trips abroad for ones closer to home. Thankfully, the UK is brimming with stunning staycation spots – and one seaside town has just been named the cheapest. According to a new study, Blackpool has been crowned the winner for its low prices. This particular seaside resort boasts the famous Blackpool Tower (and ballroom), as well as the popular Pleasure Beach and zoo. The research, carried out by Sykes Holiday Cottages on a survey of 2,000 holidaymakers, looked at the cost of accommodation, transport, activities and eating out. Cardiff followed close behind in second place, followed by Liverpool in third. The top three defeated seaside favourites Brighton, Scarborough and Whitby, which also featured in the top 10 – but lower down the rankings.  And it seems the findings have come just at the right time as 27% of people are more likely to book a staycation this year, as a result of the cost of living crisis. Likewise, 94% said value for money is important to them when booking a trip. Graham Donoghue, chief executive of Sykes, said: ‘With the rising cost of living continuing to put a squeeze on budgets, many holidaymakers will be looking to see where they can get the best value for money on holidays this year. ‘Throughout the UK, we are spoilt for choice when it comes to a diverse range of landscapes, activities, and history to enjoy, offering multiple opportunities to create lifelong memories for all groups of travellers, no matter what your budget is.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five luxury Tokyo hotels that would be perfect for The White Lotus – if season 3 is set there MORE : These Cotswolds hotels are great for a weekend escape all year round MORE : Room for a romantic weekend break at the grade-II listed Elcot Park