Ukrainians in the city of Lviv gathered in a soldier cemetery to mark the first anniversary of the Russian war in their country. Hundreds of fighters who have been killed over the last year have been buried at the Field of Mars graveyard, in the Lychakiv cemetery. A light installation was set up at the venue last night for people to commemorate what Ukraine has been through. Graves were covered with candles, flowers, national flags and photographs as Lviv locals paid their respects. Photos show families holding each other as they remembered their loved ones, while soldiers dressed in uniform stood to attention. The group sang the national anthem and watched the powerful blue light display beaming into the sky. The symbolic illumination was called a ‘ray of memory’. This is just one of many ceremonies held around the world to mark the anniversary of Russia’s invasion this week. In Paris, the Eiffel Tower was lit up in the blue and yellow colours of Ukraine’s flag. Meanwhile, hundreds of people gathered in London last night and were addressed by defence secretary Ben Wallace. He said: ‘This time last year we weren’t supposed to be here. ‘President Putin had a plan that in three weeks he would have dominated Ukraine, sent people to filtration camps and eventually have turned that country, your wonderful country, into merely a pawn for his ambitions. ‘All of you here from Ukraine, the bravery of your country’s men and women who have stood against this aggression, this illegal war, this challenge to freedom, democracy and human rights should be incredibly proud of what you are standing for.’ Ukrainian ambassador Vadym Prystaiko also told the crowd his country’s people ‘have not lost their optimism’ after a year of war. Speaking at the vigil in London Mr Prystaiko called the conflict an ‘unjustified and unprovoked war’ which has ‘brought so much tragedy and suffering to our nation’. He said Ukrainian people are ‘not losing our optimism’ and are ‘confidently looking at our future’. ‘Ukraine is a strong, young nation with great courageous people, happy to share with the rest of the world their unique culture,’ the ambassador added. Ukrainian soldier Valentyn Ilchuk, who swapped life with his family in Kyiv for a small task force which is currently undertaking missions in the south-eastern Zaporizhzhia region, told Metro.co.uk he will ‘fight to the end’. Since Russia launched the attack, he has found himself in the midst of a tank battle and taken part in the morale-boosting liberation of the Kherson port city. He said: ‘You can feel the fatigue in the air but the morale is there, I don’t think anything has changed in this regard, we are here for the win. ‘If there is no win for us, there is no life for us afterwards, we’ll lose at least a portion of our country. ‘That’s not acceptable after all the victims, losses and destruction. ‘Most of the guys around me are like myself, we want to see it through to the end.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.