Rihanna has given fans another clue over what to expect from her upcoming new music, teasing that it could be ‘weird’. The Umbrella musician, 34, is preparing to perform at the Super Bowl Halftime show on Sunday, marking her return to the stage for the first time in years. Ahead of the performance, fans have been questioning whether this means we will finally get a glimpse of new music, seven years after Anti was released. Appearing at a press conference for the show, she said: ‘Musically, I’m feeling open. ‘I’m feeling open to exploring, discovering, creating things that are new, things that are different, things that are off, weird, might never make sense to my fans. ‘I just want to play, I want to have fun with music.’ The mom-of-one also made light of the lengthy gap between albums, joking that her loyal fans were ‘frustrated’. Rihanna released Unapologetic in 2012, before returning four years later with Anti. When discussing her favorite album in her vast catalog, she named Loud and Unapologetic, before laughing at the reaction from fans. ‘Anti was the first time that I took my time making an album while not on tour,’ she continued. ‘That frustrated my fans a bit and now, look, I’m doing it to them again!’ Well, she’s not wrong… Since 2016, the We Found Love star has gone on to build beauty and lingerie empires, as well as welcome a child with boyfriend A$AP Rocky. She made a brief return to music for the soundtrack of Black Panther: Wakanda Forever at the end of last year, with the track nominated for an Oscar. Elsewhere in the press conference, Rihanna remained coy over what exactly fans could expect from her hit-packed 13-minute show, but admitted that that there are ’39 versions’ of the set list floating around. She revealed that picking songs from her huge back catalog was the trickiest part of her preparation, but insisted that the show would be a ‘celebration’ of her work so far. ‘At the end of the day, if it flops or it flies, my name has to stand by that. So, I really get involved with every aspect of anything that I do,’ she added. ‘The physical challenge has definitely been immense, for many reasons. I haven’t done this for a minute. ‘Trying to put a two-hour set in 13 minutes… You’re going to see on Sunday, from the time it starts, it just never ends. ‘It’s a jam-packed show and it takes a toll on your body.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dionne Warwick leads tributes to ‘dear friend and musical partner’ Burt Bacharach after composer’s death aged 94 MORE : Alec Baldwin faces new lawsuit from Halyna Hutchins’ family after involuntary manslaughter charges  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 