Kate laughed as she confessed she ‘needs to do some training’ while dragging tyres on a visit to a Derby college with army captain Preet Chandi today. The trip was created to celebrate the officer’s record-breaking return from her solo expedition across Antarctica. The Princess of Wales was a patron of Chandi’s endeavour, which saw her break the world record for the furthest unsupported solo polar expedition in history. She covered 922 miles in 70 days and 16 hours, skiing for 13 to 15 hours per day while carrying her supplies on a 265lb sled and battling temperatures of -22 °F. Days after arriving back in the UK, Captain Chandi is now visiting schools across the country to share her story and inspirational message to push boundaries. The first stop of the tour was Landau Forte College in her hometown of Derby, where she made a speech to students. She also presented an award to Simrat Soggi, one of the winners of her national school logo competition. Kate joined her, greeting Chandi, known by her nickname ‘Polar Preet,’ with a hug. Speaking about the feat, the princess said: ‘I just think it’s incredible, what you’ve been able to achieve. ‘Being by yourself… as humans we are meant to connect and be with each other, and being on your own all that time is really challenging.” Kate has long been an advocate of outdoor activities and is joint president of the Scouts. While at the school, she attempted to pull two tyres attached to a harness, which weighed 44lb (20kg) each – and which Capt Chandi pulled along Derby’s roads during her three-year training period to simulate the weight of her sledge. Speaking to pupils, Kate said: ‘(Capt Chandi) has been a huge inspiration to me and it’s been great to see her journey and what she has been able to achieve in the year she has been working towards this incredible goal. ‘I really hope it inspires you all to believe in yourself, to push boundaries and to really work on your own resilience because there are such strong messages that really help support your emotional and mental wellbeing.’ Polar Preet beat the previous world record of 907 miles (1,459km), set in 2015 by fellow soldier Henry Worsley, a retired lieutenant colonel. Speaking of her feat, Chandi said: ‘Physically it was very difficult, but mentally it was a whole different ball game. When you’re looking into nothingness, it was tough to keep going. ‘It was hard, it was cold, it was frustrating, but I thought about the “why” and that helped me.’ The achievement marked the second time Capt Chandi had been to the continent, after becoming the first woman of colour to embark on a solo expedition when she completed a 700-mile (1,127km) ski to the South Pole in 40 days in January last year. She completed the challenge while on a period of leave from her Army role, having joined the Army Reserves at the age of 19 and the regular Army at 27. She is now based in Buckinghamshire, working as a physiotherapist at a regional rehabilitation unit. The army captain, who also helps injured soldiers with training and rehabilitation, is set to resume work in April. Jasmine Dhnota, a 17-year-old Year 13 pupil who took part in a discussion with the women, said: ‘It was surreal, it was incredible, it was so inspiring, and what they had to talk about with mental health really hit home. ‘Personally, struggling with it after Covid, it was so inspiring.’ When asked what her next challenge will be, Capt Chandi said: ‘It doesn’t have to be bigger. For me, it’s about how I can involve people.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.