Will Smith has poked fun at his infamous Oscars slap in a new video and people’s jaws are on the floor. The star famously slapped Chris Rock across the face at last year’s Academy Awards and shortly afterwards was back on stage to receive the best actor gong for his role in King Richard. Will, 54, has now seemingly made light of the moment he slapped 58-year-old comedian Chris after the latter made a joke about Will’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s shaved head. In a social media video shared this week, Will could be seen reacting to a TikToker’s viral video, in which she encouraged people to ask objects what they think of their owners. Bonkers, right? TikToker @missmoneyworking said: ‘I’m gonna tell you something, f*****g crazy. This is literally – it sounds insane, but it will change your life, and by change your life, I mean it will make your life so much more interesting and fun.’ She added: ‘Did you know, you can pick any object, look at it and ask it what it thinks of you. So, for example, you can pick up a pen and ask it how it sees you or what it thinks of you, and you will get an answer in your mind from your intuition. ‘You can ask your car what it thinks of you. You can even ask money what it thinks of you.’ After nodding along to the video, Will picked up his Oscar and held it up to the camera with a concerned look on his face, no doubt a nod to the fact the trophy – if it weren’t an inanimate object – would have a pretty low opinion of Will after witnessing him hit Chris. Many of the award-winning star’s followers were shocked by his latest post, and made their thoughts clear in the comment section below the clip. One person wrote: ‘That is wild,’ while another TikToker added: ‘Too soon Will.’ ‘A hard watch but worth it,’ wrote someone else, with other comments including: ‘I wasn’t expecting this’ and ‘Did not see that coming.’ Last year’s Oscars took place on March 28 and will be remembered for years to come because of Will’s actions. When Chris jumped on stage to present an award, he made an ill-timed gag about Jada, 51, referencing her shaved head despite her previously opening up about suffering from the hair loss condition alopecia. Will then ran onto the stage and struck Chris, telling him to: ‘Keep my wife’s name out [of] your f*****g mouth.’ The Academy condemned his behaviour and launched a formal investigation that resulted in him being banned from the ceremony for ten years. In July, Will apologised to Chris in a video, confessing ‘his behaviour was unacceptable’. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Will’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lorraine Kelly forced to drop out of show last minute after falling ill MORE : Emmerdale spoilers: 31 pictures reveal major crisis, big exit and Kyle’s fate  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 