This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Pancake Day is here, which means you’re likely planning a pre-Lent feast later on… if you haven’t indulged already. For those who haven’t yet stocked up on ingredients, we have some good news. Today, you can get your hands on everything you need to make perfect pancakes absolutely free, thanks to moneysaving site TopCashback. New members of the platform claim back up to £2, which covers raw ingredients like eggs and milk, or pre-made mix if ‘you’d rather avoid the mess of whipping them up from scratch. The offer is valid in all shops in the UK and Ireland; simply get what you need, take a photo of your receipt, then upload to TopCashback for a faff-free refund to your account. Unfortunately, online purchases are exempt, but as long as your in-store receipt includes the date and time of purchase, the store name and the purchase amount, you’re quids in. If you’ve spent more than £2, your cashback amount will be capped at that. Either way, it’s still a decent saving in these budget-conscious times. To get involved, sign up to TopCashback here for free, then upload your receipt by 11.59pm tonight (February 21). After that, you can explore the various offers available – you might even earn yourself some extra cash on purchases you would’ve made anyway. Check out the cheapest supermarkets for pancake ingredients here to get the most out of your freebie. Or, for a Shrove Tuesday with a modern twist, you can give these air fryer pancakes a go. Not only does this method use less energy than cooking them on the hob, it also allows you to make a full stack of fluffy flapjacks at once. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Sainsbury’s rolls out new £2 fruit and vegetable boxes to help with food waste MORE : Chef shares hacks for the perfect pancake toss (and where you’re going wrong)