In the most recent series of The Kardashians, we saw oldest sister, Kourtney, undergo a vaginal steam session. ‘It’s so good for your vagina,’ Kourtney said. ‘You put like roses and stuff, and you’re like steaming your vagina with roses, like what is more luxurious?’ And now, Kourtney is pedaling yet another vaginal product we didn’t know we apparently needed. The latest is vaginal gummies – designed to help your vaginal health and ‘wellness’. Just in time for Valentine’s Day cunnilingus sessions, Kourtney is promoting Lemme Purr multivitamins, that are said to include ‘clinically-studied probiotics to support [the genital’s] taste, odor and freshness, complete with pineapple extract for added sweetness.’ The gummies also have vitamin C in there, which apparently also helps. Naturally, the experts in this field aren’t convinced at all. Dr Aziza Sesay, who specialises in women’s health, even goes as far as to call products like this ‘exploitive’. She says: ‘It uses pineapple and probiotics but to be honest – there is not enough scientific evidence or basis for her claims. ‘Vaginas will always have a slight natural scent and it is self cleaning. ‘The vagina contains “good bacteria” which keep the pH balanced and maintain optimal environment for the vagina. ‘As doctors, supplements or probiotics are sometimes discussed for example when a patient had bacterial vaginosis, but this is tailored to the patient. These things are not one size fits all.’ Sorry Kourt, but the science isn’t scienc-ing. Dr Sesay adds: ‘These sort of products are quite exploitative and unfortunately encourages the stigma and embarrassment around vulvovaginal health. ‘It perpetuates insecurity and encourages patriarchal beliefs. ‘Vaginas are not supposed to smell like berries, roses and flowers – they’re supposed to smell of vagina. ‘If anyone is concerned about their vaginal discharge or smell, they should see their doctor for further assessment and appropriate evidence based management if necessary.’ Available from today for $30, the Lemme Instagram page claims this product launch is designed to help get vaginal health more talked about – well, Kourtney’s done that, but perhaps not in the way intended. While these supplements promise to ‘turn [your genitals] into a sweet treat’, they’re pretty distasteful on their own. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Vagina museum looking for new home as it prepares to close after three years MORE : Everyone with a vagina queefs, don’t worry about it