England World Cup hero Eoin Morgan has announced his retirement from all forms of cricket. Morgan revolutionised England’s white-ball team and captained the side to World Cup glory in 2019. Under Morgan – who played for Ireland before changing allegiances – England also reached the 2016 T20 World Cup final. Morgan retired from international cricket last summer, with Jos Buttler replacing the 36-year-old as England’s one-day captain. ‘It is with great pride that I am announcing my retirement from all forms of cricket,’ said Morgan. ‘After much deliberation I believe that now is the right time to step away from the game that has given me so much over the years. ‘From moving to England in 2005 to join Middlesex, right up to the very end, playing for Paarl Royals in SA20, I have cherished every moment. ‘Thanks to cricket, I have been able to travel the world and meet incredible people, many of whom I have developed lifelong friendships with. ‘Playing for franchise team across the globe has given me so many memories that I will hold on to forever.’ Morgan, who was born in Dublin, played 23 one-day internationals for Ireland after making his international debut in 2006. He played nine games for Ireland at the 2007 World Cup but was soon representing England, first in white-ball cricket and then in Tests. Morgan failed to fully crack Test cricket – averaging 30 from 16 matches – but would be a mainstay in the one-day team for the next decade. A dynamic batter and astute captain, Morgan won the T20 World Cup in 2010 and helped transform England into the best white-ball team in the world following their embarrassing 2015 World Cup exit. Only Carlos Brathwaite’s flurry of sixes denied England the T20 World Cup trophy in 2016 but Morgan’s side were crowned world champions three years later as they beat New Zealand in an all-time classic. Morgan finished his international career with more than 10,000 runs and 16 centuries. He made 33 more in domestic cricket, most recently playing for Middlesex. Discussing his retirement, Morgan added: ‘Although I am calling time on my playing career, I will still be involved in the game, working alongside broadcasters at international and franchise tournaments as a commentator and pundit. I am sincerely looking forward to what the future holds.’ Middlesex, meanwhile, said: ‘Middlesex Cricket would like to thank Eoin for all he has done for the club and the game throughout his career. ‘We are extremely proud to have played a part in his success and wish him every success for his future career in the media.’ MORE : England's Harry Brook wants to ‘dominate’ in New Zealand Test series MORE : What you need to know about the Women’s Cricket T20 World Cup For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 