With 278,000 weddings expected to take place in the UK in 2023 that’s a lot of ceremonies, wedding breakfasts and parties to be had. And once you’ve popped the question, the next one to ask is: where do you host one of the biggest days of your life? Well, look no further. The most Insta-worthy wedding venues have been revealed. Aura Print has analysed over 200 venues around the UK. They searched Instagram to discover which venues were being talked about most, and narrowed it down to the 10 most desirable wedding venue locations. From manor houses to romantic libraries there’s something for every bride and groom. In first place is the historic Hatfield House, which is famous for being the childhood home of Queen Elizabeth I, and has 34,814 mentions on Instagram. This award-winning venue offers various locations to book for your ceremony, from a chapel with it’s stained glass windows crafted in the 1600s, to the stunning gardens. This Georgian manor house was built in 1166 and sits on over 100 acres, filled with grade II listed gardens. The house has been used for events and filming, including The Golden Compass in 2008. This is a renovated barn from the 18th century in the Cotswolds. With rustic weddings becoming popular, it’s perhaps no shock that Cripps Barn scores so high on the list. The rugged edges, exposed beams and natural elements rate it highly on Instagram. This estate is one of the oldest on the list, with 700 years of history. Previously a royal establishment, home to Henry VIII and Elizabeth I – it’s also where she was later arrested for treason. This stately home was built around 1580 and showcases traditional Elizabethan and Victorian features, plus more modern amenities. Weddings can take place in its interiors or in the gardens outside. Another stunning rustic venue, the barn has high ceilings, flagstone floors and wooden beams. It also features a large, open terrace with roaring fire pits so guests can keep warm, no matter the weather. This Tudor manor house in Essex is in 40 acres, and has two lakes, a woodland and a brook – perfect for an outdoor ceremony or those all-important post ‘I do’ shots. This stunning South East London gallery is the world’s first purpose built art gallery – a unique choice that guests won’t forget in a hurry. Couples can even choose to host their reception in the Soane Gallery, surrounded by a collection of Baroque masterpieces. This hall and hotel is a mid 18th century townhouse location in Durhman. There’s a wide choice of rooms, including the Victorian Winter Gardens Orangery and the wood-panelled Shafto Hall. Taking 10th place is Sandhole Oak Barn, perfect for a breathtaking countryside wedding, situated in 400 acres of Cheshire countryside. From the wooden beamed Oak Barn, to the lakeside Clock Tower this is for couples that want to make a statement. Do you have a story you want to share? Email MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk to tell us more. MORE : The best green bridesmaid dresses to buy for 2023 weddings MORE : Colour blind bride sees groom’s green eyes for the first time on wedding day – thanks to special glasses 