Loose Women star Brenda Edwards put a troll on blast after they actually slammed the latest episode which featured an all-Black panel. The popular daytime programme featured hosts Charlene White, Judi Love, Kéllé Bryan and Brenda, who all wore royal blue outfits for the special episode dedicated to Brenda’s son, Jamal Edwards, who tragically died in February last year. The British entrepreneur had founded the online music channel SBTV when he was 15 and helped to launch the career of Ed Sheeran, while also filming other artists including Storzmy, Emeli Sande and Rita Ora. Seeing the ladies all support their friend and colleague sparked a wholesome reaction online, however Brenda expertly shut down a troll who slammed the all-Black line-up. After branding Friday’s panel as ‘anti-white,’ Brenda replied: ‘Wow seems you’re actually the anti one. ‘Why is it always such a big deal when we are on? We’re just 4 beautiful, talented, strong women just like the panel that was on the day before, I really think you need to check yourself. I will pray for you.’ Speaking exclusively to Metro.co.uk last year, comedian and former Strictly Come Dancing star Judi shared that the landmark episode – which aired during Black History Month – still makes her emotional today. ‘It was unbelievable,’ she says. ‘I thought I felt all the emotions and then you get to the table and we start doing it and the show’s going great, and I’m looking around and I can see myself, Charlene, Brenda, and Kelle, and then you’re like there has never been a show for Black women on. ‘Even in the midst of talking and laughing I keep looking and I’m like okay this is a big thing. We get through it and Brenda’s signing at the end and you’re just like… it stopped and we just… everybody, I cannot tell you.’ After stopping to compose herself, Judi admitted: ‘It makes me emotional even now. Everybody, cameramen, production, we were crying and the one thing I remember coming out of production was thinking “I can’t believe this has not been done before”. ‘There was someone there who said, “I’m so sorry, this is unbelievable.”‘ Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Loose Women star India Willoughby receives vile ‘hand delivered’ death threat: ‘It’s like a letter from a horror film’ MORE : Loose Women viewers ‘in tears’ as panel all dress in blue to honour Jamal Edwards 