Bryan Cranston has confirmed the creator of Malcolm In The Middle got a team together to potentially create a movie based on the beloved sitcom. The Breaking Bad star got his big break in the dysfunctional family sitcom 23 years ago, joining the likes of Frankie Muniz and Jane Kaczmarek. Having played goofy and genuinely lovable dad Hal, Bryan proved his talent as an actor by then turning around and playing the menacing Walter White in critically acclaimed crime drama Breaking Bad. But Bryan could be returning to play the dad-of-five in the future should a movie go ahead – and in fact, he was the one who suggested it. Speaking to The Independent, he revealed a movie version is a ‘possibility,’ and he had asked the sitcom’s creator, Linwood Boomer, about it months ago. ‘He said he would think about it, and he got his writers together,’ he revealed. ‘If they can come up with a great idea, a legitimate idea, then he’ll pursue it. But if not, then nah.’ The Emmy-winning actor, who is currently appearing in US drama Your Honour, added he doesn’t ‘need a job, I’ve got plenty of jobs … but I’d want it if it was a great idea.’ And creator Linwood has taken Hal’s advice in the past, with the actor revealing it was his idea to make Hal and Lois so loved-up. He pitched to the creator and writers that Hal should ‘cherish his wife,’ adding that he ‘swooned whenever he was around her. ‘Of course, that’s why they had five kids.’ Previously, Bryan had confirmed the creator was considering the idea of a reboot or new season of the classic show, and declared that the entire cast would be on board. ‘To be able to slip into Hal again, at this age, all those years ago, [would be] phenomenal…. I’m thrilled at the prospect of it,’ he told EW. Back in 2016 Bryan openly expressed an interest in a reunion, while in 2021 Frankie revealed that his on-screen dad had been writing the script for a movie. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bryan Cranston confirms very serious Malcolm in the Middle reboot talks are happening and he’s ‘thrilled’ MORE : Breaking Bad’s Bryan Cranston convinced Superbowl advert will be last time we see Walter White 