Hold onto your hats, music fans, because another act has been confirmed for Glastonbury 2023 – and it’s only Blondie! So far, only Sir Elton John has been officially announced as a headliner for when the annual festival returns to Somerset from June 21 to 25 2023. Sir Elton will headline the Pyramid Stage on the Sunday night, which means he’ll be bringing both the festival and the UK stint of his final tour to a close with one epic show. But now, Blondie drummer Clem Burke has shared that they too will head to Worthy Farm this summer. The American rocker dropped the exclusive when discussing plans for upcoming performances, with their schedule also including Isle of Wight Festival as part of their Lust for Life UK and Ireland tour. When chatting to Foxy Radio, the presenter noted that Blondie – founded by Debbie Harry and guitarist Chris Stein – will be back on English soil on July 1 for their gig in Crystal Palace Park with Iggy Pop. In response, Burke said: ‘We’re also doing Isle of Wight Festival and some other festivals… I guess the full list of artists to be playing Glastonbury hasn’t really been announced yet… but we are going to be playing Glastonbury, so maybe you’ve got an exclusive there.’ Oh me, oh my! This won’t be Blondie’s first time playing Glasto, as they last performed at the much-loved event in 2014 on the Other Stage. The Call Me hitmakers also performed on the iconic Pyramid Stage back in 1999. Other names for this year’s line-up are still being kept under wraps, but that doesn’t meant there hasn’t been plenty of speculation. From Taylor Swift to Harry Styles, and even a possible Spice Girls reunion, rumours are rife over who’ll be digging out their wellies and delighting thousands of fans with their tunes. Another act who seemingly self-confirmed their slot on the bill is Guns N’ Roses, after bassist Duff McKagan made a bit of a slip up before anything official was released. The current line-up for the American hard rock band consists of vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, guitarist Richard Fortus, drummer Frank Ferrer and keyboardists Dizzy Reed and Melissa Reese, as well as McKagan. Speaking on his radio show on Sirius XM in January, the music star began: ‘Maybe some of those Iggy shows we’re going to do.’ When it was declared that the band’s BST Hyde Park set would be unforgettable, he added: ‘And Glastonbury’s going to be iconic for us. ‘We’re going to be announcing some shows soon, guys.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Glastonbury VIP ticket draw in support of Turkey-Syria earthquake appeal raises over £200,000 in first hours MORE : The 1975’s Matty Healy urges Oasis to ‘stop messing around’  and stop fighting: ‘Grow up, headline Glastonbury!’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 