Friends of murdered transgender teen Brianna Ghey have revealed she was bullied for years because of her gender identity. The 16-year-old, from Birchwood in Warrington, Cheshire, was found injured on a path in Linear Park, Culcheth. Just days before she posted a TikTok video revealing she had been excluded from school, it has been claimed. Two teenagers, a 15-year-old boy and girl, both from the area, have since been arrested on suspicion of murder. They are currently in custody according to Cheshire Police. Police have said there is no evidence that Brianna was the victim of a hate crime, however, the teen’s friends have taken to social media claiming she had been bullied and gang beaten at school. They said it had gone on for several years over the ‘simple reason of being trans.’ One friends said she had been bullied in school for years while another friend told The Sun that those aware of the bullying refused to intervene. The reports of alleged bullying came after the teen, who had amassed a large social media following, claimed she was excluded from school. In a video on her now-deleted TikTok account, Brianna, wearing her school uniform, announced her exclusion. The video – reviewed by The Sun – was posted five days before her murder. Emma Mills, Head Teacher at the school told the newspaper the community is ‘shocked and truly devastated’ by Brianna’s death. She said: ‘This is understandably a very difficult and distressing time for many and we will do our utmost to support our pupils and wider school community.’ Brianna’s family also issued tribute to their daughter, describing her as ‘beautiful, witty and hilarious’. Her family today released a statement and thanked her friends for their support. They said: ‘Brianna was a much-loved daughter, granddaughter, and baby sister. ‘She was a larger-than-life character who would leave a lasting impression on all that met her. Brianna was beautiful, witty and hilarious. Brianna was strong, fearless and one of a kind. ‘The loss of her young life has left a massive hole in our family, and we know that the teachers and her friends who were involved in her life will feel the same. We would like to thank everyone for their kind words and support during this extremely difficult time. ‘We would like to thank the police for their support, and witnesses for helping with the investigation. The continuation of respect for privacy is greatly appreciated.’ So far more than £52,000 has been donated to a fundraising page in memory of Brianna. The funds will be used to cover funeral expenses and support her family who say the death of Brianna has ‘left a massive hole’ in their hearts. MORE : Family pays tribute to ‘beautiful’ and ‘fearless’ teen stabbed to death in park MORE : Two teens arrested after 16-year-old stabbed to death in park Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.