Ezra Miller teamed up with both Batman and Supergirl in the first official trailer for DC blockbuster The Flash, which debuted during the Super Bowl. The actor will reprise their role of the DC superhero in the upcoming film – the character’s first solo movie – which is due to hit cinemas on June 16. The Flash has pushed ahead despite multiple controversies involving Miller, who identifies as non-binary and uses they/them pronouns, over the past 12 months. The trailer also features appearances from Ben Affleck and Michael Keaton, both of whom have starred as Batman previously, with Affleck Miller’s Justice League co-star and Keaton reprising the iconic role after over 30 years. He was previously the Caped Crusader in 1989’s Batman, reprising his role for Batman Returns in 1992, with his other planned revival as the hero in Batgirl now shelved, alongside the film. The action-packed trailer sees Barry Allen (Miller) run afoul of the multiverse, before bumping into an alternate version of himself and the two Batmans (Batmen?). ‘You can go anywhere; another timeline, another universe, so why do you want to stay and fight to save this one?’ Keaton is heard to ask Miller. ‘Because this is the one where my mum lives. I’m not going to lose her again,’ Miller replies. The trailer also sees the return of Michael Shannon, once more in the part of the villainous General Zod from DC’s Man Of Steel franchise. DC boss James Gunn previously confirmed that Henry Cavill will no longer portray Superman in the DC Universe, but fans were treated to a glimpse of Sasha Calle’s debut as Supergirl in The Flash. In August last year, Miller announced that they were beginning treatment to help with a series of ‘complex mental health issues’, and apologised to studio bosses for ‘bringing negative attention’ to the movie. They had previously been charged by US police over an alleged burglary in the state of Vermont, as well as being accused of grooming a young girl, with the star  reported to have agreed to plead guilty to a tresspassing charge in the first case. Prior to that, Miller had been arrested twice in Hawaii on charges of second-degree assault and disorderly conduct at a karaoke bar. The Flash is expected to play a major role in the reboot of the DC Universe, with Gunn recently sharing updates on an eight-to-10 year plan for the franchise. Posting the trailer for the film on Sunday, he wrote on Twitter: ‘I love this movie so much. Can’t wait for you all to see it.’ Also previewing at the Super Bowl was Gunn’s other superhero blockbuster, Guardians Of The Galaxy: Volume III, due for release on May 9. Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista and Bradley Cooper are all set to return to their roles of the goofy space-travelling heroes. Other Super Bowl movie trailers included Dungeons And Dragons, 65, and Indiana Jones And The Dial Of Destiny – arriving on June 30. The dramatic clip, also featuring Mads Mikkelsen, saw Harrison Ford and Phoebe Waller Bridge fall out of the back of an aeroplane. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jay Z meets Gordon Ramsay, Adele gets shady and Cara Delevingne flashes Rihanna tee as celebs rush to Super Bowl MORE : New Marvel villain Jonathan Majors studied Tom Hiddleston and then Paul Rudd ‘for hours’ to be perfect ‘antagonist’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 