Louise Thompson was taken to hospital for surgery after suffering a haemorrhage at her London home. The former Made In Chelsea star, 32, said earlier this week had been taken into the care of medics after having been struck by an ‘unexpected situation.’ The fitness fanatic, who had multiple traumatic near-fatal incidents after welcoming baby son baby Leo-Hunter with boyfriend Ryan Libbey, 32, shared pictures from a ward. In a caption, she urged fans to surround themselves with their loved ones, writing: ‘Oh and without sounding too dramatic, tell everyone that you love them RIGHT NOW.’ On Thursday night, Ryan shared an update with his Instagram followers after the incident, saying that Louise had been rushed to hospital to be closely monitored after haemorrhaging. He said: ‘2023 started well for me and for my family. ‘Last Friday it got flipped on his head again. Louise haemorrhaged at home, again. Rushed to hospital for surgery and close monitoring for four days. ‘Louise is home now, stable and doing well. She’s a warrior!’ ‘Leo has picked up impetigo from nursery. Dad is tired. ‘We were supposed to be landing in St Lucia now for a two week break.’ Following the birth of her son, Louise revealed the tot spent his first weeks in a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) while she spent even longer recovering in adult ICU. Since labour, Louise has spoken openly about suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and post-natal anxiety in updates with her followers. She described the condition as not being able to have a ‘normal thought’, constantly thinking about ‘death’ and fearing everything in her house. ‘I couldn’t see, couldn’t smell, couldn’t talk… when I would talk I would panic because every word that came out of my mouth didn’t make sense,’ she said previously, admitting that she felt ‘not alive’ and that her brain ‘basically shut down.’ Louise has had numerous physical side effects including a lupus diagnosis and suspected Asherman’s syndrome – a rare condition where adhesions build up inside the uterus. In her trauma, Louise has also described how she experienced panic attacks which left her ‘partially blind’ for an hour, regularly burst into tears and can’t remember the first five months of her son’s life. ‘I want to cry because I was a totally CRAP parent. I really was and it wasn’t my fault,’ she said. ‘But it didn’t need to be that way. There was no connection, in fact I can’t even remember anything for the first five months of his life.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Louise Thompson back in hospital amid year-long health battle after traumatic birth: ‘Tell everyone that you love them’ MORE : Spencer Matthews ‘regrets’ infamous Made in Chelsea break-up scene with Louise Thompson: ‘I feel embarrassed about it’ 