Russia has suffered one of its heaviest military losses after Ukraine estimates it has killed, wounded or imprisoned some 5,000 soldiers. The number of those ‘taken out’ includes members of the elite 155th naval infantry, which stormed the Donetsk region in late January. Ukrainian soldiers also killed the brigade’s command staff and destroyed 130 pieces of equipment, including 36 tanks. Oleksiy Dmytrashkivskyi, head of the united press centre of the Tavriskiy District of Ukrainian defence forces, revealed the estimates to Politico. UK officials estimate 824 Russian troops are being killed each day, with Dmytrashkivskyi claiming the 155th brigade has needed new manpower three times. He told Politico: ‘The 155th brigade already had to be restaffed three times. The first time after Irpin and Bucha; the second time they were defeated near Donetsk — they recovered again. ‘And now almost the entire brigade has already been destroyed near Vuhledar.’ Igor Girkin, a former Russian intelligence officer, complained soldiers were being mown down ‘like turkeys in a shooting range’. He said of the generals: ‘Some of them are complete cretins – all the mistakes that were made before were repeated.’ UK defence officials said there are a number of reasons for these high Russian losses. A Defence Intelligence update stated: ‘The uptick in Russian casualties is likely due to a range of factors including lack of trained personnel, coordination and resources across the front — this is exemplified in Vuhledar and Bakhmut.’ However the Kremlin continues to boast of military success, with defence minister Sergei Shoigu claiming they had completed a ‘successful offensive near Vuhledar’. In response, Kyiv’s Defence Ministry posted a video of the destruction of the Russian military column in the area. Military drones have filmed Russian tanks driving into minefields, bombs dropped on armoured vehicles, troops fleeing in panic alongside bodies on the ground. But Ukrainians are not rushing to celebrate a victory, as Russian forces continue to fight near Avdiivka and Bakhmut. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.