2022 was overflowing with pivotal moments in women’s sporting history. At Wembley, the Lionesses roared to victory in the Euros – creating a wave of new interest in the Women’s Super League. At Hampden, Ireland beat Scotland to make their way to the World Cup for the very first time. And it wasn’t just football seeing a surge in support. Women’s boxing soared to new heights thanks to the knock-out performance of Ireland’s Katie Taylor over Amanda Serrano in New York. Meanwhile, England’s women’s cricket team enjoyed a record-breaking year as well as the Red Roses in rugby. New research has shown how viewing figures themselves were broken in spectacular style. A new report by the Women’s Sport Trust showed the average viewer watched 8 hours 44 minutes of women’s sport in 2022, compared to 3 hours 47 minutes in 2021. Women’s sport attracted more viewers than the likes of Strictly Come Dancing, I’m a Celebrity and the Great British Bake Off. Tammy Parlour, of the Women’s Sport Trust, was in the stands at Wembley when thousands erupted as Chloe Kelly scored the winning goal for the Lionesses. Having battled for a decade to grow women’s sport, seeing the scale of public reaction to the final was an emotional moment. Tammy told Metro.co.uk: ‘It really reflected that deeper engagement that fans are having and the role broadcasters are playing in making it more visible. So let’s bring on more, I say. ‘When we look at women sport we often compare it to men’s sport. But actually it’s entertainment – so let’s look at other other entertainment properties and let’s see how it’s stacking up. ‘Essentially, visibility matters, you can’t watch women’s sport if it’s not on. The demand is there, it’s been proven now. ‘What we need now is a cross platform approach to keep that momentum going. It’s not just broadcasters either, it’s about print media, TV sport news – every part of that ecosystem around women’s sport. ‘Scheduling is a challenge, there’s a busy marketplace there and it’s still hard to find the best time for broadcast which also suits people in the stands. So there is a way to go. ‘But research like this is so important for the industry in providing data that has never been available before. Decision-makers are coming to the table and I’m keen to keep the momentum moving forward to get more and more people engaged in women’s sport.’ Another exciting year lies ahead for women’s sport. There’s an endless list of events to look forward to – such as the T20 World Cup in South Africa, Twickenham play host to the Red Roses’ first standalone fixture, there’s the Netball World Cup, the Solheim Cup – and more. Pressure is now growing on broadcasters to meet demand as thousands of new viewers search out ways to watch their teams in action. For broadcaster Shebahn Aherne, she had a feeling change was coming on a cold March night in South London. Manchester City beat Chelsea 3-1 as a huge crowd of people watched on. She told Metro.co.uk: ‘I was at the Conti cup final last year, covering it for Talk Sport. I’d looked around and just thought “this is packed, this is different.” ‘Every seat was taken. I was with Lianne Sanderson and even she was blown away by the scale of it, we hadn’t seen anything like it before. ‘I remember honing in on Ellen White and seeing her celebrating too, even for senior players like her the scale of support was new.’ Shebahn went on to cover the Euros, reporting on so many games that she began to lose count. But dashing up and down the M1 to cover the matches was a ‘joy’ she wouldn’t have changed for the world. It soon became clear that the variety of opportunities was no longer a novelty – they were fast becoming the norm. Shebahn said: ‘I loved the Euros, every single day of it. ‘During the tournament I was able to do what I love every single day, talk about women in football. It was bonkers, the phone didn’t stop.’ ‘Sometimes there are outlets or broadcast industries who aren’t prepared, they think “oh we’ll see how it goes”, but this showed how important it was to have the coverage from the start.’ Questions remain on how the women’s World Cup, to be played out in Australia and New Zealand, will be played out given the time difference. Ireland, captained by Katie McCabe, will open the tournament against Australia at the 82,000-strong Accor stadium. For broadcasters moving forward – scheduling still remains a big issue for games. Women’s sport needs to be shown at accessible times for fans in attendance but also those watching at home. Evening games, such as 7.45pm kick offs in football, mean children – who could be inspired to participate, are unable to go. The recent research by the Women’s Sport Trust has, for the first time, showed broadcasters that good time slots are worth the investment. The proof is in the both silverware and the viewing figures. Tammy said: ‘When you see those figures comparing women’s sport against the likes of Bake Off and I’m a Celebrity, it’s just extraordinary. ‘There were three things that stood out to me from the data. ‘First was the average viewing time. The time people are spending with women’s sport has increased by 131% from last year. ‘In 2021, people were on average watching 3 hours and 47 minutes of women’s sport. In 2022 that became 8 hours and 44 minutes – a massive improvement. ‘Secondly, we often speak of “pinnacle” moments and the peaks and troughs associated with women’s sport. But we’re trying to show that there is consistent interest, the Women’s Super League and domestic sport as a whole has been a big drive in that. ‘Thirdly, we’ve always known in our gut that there’s a unique audience for women’s sport and this report highlighted that. ‘One stat that has got a lot of attention is that 1.8 million people watched the Women’s Euros – but not the Men’s World Cup.’ Moving forward, women’s sport is only going to grow. There have been questions and debates about equal pay and stadium access as well as broadcast opportunities. For 2023, the message is simply ‘more, more, more’. Shebahn added: ‘I love to see the big audiences. After games I can’t wait to see the Sky viewing figures, BBC’s stats – all of it. ‘We want to see more of it now. We want people to enjoy being part of women’s sport and not question why it’s on in the first place, or why they’re using “men’s” stadiums. ‘It’s the sport that people love, so gender shouldn’t be an issue. ‘There are so many opportunities out there now – and we need to take them.’ To read more on the new data from the Women’s Sport Trust, click here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.