Devoted Fawlty Towers fans had mixed feelings about the classic sitcom making a comeback after 40 years. On Tuesday, it was confirmed that the British comedy would be returning for a reboot, in news that was announced by Castle Rock Entertainment, after the company secured a deal with actor John Cleese. The series was written by John and his ex-wife Connie Booth, who he was married to from 1965 to 1978, a year before the show came to an end after running for two series on BBC2. The revival will see John’s beloved Basil grapple with the fact that he has a daughter- played by his daughter Camilla Cleese – who he didn’t know existed, all the while trying to stay up to date with the modern, ever-changing world. Speaking about the news, the 83-year-old said that he liked the fact that producer Matthew George ‘really “gets” the creative process’, recalling how their first meeting unfolded. While John can’t wait to get started on the new project, viewers don’t know how to feel about the revival, with many fearing it won’t be as ‘funny’ as the original. One person tweeted: ‘Why and how has anyone thought a reboot of Fawlty Towers is a good idea? It’s absolute perfection and doesn’t need a modern-day rehash. Car crash waiting to happen.’ ‘Uh oh. Nearly every reboot of popular 70s/80s comedy has been a letdown. And the more popular the original the bigger the letdown. Good luck with this,’ another echoed. Broadcaster Piers Morgan also weighed in on the news, tweeting: ‘No no no. This is a terrible idea…’ Another fan, who held a different view added: ‘A lot of people on here being snarky about the #FawltyTowers reboot. But here’s an idea – maybe give one of the funniest people in history a chance? I don’t know if it will be good but Cleese has enough points on the board to deserve the opportunity.’ Speaking about working with Camilla – who is John’s second child, the daughter of his second wife Barbara Trentham – John said the duo were looking ‘forward enormously to expanding it into a series.’ Producers Derrick and George Rossi revealed that meeting John and Camilla was one of the ‘great thrills’ of his life. ‘I’ve watched the first two seasons so many times I have lost count. I dreamed of one day being involved in a continuation of the story. Now it’s come true,’ he remarked. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Fawlty Towers star Prunella Scales, 90, ‘enjoying life’ after Alzheimer’s diagnosis, says husband Timothy West MORE : John Cleese to reboot celebrated sitcom Fawlty Towers with daughter Camilla more than 40 years after final episode 