Life can quickly take sharp turns with a Mercury/Uranus aspect that spurs rebellion. Aries might find it harder to deal with situations that are limiting or boring, while Cancer could be drawn to groups of people completely different to themselves. Scorpio might need to be careful with their words in case of crossed wires, and Aquarius could see their carefully-made plans unravel. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 21, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 As Mercury faces off with rebellious Uranus, you’ll be restless and keen to keep moving. Are you looking for a way to make the coming days more interesting? If so, seek out people or ideas that are innovative and refreshing. You’ll find it hard to put up with situations that limit your freedom or that are too boring. Go easy, as a rash decision might sabotage all your hard work. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Routine tasks and chores might seem way too tedious, but anything that involves new opportunities will appeal. Keep those ideas coming, as they may be your passport to fresh experiences. The pace of change can quicken over coming days, and you might feel that it’s all happening too fast. Do what you have to, to deal with it, Taurus. There is really no need to rush. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 There is an innovative energy in the air, Gemini. If you tap into it, you might uncover the answer to a long-running issue, or come up with plans for an exciting day out. This may not be the best time for talking things over, especially as inflexible aspects can make it hard to reach an agreement or to compromise. If you need to brainstorm though, this is a great opportunity. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Drawn to a person, group or club, that holds different ideas to your own? You may be eager to find out more. You might not agree on certain issues, but their company will provide food for thought. Ready to meet new people, Cancer? Doing so may change your outlook, if you’re prepared to be flexible and open your mind to fresh perspectives. A positive shift could occur. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Plans could change due to sudden events. As Mercury squares off with Uranus, you might prefer spontaneous and exciting happenings to anything too mundane. The coming days may reveal a hidden side to you that revels in the unexpected, or others could see a facet of you that surprises them, even if they know you well. Need time out? A spur of the moment outing may do the trick. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Mercury angles towards Uranus, so this is not a time to stick with the familiar, but to branch out and explore new paths. Some of the ideas you come across could seem fascinating. Dwell on them further, and they might provide solutions to some of your most pressing questions. Browsing books, surfing the web and talking things over, can pave the way for sizzling insights. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Ready to roll? Today may be different. Part of the enjoyment can be because things take a different turn than expected. Flexibility could be an asset, and the key to getting the outcome you want, even if things aren’t going to plan. Plus, as the Moon aligns with aquatic Neptune, calling up someone who needs reassurance will let them know that you really do care about them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The wrong words spoken at the wrong time could cause an upset, and it may be down to crossed wires, Scorpio. You’ll need to be ultra-careful anyway, as others could be snappy for no good reason. The Mercury/Uranus angle is not that great for fostering good communication, and someone could choose to be difficult just because they feel in an edgy mood. So, be prepared! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A disruptive aspect suggests you’d be wise to cut out activities that require you to be on the ball, as your attention could be scattered. And if you need to let off steam, opt for a good walk or a workout, as it can leave you calmer and better able to focus. There may be some mind-blowing plans and ideas swirling in the ether, but you can’t take them all on board. Be selective, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Keep things simple over coming days, Capricorn. If you become too bogged down in the details, there is more scope for things to go wrong. Unpredictable influences could play havoc with your plans, so the less complicated they are, the better. A flood of ideas might find you ready to make a decision which could transform your life. Think long and hard about this before you go for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 This might be a disruptive time when plans could unravel. You may be running in circles to get something sorted out because you’re let down at the last moment. And yet you could also encounter someone who turns out to be a real treasure and a great person to know. Going it alone with a DIY project? It’s worth being careful. If you aren’t sure, get an expert in, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Need an original perspective on something? A creative and innovative aspect could bring exciting ideas into the mix. Have a new interest? Connecting with others who share your fascination may be a game-changer, Pisces. Plus, with the Moon aligning with Neptune, you may encounter someone you really sync with. This could become a friendship that you treasure. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 19 to February 25 MORE : Your star sign’s Pisces season tarot horoscope – it’s time for self care MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023