Relatives of Emma Pattison and her daughter Lettie have paid tribute to the ‘inseparable’ pair. Both were found dead at their home within the grounds of Epsom College in Surrey. George Pattison, Emma’s husband and Lettie’s father, is understood to have killed them before committing suicide shortly after. In a statement issued through Surrey Police, the family said: ‘To see the esteem in which Emma is held by all who knew her is an enormous comfort. ‘She was everything one could hope for in a daughter, sister, mother, wife, friend, teacher and so much more. ‘We are an extremely close family and family was at the centre of Emma and Lettie’s universe. The Epsom College Community had become part of that universe for them both. ‘Seven-year-old Lettie was Emma’s pride and joy: an adorable, vibrant little girl with a compelling curiosity, a heart-melting smile and an intellect beyond her years. ‘The two of them were inseparable and we take comfort in that they will remain so.’ According to reports, Mrs Pattison made a distressed call to a family member in the hours before she was killed. But by the time the relative arrived at their Surrey home, the three were already dead. Mrs Pattison became Epsom College’s first female head last September after six years leading staff at Croydon High School in south London. In a podcast released weeks earlier, she revealed how her small family had gone through ‘big changes’ since she started her new role. She said: ‘I’ve got a new job, my husband has got a new job, that wasn’t meant to happen but it did and my daughter has started a new school so there’s been a lot of change for us as a family.’ Her husband was a chartered accountant who was director of a consultancy called Tanglewood 2016, according to Companies House. The family of Emma and Lettie used their statement today to also thank those who had paid tribute to their pair. Their statement continued: ‘We, the family of Emma and Lettie, would like to express our deepest, heartfelt thanks for the overwhelming support we have received over the past 11 days. ‘Thank you to the immeasurable number of people and institutions who have written messages, sent flowers, paid tributes, held vigils or otherwise taken time to remember Emma and Lettie. ‘We would like to thank Surrey Police for their sensitive and thorough handling of the on-going investigation into this horrendous tragedy and to the Epsom College Community, Croydon High and Danes Hill schools for their invaluable support. ‘Thank you also to the media who have, largely, respected our privacy at this difficult time: we ask that they continue to do so.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.