A mum has splashed out around £10,000 on her baby’s lavish wardrobe as she says she would never let her daughter leave the house in tacky clothes. 19-year-old Liana Olgun, from Great Yarmouth, regularly co-ordinates her outfits with her 18-month-old daughter, Myla Rose. She’s definitely among the most stylish babies we’ve ever seen. Liana prides herself on her daughter’s stylish ensembles and the fact that Myla never outfit repeats. Peppa Pig merch is also banned – this fashion-obsessed mum says she hates character-themed clothes. Liana spends half an hour each evening deciding what Myla will wear the following day and never lets her daughter leave the house in a less-than-perfect outfit. This stylish mumma started shopping for clothes to stock her baby’s wardrobe when she found out she was pregnant with a girl. ‘I always wanted to be a girl mum so that I could dress my daughter in cute outfits, and we could co-ordinate,’ she said. ‘I always make an effort whenever I am leaving the house and wearing a nice outfit, so I want the same for my daughter.’ Liana said Myla’s on board, and that she loves getting dressed up each day and looking at herself in the mirror. ‘It’s so cute’, Liana said. ‘I have had a couple people tell me that she’s not a doll, but I don’t listen to them. ‘She’s my daughter and I can dress her how I like.’ Like a true fashion girlie, Liana plans how Myla will dress for upcoming seasons. ‘I already have all of her outfits for the summer this year and I even started shopping for her winter wardrobe too,’ she said. In total, Liana estimates that she has spent £10,000 kitting out Myla with her amazing outfits, regularly treating her to hauls worth up to £500. She says that she is constantly on the lookout for more to add to the collection for her daughter. ‘I wouldn’t want Myla to go out the house in an outfit that wasn’t well put together,’ she said. Liana’s happiest when Myla is in neutrals, high knee socks with bows, headbands and cute rompers – and no cartoon character in sight. She said: ‘Some of the things I can’t stand and wouldn’t let Myla wear is Peppa Pig or any kind of character-themed clothing and multicoloured things. ‘If someone buys her something like that, I just don’t put it on her. ‘Everyone comments on how amazing Myla’s outfits are and tells me how she’s the most stylish baby they know.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Paris Hilton named her son Phoenix – here’s some more city baby names to inspire you MORE : How one couple fashioned a £1,200 kitchen by reusing items and going to car boot sales MORE : Holidays with a toddler can be a breeze, especially at this luxury European resort