Stacey Dooley has shared a first glimpse of her and Kevin Clifton’s baby daughter Minnie. The couple first met in 2018 when they were partnered on Strictly Come Dancing and went on to win the series outright. Months later they began a romantic relationship and have been inseparable ever since, last summer announcing they were expecting their first child together with a joyous social media post. In January, Stacey, 35, and Kevin, 39, confirmed they had welcomed a daughter together, who they named Minnie. Like many parents in the spotlight, the couple have chosen so far not to show their baby’s face, however, Stacey has now posted a gorgeous clip of new dad Kevin with his daughter in honour of Valentine’s Day. The star took to Instagram where she revealed a short clip of Kevin holding his baby girl and rocking her while looking into her eyes, visibly completely head-over-heels for her. Baby Minnie, who can be seen from the back, is wearing a sweet yellow cosy jumper with her name embroidered in pink. Over the beautiful clip of father-and-daughter, Stacey placed the Tommy Blaize track My Girl. Celebrating the romantic day, Stacey wrote: ‘My Valentines… the loves of my life.’ ‘I dunno what I did to get SO lucky,’ she continued. ‘To the best dad and man in the world ….. happy vally’s darlin. Ps….. you’re on nights when u get home from tour!’ The new dad is currently on tour across the UK with Strictly Ballroom, a musical theatre version of Baz Luhrmann’s 1992 hit film. Choreographed by the legendary Craig Revel Horwood – the tour is set to go on for 10 months, and will hit 40 cities across the UK. The couple announced the arrival of their daughter in January by sharing a photo of an envelope with the words ‘Minnie’s parents’ scrawled across the front. Stacey wrote: ‘Our Daughter is here. My little masterpiece! I’m COMPLETELY OBSESSED.’ The 35-year-old signed off: ‘Love you Minnie, Love you Kev x.’ She previously admitted on The One Show that she feels ‘really lucky’, as at 35 ‘you never take it for granted’. ‘But I can’t quite believe I’m going to be in charge of a little human being.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Dooley welcomes baby girl with Strictly Come Dancing star Kevin Clifton and reveals sweet name MORE : Stacey Dooley recalls ‘chaotic’ moment she discovered she was pregnant in toilet at Selfridges 