A Portuguese farm dog called Bobi has just smashed a world record to be named not just the world’s oldest dog- but the oldest dog of all time. Guinness World Records certified Bobi — who is 30 years and 266 days old as of February 1, 2023 — as the new record holder, just two weeks after previously crowning Spike the Chihuahua, 23, as the oldest living canine. The previous oldest dog ever was an Australian cattle dog named Bluey, who lived to be 29 years and 5 months old. Bluey lived from 1910 to 1939, and held the title of oldest dog for nearly a century until it was broken by Bobi. A Rafeiro do Alentejo breed who lives in the Leira district of Portugal, Bobi spends his days at the family-run farm where he was born and raised in the village of Conqueiros. Despite his advanced age, the calm and friendly dog is still in good health and enjoys playing with his family’s four cats. Family members believe the secret to his longevity is the fact that he has always lived in the countryside in a peaceful environment, surrounded by nature. Yet despite his long and happy life, Bobi’s survival was a miraculous one, and happened almost entirely by chance. He was born as one of four male pups, in an outbuilding where the Costa family stored wood. ‘I was eight years old,’ said Leonel Costa, now aged 38. ‘My father was a hunter, and we always had many dogs.’ Due to the number of animals they already owned, Leonel’s father decided that they couldn’t keep the newborn puppies. ‘Unfortunately, at that time it was considered normal by older people who could not have more animals at home […] to bury the animals in a hole so that they would not survive,’ Leonel explained. But Leonel’s father accidentally left little Bobi behind, and when he and his brothers spotted the miraculous pup in the garden, they kept his existence a secret. ‘We knew that when the dog opened its eyes, my parents would no longer bury it. It was popular knowledge that this act could not or should be done,’ Leonel explained. It usually takes one to two weeks for newborn puppies to open their eyes, and when Leonel’s parents eventually discovered Bobi, it was too late. Leonel said they were punished but it was ‘worth it’ and loved growing up with little Bobi on the farm. Nowadays, Bobi sleeps well at night and enjoys a good rest after meals, as well as relaxing by the fireplace on particularly cold days. He loves to eat and mostly has the same food as his owners, but with care taken to soak it in water to remove the seasoning first. He also drinks plenty of water. He had just one health scare in 2018 but pulled through, and nowadays lives a normal life, despite some difficulties with his eyesight and walking that come with age. Leonel describes Bobi as ‘one of a kind,’ and still holds out hope that one day Bobi could father some puppies of his own, as he is the last of a long generation of animals. Looking at Bobi reminds Leonel of his childhood, playing together and even the walks to school of years gone by. The beloved pet also makes him think of family members who have sadly passed away including his father, who Bobi used to live with too. Seeing Bobi’s long life recognised by becoming a Guinness World Records title holder, ‘is an immense joy’, Leonel says. ‘We are very happy and grateful to life for allowing us, after 30 years, to have Bobi in our daily lives.’ Bobi’s age has been verified by SIAC, a pet database authorised by the Portuguese government and managed by the National Union of Veterinarians. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.