The body of Nicola Bulley was able to be identified by dental records, the opening of her inquest at Lancashire Coroner’s Court has heard. The mum-of-two, 45, was discovered on the banks of the River Wyre on Sunday less than a mile from where she vanished. An inquest into her death opened at 12pm today at Preston Coroner’s Court. No cause of death was revealed during the brief hearing, which was not attended by Nicola’s family. During the inquest, senior coroner Dr James Adeley said he had contacted consultant maxillofacial surgeon Andrew Ian Edwards to ask him to compare dental records obtained by police from the Great Eccleston dental surgery. He said: ‘He examined the body that was located in the River Wyre near Rawcliffe Road in St Michael’s on Wyre at 2.15pm on February 20.’ Dr Adeley said the surgeon found restorative work carried out was identical. ‘I am satisfied on the balance of probabilities, and more, that positive identification has been made,’ he added. Coroner Dr James Adeley said: ‘The family have been informed of the date, time and place of the opening of the inquest and have chosen not to attend for reasons I can quite understand.’ He said remaining evidence gathered by police and the post-mortem examination required ‘further evaluation’ and a full inquest was likely to be held in June, once availability of a Home Office pathologist had been checked. ‘This will allow time to collate the facts of the case and allow the experts involved to finalise the findings from investigations that still need to be undertaken,’ he added. Police and divers searched for Nicola for more than three weeks after she went missing on January 27. On Sunday, police were called to the river following reports two walkers had found a body. The body was formally identified as Nicola’s on Monday, which was announced at a press conference held at Lancashire Police headquarters later that day. However, they did not address the widespread criticism they had received for releasing some aspects of Ms Bulley’s private life into the public domain. Police also did not disclose why it took 23 days to find her body in the river. In a heartbreaking statement following the announcement, Nicola’s family said their ‘worst fears had been confirmed’. ‘We will never be able to comprehend what Nikki had gone through in her last moments and that will never leave us,’ they said. ‘We will never forget Nikki, how could we, she was the centre of our world, she was the one who made our lives so special and nothing will cast a shadow over that. ‘Our girls will get the support they need from the people who love them the most.’ They added: ‘Our hearts truly break for others who have missing loved ones. Keep that hope alive. ‘Finally, Nikki, you are no longer a missing person, you have been found, we can let you rest now. ‘We love you, always have and always will, we’ll take it from here.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.