An investigation has been launched into Jeremy Clarkson’s vile Meghan Markle column after the piece received more than 25,000 complaints. The article in question, which was published in December in The Sun and later removed, became the most complained-about ever at Ipso (the Independent Press Standards Organisation). The regulator said it was taking forward complaints from two groups, The Fawcett Society and The Wilde Foundation, which said that they were affected by breaches of Clause 1 (Accuracy), Clause 3 (Harassment) and Clause 12 (Discrimination) in the article. In the piece, Clarkson said he ‘hated’ Meghan and had dreamed of her being paraded through British towns and publicly shamed. ‘We will make public the outcome of this investigation through our website and on our social media channels when it is concluded,’ Ipso said, after receiving 25,100 complaints in total regarding the piece. In Clarkson’s original article, which has since been taken down from the website, he said that he hated the Duchess of Sussex on a ‘cellular level’. ‘At night, I’m unable to sleep as I lie there, grinding my teeth and dreaming of the day when she is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while the crowds chant, “Shame!” and throw lumps of excrement at her,’ he wrote at the time. Following widespread backlash, the 62-year-old said that he emailed Meghan and Prince Harry to apologise on Christmas Day. ‘I really am sorry. All the way from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head. This is me putting my hands up. Its a mea culpa with bells on,’ the Clarkson’s Farm star said in his lengthy statement. He also added: ‘I was mortified and so was everyone else. My phone went mad. Very close friends were furious. Even my own daughter took to Instagram to denounce me.’ In response, a spokesperson for Meghan, 41, and Harry, 38, said: ‘On December 25, 2022, Mr Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex. The contents of this correspondence were marked Private and Confidential.’ They continued: ‘While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories, and misogyny.’ The second season of the former Top Gear star’s programme Clarkson’s Farm is just a day away from its launch on Amazon Prime Video. While a third season was confirmed, it was reported that Amazon had parted ways with Clarkson following his hateful comments about Meghan. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 