Former President Donald Trump’s Facebook and Instagram accounts have been restored by Meta after a two-year suspension. Trump was given back access to his accounts on Thursday, confirmed Meta spokesperson Andy Stone. The move comes after Meta in late January said it would lift the suspension ‘in the coming weeks’. Trump was blocked from his accounts a day after the deadly January 6, 2021 insurrection, during which his followers stormed the Capitol building trying to stop Congress from certifying the election for Joe Biden. The ban was imposed to stop him from further inciting violence. The reinstatement allows Trump, who is making a 2024 bid for president, to once again reach his 34million Facebook followers as well as 23million on Instagram. Late last month, Meta’s president of global affairs Nick Clegg said Trump would be allowed back on Facebook as long as he did not violate its rules. ‘We’re trying to strike a balance between keeping people safe on our platform, making sure that our services are not used to threaten real would harm,’ said Clegg. ‘But at the same time we think the American people should hear from those who want to lead them, and we don’t want to stand in the way of that.’ Trump’s future posts on its platforms could be removed if they violate the social media company’s rules. He could also face ‘heightened penalties’, Meta said at the time, including a suspension of one month to two years ‘depending on the severity of the violation’. ‘We are doing so with new guardrails in place to deter repeat offenses,’ stated Meta. In mid-January, the Trump campaign penned a letter to Meta pushing for reinstatement. ‘We believe that the ban on President Trump’s account on Facebook has dramatically distorted and inhibited the public discourse,’ wrote his campaign. The Trump campaign asked for a meeting with Meta, which then said it would ‘announce a decision in the coming weeks in line with the process we laid out’. Trump’s Twitter account, which was permanently suspended after the insurrection, was reinstated in November after Elon Musk took over the company. Trump has so far continued to post exclusively on his Truth Social platform. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.