The White House has confirmed that none of the unidentified objects shot down in US airspace were aliens. ‘There is no indication of aliens or extra-terrestrial activity with these recent takedowns,’ White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said. ‘It was important for us to say that from here because we’ve been hearing a lot about it.’ ‘I loved ET – the movie – but I’m just going to leave it there,’ Jean-Pierre joked. Over the weekend, three more unidentified flying objects were detected in American and Canadian airspace over Alaska, the Yukon, and Lake Huron. Retired Admiral John Kirby, who now serves as press secretary for the National Security Council, said that there were no ‘active tracks’ of unidentified objects today. The objects appear to be unrelated to the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down off the coast of South Carolina on February 4. The Biden administration said it was unclear if the UFOs detected this weekend even belonged to China, but they would not rule out the possibility until debris was recovered. Admiral Kirby said the objects were shot down because they posed a risk to civilian aircraft, which fly at about 30,000 feet from the ground. The UFOs were all detected flying between 20,000 and 40,000 feet. ‘These were decisions based purely and simply on what was in the best interests of the American people,’ Kirby said. The admiral confirmed that the US was attempting to recover the UFOs, but that effort could take longer than it did with the spy balloon in South Carolina. ‘All three have fallen into some pretty remote, difficult areas to reach,’ he said. Kirby also denied accusations levied by China that they had detected 10 American balloons flying in Chinese airspace without permission. ‘We are not flying surveillance balloons over China,’ the admiral said. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.