Shaughna Phillips is dealing with a stressful situation in the final days of her pregnancy after having her car stolen. The former Love Island star is expecting her first child with ex-boyfriend Billy Webb and is believed to be due to give birth any day now. On Sunday morning, Shaughna, 28, pleaded for help in tracking down her car after thieves stole it from her mother’s driveway that morning. She wrote in her Instagram stories: ‘My car has been stolen from outside my mums house early this morning in Eltham SE9. ‘Grey Range Rover Velar KM19 JVE. If anyone sees it please let me know.’ It’s a blow for Shaughna who is gearing up to meet her little one with the end of her pregnancy fast approaching. The reality star announced she was pregnant with her first child in October. However, she has since split from boyfriend Webb, 29, following his arrest on drug charges in January. Shaughna is due to give birth in March and recently said she is simply focused on her baby’s wellbeing following the drama. ‘After a challenging few weeks, obviously, the baby’s father isn’t around. But my main focus has always been just to prepare for the birth and try to be as calm as possible,’ she told OK! The mum-to-be continued: ‘I’m good at just saying, “Right, the show must go on”. ‘Billy’s not around, but I don’t want to say that I’m doing it on my own, because I’m absolutely not – my family’s incredible. ‘It’s going to be different, but I don’t want to say it’s going to be bad.’ The Metropolitan Police previously confirmed to Metro.co.uk that Webb was charged with possession with intent to supply a Class A drug. They stated: ‘Webb was remanded at court to appear at Southwark Crown Court on an unspecified date.’ A rep for Shaughna added that the reality star was unaware of the offences and is focusing on preparing to welcome her baby. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Shaughna Phillips enjoys day out as Love Island star’s seen for first time since boyfriend’s drugs arrest MORE : Pregnant Love Island star Shaughna Phillips speaks out about boyfriend’s arrest for first time: ‘The baby’s father is not around’ 