James Bond has become the latest book series to face a rewrite with publishers reportedly set to remove offensive language from the iconic novels. Ian Fleming penned the first James Bond instalment, Casino Royale, in 1953 before the series went on to become a blockbuster movie franchise with actors including Sir Sean Connery, Pierce Brosnan and Daniel Craig taking on the legendary role of 007. However, some of the content in Fleming’s books haven’t aged well with some using the N-word, featuring other racial connotations and offensive references to homosexuality. This comes after it was confirmed last week that some of Roald Dahl’s work will be revised to suit modern times, with Oompa Loompas set to become gender-neutral. It is now claimed that the Bond books will be republished this spring with a disclaimer that reads: ‘This book was written at a time when terms and attitudes which might be considered offensive by modern readers were commonplace. ‘A number of updates have been made in this edition, while keeping as close as possible to the original text and the period in which it is set.’ According to The Telegraph, references to Black people will now be replaced with ‘Black person’ or ‘Black man’ instead of the other derogatory terms used to describe them. In Live and Let Die, published in 1954, Fleming writes that Bond considers Africans in the gold and diamond trades as ‘pretty law-abiding chaps I should have thought, except when they’ve drunk too much’. However, this has now reportedly been changed to ‘pretty law-abiding chaps I should have thought’. It’s also said that a scene in the book describing a strip tease at a Harlem nightclub, no longer reads: ‘Bond could hear the audience panting and grunting like pigs at the trough. He felt his own hands gripping the tablecloth. His mouth was dry.’ This is now: ‘Bond could sense the electric tension in the room.’ References to characters’ ethnicities have reportedly been removed entirely from Quantum of Solace (1960), Goldfinger (1959) and Thunderball (1961). However, references to other ethnicities and the phrases ‘sweet tang of rape’ and the description of homosexuality as a ‘stubborn disability’ are expected to remain. In response to the reports, a spokesperson at Ian Fleming Publications told The Telegraph: ‘We at Ian Fleming Publications reviewed the text of the original Bond books and decided our best course of action was to follow Ian’s lead. We have made changes to Live and Let Die that he himself authorised. ‘Following Ian’s approach, we looked at the instances of several racial terms across the books and removed a number of individual words or else swapped them for terms that are more accepted today but in keeping with the period in which the books were written. ‘We encourage people to read the books for themselves when the new paperbacks are published in April.’ It comes after the furore surrounding the reworking of Dahl’s classic books, which will remove any content deemed to be offensive in exchange for more inclusive terms. However, critics including acclaimed author Sir Salman Rushdie and Prime Minister Rishi Sunak later condemned the changes. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Ian Fleming Publications for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Angela Bassett reveals what she thought of being namedropped by Ariana DeBose in viral Baftas moment MORE : James Bond producer Barbara Broccoli gives update on casting for new 007 