Lance Stroll will miss Formula One pre-season testing this week after the Aston Martin driver was injured in a bicycle accident. Testing is set to take place from Thursday to Saturday in Bahrain ahead of the first race of 2023 at Sakhir. The three days are the only official testing time teams will get ahead of the start of the season and offers crucial driving time for the grid’s racers. But Stroll will not be taking part at all, with Aston Martin announcing on Monday that the Canadian has been ‘injured in a minor training accident.’ ‘Whilst pre-season training on a bicycle in Spain, Lance Stroll was involved in a minor accident and sustained injuries which will result in him sitting out the pre-season test in Bahrain,’ a statement read. ‘Lance is however expecting a quick recovery and return to driving duties. His fitness to return to the cockpit will be assessed daily and the team will issue an update ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix. ‘The team wishes Lance a speedy recovery and looks forward to his usual energy and commitment within the team.’ Details on the injury are not yet known but Stroll himself has added: ‘I’ve had an unfortunate accident whilst training on my bike in preparation for the season. ‘I am determined to get back in the car and I am excited about the season ahead with the team. I am motivated to bounce back from this setback as quickly as possible.’ It is not confirmed how this news this will alter their testing plans, as drivers get an even split of testing time so Stroll’s new teammate Fernando Alonso may well complete the full test on his own. Alternatively, Aston Martin could call upon one of their reserve drivers: ex-McLaren racer Stoffel Vandoorne and last year’s Formula 2 champion Felipe Drugovich. Stroll made his F1 debut in 2017 with Williams before moving to Aston Martin in 2019 when they were known as Racing Point – just some six months after his father Lawrence Stroll bought the team. In 123 races, the 24-year-old has achieved three podiums and one pole position, but has received much criticism after being involved in several big incidents and due to the supposed nepotism surrounding how he has been able to keep his seat. MORE : When does the F1 2023 season start? Dates, calendar, TV and drivers MORE : Alpine unveil final 2023 F1 car ahead of pre-season testing For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 