A recent episode of The Simpsons mentioning ‘forced labour camps’ in China has been pulled from Disney Plus in Hong Kong. The episode, titled One Angry Lisa, was released in October last year and formed part of the long-running series’ 34th season. It follows Marge as she discovers a passion for bike riding, which eventually leads her to tackle the sport on the Great Wall. However, a throwaway line has lead the streaming service to pull the entire episode from audiences in Hong Kong, it’s been reported. In the episode, Marge’s riding instructor tells his class to ‘behold the wonders of China’. He adds: ‘Bitcoin mines, forced labour camps where children make smartphones,’ Fox News reported. While the Chinese government has always denied the allegations, it has been the focus of claims that it is carrying out human rights abuses and forced labour against the Uyghur people at mass detention centres in the Xinjiang province. This is not the first time Disney Plus has not made episodes of the show available in Hong Kong. When launching the streaming service in Hong Kong in 2021, an episode where the family visit Tiananmen Square was not uploaded. The 12th episode of the 16th season, Goo Goo Gai Pan, satirised the 1989 massacre that took part in Beijing. In 2021, it removed an episode of The Simpsons that satirised the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre, which began with a student demonstration and ended in hundreds of deaths. The episode showed the Simpson’s seeing a sign at the site which read: ‘On this site, in 1989, nothing happened.’ Homer Simpson also called Mao Zedong, the former Chinese Communist Party leader, a ‘little angel’ who killed millions. It was immediately banned in China. While the former British colony of Hong Kong had special freedoms under the ‘one country, two systems’ agreement after it was handed back to China in 1997, it has increasingly found itself under increasing Chinese influence and control. In 2021, China enacted a national security law in Hong Kong, which made it easier for pro-democracy protesters to be prosecuted. Disney declined to comment when contacted by Metro.co.uk. Fox has also been contacted for comment. The Simpsons is airing on Disney Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Renner makes promise to fans for ‘as soon as I’m back on my feet’ as he teases new Disney Plus show MORE : Russell T Davies insists Doctor Who is ‘still same show’ following surprise Disney deal: ‘I know people are worried’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 