The UK government has announced plans for an independent football regulator which would block English clubs from breaking away to form a European Super League. The Premier League ‘big six’ – Manchester United, Liverpool, Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester City and Tottenham – tried to abandon English football in 2021 which led to widespread condemnation and fan protests as they eventually backed down over plans for a closed-shop competition with owners forced to apologise. It led to a fan-led review into English football to prevent the events reoccurring, to ensure that owners run clubs appropriately and to resolve issues around how money flows down to the lower leagues and grassroots – among other issues – such as avoiding repeats of recent financial failings seen at clubs like Bury FC. The aim of the independent football regulator is to protect English football’s cultural heritage and the government will now push forward and publish its White Paper – which outlines the legislation – on the sport’s governance on Thursday. Under new plans, English teams will be unable to join breakaway leagues, a stricter owners’ and directors’ test will be rolled out, supporters will be given powers to prevent owners changing a club’s name, crest and colours and there will be a fairer distribution of money flowing down the English football pyramid. ‘The English game remains one of the UK’s greatest cultural exports, with clubs and leagues around the world modelling themselves on its success,’ the government said. ‘That is why the government is today taking the necessary and targeted steps to ensure that continues for generations. ‘The regulator will have the power to prevent English clubs from joining new competitions that do not meet a predetermined criteria, in consultation with the FA and fans. ‘That criteria could include measures to stop clubs participating in closed-shop breakaway competitions which harm the domestic game, such as the European Super League.’ Prime Minister Rishi Sunak added: ‘Since its inception over 165 years ago, English football has been bringing people together, providing a source of pride for communities and inspiration to millions of fans across the country. ‘Yet despite the success of the sport both at home and abroad, we know that there are real challenges which threaten the stability of clubs both big and small. ‘The new plans will protect the rich heritage and traditions of our much-loved clubs and safeguard the beautiful game for future generations.’ The English Football League said in a statement: ‘The EFL has been clear that the English game needs a fundamental financial reset in order make the game sustainable. ‘The white paper represents a once-in-a-generation opportunity that must be seized to address the systemic issues that football has been unable to sort itself over the last 30 years.’ Maheta Molango, chief executive of the Professional Footballers’ Association, added: ‘The white paper rightly focus on ensuring our game moves forward with well-run clubs operating on a more sustainable financial footing. ‘We will work to ensure that the important mechanisms and structures that exist to protect players rights and conditions are properly understood and maintained as part of any future financial reforms in the game.’ MORE : What happens to 'over-achieving' clubs like Lille with a European Super League? MORE : The demise of the detested European Super League showed that fan power can bring about change in our game 