Shaun Murphy has clarified his comments about ‘lazy journalism’ at the Players Championship on Tuesday, making it clear he wasn’t aiming them at presenter Jill Douglas, but just making a general point on snooker punditry. The Magician has just beaten Mark Selby in the first round in Wolverhampton, continuing his impressive recent form as he booked a spot in the quarter-finals. However, he had missed a couple of reasonably straightforward shots during the match, which were touted as probable lapses of concentration by the commentary team. Douglas suggested the same to Murphy after the game and he made it clear he didn’t think misses are down to concentration but actually due to technical issues, and believes suggesting top players lack concentration is lazy punditry. ‘I think lapses of concentration, accusing players of that is one of the laziest pieces of journalism in the world,’ said Murphy. ‘For people out there in snooker land to think that at the most important part of a frame or match, my concentration wanders, is ridiculous. ‘There’s interesting technical reasons why you miss those balls. ‘It’s complete rubbish. It’s one of those things that gets my goat. You don’t lose your concentration. There are always reasons why. You might be thinking about the cannon, but you are focused. ‘It’s the most important game of the season, it’s so important. To accuse players of wandering off is ridiculous. ‘There is always a technical explanation as to why you missed a shot, it’s not something we go into much in snooker. It’s too easy to say “he just lost his concentration”. It’s very rarely true. Often we’re accused of just wandering off, I’ve had enough of it, to be honest with you.’ Murphy is sticking to his point, but wanted to make clear afterwards that he was not having a pop at Jill Douglas, or anyone in particular, he just felt it was a criticism that is often levelled at players and he does not believe it is accurate. ‘I just wanted to clear a couple of things up because I’ve seen a couple of comments on Twitter regards my rant in the studio about lazy journalism,’ he said in an Instagram Story. ‘I was in no way accusing the presenter on ITV4 Jill Douglas of being a lazy presenter, that’s not at all what I was trying to say. I have the utmost respect for her and her colleagues. ‘I just think all too often to say that a player may have lost their concentration, there’s a lot more to it than that, and I wanted to get that point across. ‘I was mortified to see a couple of comments over on Twitter, saying it was unnecessary and a bit rude, so apologies if that was the way it came across, I certainly didn’t mean that. I have a great respect and affection for Jill and all the broadcasters in snooker.’ Murphy is back in action in the quarter-finals of the Players Championship on Thursday afternoon against Ryan Day. MORE : Ali Carter comes through Judd Trump torture and plots Rob Milkins revenge at Players Championship MORE : Joe O’Connor earns Mark Allen and Stephen Hendry praise after ousting Pistol from Players Championship For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 