Audrina Patridge has announced the sad news that her teenage niece Sadie has died. The Hills star shared the news on Tuesday and dedicated a touching tribute to Sadie, who recently turned 15 and was her sister Casey’s child, calling her death ‘the hardest goodbye’. The former reality star penned: ‘My heart hurts to even write this. My beautiful niece is now in heaven. ‘I know Its not goodbye forever, but it is the hardest to say goodbye for now.’ She added: ‘We will miss you and cherish every single moment we had with you. Rest in peace Say Say!! We love you forever & ever!’ Hours earlier, Sadie’s mum Casey confirmed that her daughter had died, writing: ‘Sadie Raine Loza has left this Earth for the heavens. ‘Writing this was the hardest thing I ever have had to do, not knowing the right words I’ll leave you with this, Sadie liked to remind me that the first law of thermodynamics aka (Law of Conservation of Energy) works in all spheres of life…..”Energy cannot be created or destroyed, it can only be changed from one form to another”. ‘ Casey added: ‘Transformation is a better word than death. Her story will save countless lives, her memory will never be forgotten. Rest In Peace you brilliant starseed. You’re with your creator. We will miss you dearly. I love you.’ Just a week prior, Casey had shared a video of Sadie blowing out candles on a birthday cake which she captioned in part: ‘i cant believe youre 15. it feels like the years flew by and we still have so many more adventures to go on!’ According to The Sun, Sadie is one of two children Casey and her husband Kyle share. They are also parents to 12-year-old Sam. Sadie’s cause of death is not yet known. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Audrina’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Queen Elizabeth I’s real cause of death finally determined after ‘red herring’ threw off pathologists MORE : Emmerdale spoilers: Noah pays blackmailing Samson to get away from Amelia and baby  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 