A young woman killed a man and seriously injured his fiancée after she overtook another car and crashed head on into their motorbike. David Lewis, 49, the driver of the motorbike, flashed his lights three or four times to warn Chloe Ferry, 21, to stop, Hull Crown Court heard. He died at the scene on September 19, 2021, 10 days before his wedding, while his fiancée spent four-and-a-half months in hospital. Robert Stevenson, prosecuting, said ‘a collision had become inevitable’ after Ferry tried to swerve on the A614 road near to the M62. The fiancée, Susan Lewis, 49, suffered two fractured vertebrae, a fractured pelvis, damage to her spleen and damage to her leg. She needs a mobility scooter but managed to return to an office-based job two days a week. The couple had known one another 20 years and Mr Lewis’ children and grandchildren suffered ‘extreme sadness’ because of his death. While Ferry was injured in the crash, there were no vehicle defects and nothing like a mobile phone used at the wheel. Ferry had no previous convictions and held a driving licence since November 2019 and is described as an ‘intelligent’ young woman. Charlotte Baines, mitigating, said: ‘She carries the burden of what she did very heavily every single day. ‘She feels guilty on a daily basis about the devastating consequences of her actions.’ Ferry said in a letter: ‘I really don’t know where to start. There are no words that can say how sorry I am or that can take the pain away from the families. ‘I am wholeheartedly sorry. I will never be able to escape what happened that day and I can never take back my actions. I am so sorry for the pain that I have caused you.’ She has suffered with post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and anxiety since the collision. ‘The defendant is traumatised by the consequences of her actions and the impact that it has had on Susan Lewis and the family of both victims,’ said Miss Baines. ‘There is nobody punishing herself more than Chloe Ferry for the error of judgement on the day in question. She hasn’t driven since the collision. She has no intention of driving again. She struggles every day to be a passenger in a car. That is likely to persist for some time in the future. ‘No sentence passed upon her will assuage the loss that has been suffered by the family and friends affected by the death of Mr Lewis.’ Ferry, of Tyburn Close, Grange Park, Swindon, was jailed for two years and four months. She was banned from driving for four years and two months. The court heard the prison sentence would have been three-and-a-half years after a trial but was reduced by a third because of her guilty pleas, lack of convictions and other factors. She sobbed and wiped her eyes as she left the dock to go down to the cells. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.