A woman has gone viral on social media claiming to be Madeleine McCann. Madeleine – the world’s most-talked about missing child – vanished from an apartment in Praia da Luz, Portugal in May 2007. Met Police has spent over £13 million on Operation George in a desperate bid to find her, alongside international searches. It was announced last year that the inquiry would be “winding down” unless new lines of investigation appeared. Now a woman, believed to be from Poland, is claiming to be the missing toddler. In a video shared to social media, the woman, 21, says she isn’t sure of her real identity or age. She claims to have a freckle on her legs and a speck in her eye in the same places as Madeleine. The woman also claims she tried to get a copy of her birth certificate from authorities but was only given information over the phone. The video has now been viewed over 1.3 million times. On her social media account – which has 75,000 followers – the description reads: ‘Help me, I need to talk with Kate and Gerry McCann. ‘I think I can be Madeleine. I need DNA test. ‘Police investigators from UK and Poland try to ignore me. ‘I will tell my story in posts here. Help me.’ Social media users, especially those on Tiktok, are now calling for the police to investigate, while others question the truth behind the woman’s statement. One person wrote: ‘Why are the police ignoring you?’ Another person said: ‘This Polish girl thinks she’s Madeleine McCann. Why aren’t the police listening to her!?’ The viral videos come as detectives urge ‘internet sleuths’ to stop interfering in the case of Nicola Bulley. It has now been three weeks since the mum-of-two went missing after dropping off her daughters, aged six and nine, at school on January 27 in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. Residents in the village have hired private security after being left ‘terrified’ by amateur sleuths peering through their windows and trying the doors. Speaking to Sky News, Wyre Council leader Michael Vincent said interest in the case has been ‘quite unprecedented’, adding: ‘Everybody seems to have a theory on social media, everybody seems to want to know all of the information.’ The disappearance has prompted scores of individuals to head into the village to join in with searches, but Mr Vincent described how ‘some of the darker elements of the public’s interest’ has seen wannabe detectives taking the law into their own hands. He said: ‘People have reported being sat in their living rooms in an afternoon watching television and people coming up to the windows, peering in, trying the doors, it’s been terrifying for them. ‘These are typically older people extremely scared in their own homes. ‘The residents have had to employ an external security company, that’s just not acceptable.’ He added:‘People have typically stayed strong, they’ve been pretty resilient in these difficult times, but they have found it very upsetting and distressing.’ One Tiktoker was fined for posting videos from the search scene on social media. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.