UFOs shot down over US airspace were sent from China to ‘test’ the superpower, an expert has warned. Four ‘spy balloons’ have been shot down in North America over the last 10 days. The first object – thought to have come from China – was spotted over the US and travelled across a number of states before it was downed by the US Air Force in South Carolina on February 4. Similar crafts were then spotted over Alaska, Lake Huron and Yukon in Canada. These balloons were also blasted by US F-22 fighter jets. Will Geddes, a security analyst, said the unsubtle nature of gathering the information shows China is willing to intimidate the US in an effort to ‘poke the bear’ – and see how the world’s leading superpower responds. Mr Geddes said: ‘China is a world leader in technology, particularly in aerial reconnaissance. They have access to a heck of a lot of technology. ‘The question is, what are they attempting to achieve? It’s a means to doing this without satellite technology being utilised, there are thousands of satellites up in the skies, most of which are being mapped and tracked. ‘So I think it’s a posturing exercise from the Chinese state more than anything else. ‘They’ve been posturing in Taiwan, with a lot of high-level military exercises off the coast there, to show they’ve got force and they’ve got power, and to show their willingness to try and intimidate other parties.’ He also added the balloons could have sent video images back to the intelligence services in Beijing. ‘They will absolutely be gathering information, but finding out exactly what is in there will come after they’ve inspected the wreckage,’ Mr Geddes explained. ‘It’s likely a lot of the imagery, video, whatever it’s capturing, will be transmitted back on a live stream. ‘It would contain information that has been barred by Google Earth, such as operational military bases and facilities.’ Despite the alarming situation, Mr Geddes does not think the situation will escalate any further. ‘I don’t think it will necessary escalate into something else, like Taiwan, it’s them saying we’re a powerful nation and we can do what we want, we can poke the bear as and when we want. ‘Let’s see what the bear does? Does the bear go back to sleep? Does it growl? What does it do?’ Mr Geddes said he believes National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) would have announced the objects were extra-terrestrial had aliens been involved. He said: ‘NASA slipped into the news fairly quietly a couple of years ago that they were accepting there were unidentified flying objects which were not terrestrial. ‘If they were UFOs, if they were aliens, I don’t think NASA would hold back on that. ‘Obviously, all the conspiracy theorists are loving it. But they’re pretty unsophisticated if they were UFOs.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.