Two Ukrainians, who both have younger relatives fighting in the war, have fallen in love after meeting at a refuge centre. Volodymyr, 70, and Olga, 67, have shared their story to mark the year anniversary of the conflict. They made separate 500-kilometre journeys from their home city of Kharkiv, northern Ukraine, before meeting at Depaul Day Centre in Kyb around 11 months ago. Since then, Volodymr and Olga have supported each other through the past year of trauma. Speaking with the PA news agency at the centre, they said cigarettes, humour, and their companionship has helped them survive. Olga has had to contend with worries about her daughter, who is abroad with ‘no support’, and her son-in-law, who is fighting on the front line in Bakhmut – as is Volodymyr’s son. When asked how she copes, Olga said: ‘I’m a big joker’, while producing a pack of cigarettes, adding: ‘I don’t drink alcohol so I just smoke a bit and it helps me to feel a bit better. ‘What do we have without humour? Without humour there is literally nothing left… ‘Sometimes I am sad and I cry when no-one is looking because I’m trying not to show it because your kids are looking up to you.’ The 67-year-old joked: ‘I also have Volodymyr who is looking up to me as well, and I don’t want him to think that I am a cry-baby.’ Meanwhile Volodymyr said he is ‘really thankful’ for the support given to Ukraine by Britain, and that his love for Olga has helped him through the ordeal. Olga added that the Kyiv refuge centre has given them ‘really good and high quality’ food packages, and even sourced some glasses for her. Elsewhere, moments joy amid the heartbreak of war are being celebrated by families. Miia Mitskevych was born amid the first few hours of Russia’s invasion, as missiles rained down on Ukraine. As she opened her eyes in a maternity hospital, some analysts were envisaging the Kremlin’s tanks rolling into Kyiv within days. Miia spent the first night of her life in a bomb shelter under the hospital where staff continued working around the clock as missiles struck the city. A year to the day, her parents Svitlana, 38, and Igor, 47, will mark their daughter’s birthday with a cake and a wish for ‘peaceful skies’. As dawn broke on a day of commemorations and defiance, President Volodymyr Zelensky tweeted that Ukrainians had proven themselves to be ‘invincible’ in what he called ‘a year of pain, sorrow, faith and unity’. ‘We know that 2023 will be the year of our victory!’ he wrote. In a defiant video address, Mr Zelensky also recalled the terror unleashed a year ago by the Russian assault, triggering Europe’s biggest and deadliest war since the Second World War. He said February 24, 2022, the date of the Russian invasion, was ‘the longest day of our lives.’ Zelensky said: ‘We survived the first day of the full-scale war. We didn’t know what tomorrow would bring, but we clearly understood that for each tomorrow, you need to fight. And we fought,’ he said. Ukrainians planned memorials, candle vigils and other remembrances for their tens of thousands of dead – a toll growing all the time as fighting rages on. There were concerns that Russia might unleash another barrage of missiles against Ukraine to mark a year since Putin’s invasion. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.