Chris Hughes has suffered a health scare and been rushed to hospital after his self-confessed boozy ‘antics’ on Saturday left him with alcoholic hepatitis. The TV personality, who rose to fame on the third series of Love Island in 2017, took to Instagram to update his fans over his condition. The 30-year-old heaped praise on the NHS as he said he had ‘learned his lesson’ after he was given his diagnosis and realised what had happened. Alcohol hepatitis – which is unrelated to infectious hepatitis – is a serious and potentially life-threatening condition that can be caused by alcohol misuse over a significant period of time, or, less commonly, if you binge a lot of alcohol in a shorter session. Chris was also chronically dehydrated and said the intense bursts of exercise he’d done in the couple of days after his night out made the situation worse and that he had been ‘torturing his body’ through his determination to sweat the alcohol out. Sharing a picture in a hospital gown and beanie hat and hooked up to an IV drip, Chris wrote: ‘So basically, all my antics on Saturday have caused this. When I was posting away about running that 4k, I was not truly hungover Sunday and Monday, but I was ‘chronically dehydrated and have alcohol hepatitis’… (not cool, not at all) where essentially my liver is damaged and couldn’t consume the alcohol assumptions [sic] and the bloods have also showed that.’ Revealing his gratitude to the medics that had treated him, he continued in a second story: ‘Our NHS are insanely good, as we know. They’ve been thorough and over the top friendly which to me is the perfect combo. ‘I haven’t managed to consume water that’s why I’m on  this drip, a sip of water makes me feel sick.’ The horse racing presenter, who also works with broadcasters BBC, ITV and Sky Sports on cricket and golf events too, admitted: ‘I am ruined. I’ve learned my lesson. ‘My issue though, quite clear. Went for that run Sunday and I went to a class Monday and did a 45 minute circuit, burnt 550 calories then went to sauna to sweat again for 45 minutes. Thinking I’m getting the alcohol out but in fact I was just torturing my body [sic].’ The TV star split with pro golfer girlfriend Annabel Dimmock in 2022 after almost a year of dating. Prior to that, he dated ex-Little Mix singer Jesy Nelson for 16 months before they parted ways in April 2020, and had a short-lived romance with fellow Islander Olivia Attwood after leaving the villa as a couple. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bonnie Tyler and Pauline Quirke stylish in black as they collect MBEs from Prince of Wales at Windsor Castle MORE : Gillian McKeith ‘saves lives’ thanks to her TikToks ‘about poo’ 