Serial rapist policeman David Carrick ‘relied on his charm to beguile and mislead his victims’ before subjecting them to ‘brutal’ sex attacks. Carrick, 48, also ‘humiliated his victims in a number of ways’, prosecutor Tom Little KC told Southwark Crown Court as he opened the disgraced cop’s two-day sentencing hearing. He outlined appalling accounts from women, including one who was locked in a small cupboard and whistled at like a dog and another who had a gun held to her head while she was raped. The former officer even told one women he was ‘the safest person that she could be with’ before assaulting her. Mr Little told the packed courtroom: ‘If the offending had to be accurately and fairly summarised, it was systematic, it was catalogue of violent and brutal sexual offences perpetrated on multiple victims, whether he was in a controlling or coercive relationship with them or not, or even if it was just a single occasion. ‘The reality was that it did not matter who the victim was… the reality was, if he had the opportunity, he would rape them, sexually abuse or assault them and humiliate them. ‘Some of his victims were either appreciably older or younger than him – they were all, in their own ways, vulnerable.’ Carrick’s offending increased in frequency, with ‘an increasing level of humiliation being inflicted’. Two of the women were kept in a small cupboard under the stairs at Carrick’s home – one 10 times – while some were urinated on or attacked with a belt, the court was told. Speaking of one of the victims, Mr Little said: ‘If (the victim) upset the defendant, she would be punished, sometimes by acts of violence and on other occasions she was shut in a small cupboard under the stairs. ‘This occurred on a significant number of occasions. On one occasion she asked to get out as she was having a panic attack. He would not let her out. ‘They did not communicate whilst she was sat in the cupboard – he would stand outside and whistle at her as if she was a dog.’ Carrick relied on his ‘charm’ to ‘beguile and mislead’ his victims and would use his ‘power and control’ to stop them leaving or reporting him He committed his crimes while serving as a Met Police officer and routinely carried a gun from 2009, providing armed protection at sites including embassies and the Houses of Parliament. Carrick sent a photograph of himself with a work-issue firearm to another of his victims, saying ‘remember I am the boss’, the court heard. Mr Little went on: ‘He told her that she belonged to him and the she must obey him. ‘He threatened her with his police baton and sent her a photograph of his work-issue firearm saying “remember I am the boss”. ‘He told her that she should obey him and that, if she did, he would give her an amazing life.’ Another had a black handgun held to her head as Carrick told her ‘you are not going’ while raping her. He warned one of his other victims he would be the ‘last thing she saw’ while gripping her throat during an attack. The woman, who was left with bite marks, bruising and clumps of hair missing, told an A&E nurse she had been raped by a police officer, the court heard. But she was told she needed to be ‘ready’ if she was going to complain and ‘she might be better to try to put it behind her and move on’. Carrick, who served in the Army before joining the Met, previously pleaded guilty to 49 charges relating to a dozen women. Some are multiple-incident counts, meaning they relate to at least 85 separate offences, including at least 71 sexual offences and 48 rapes. His ‘truly sickening’ crimes forced the Metropolitan Police to apologise and admit Carrick – nicknamed ‘Bastard Dave’ – should have been rooted out earlier after it emerged he came to police attention over nine incidents – including allegations of rape, domestic violence and harassment – between 2000 and 2021, with all but one of the incidents relating to his behaviour towards women. Carrick faced no criminal sanctions or misconduct findings and police chiefs across England and Wales have since been asked to have all officers checked against national police databases by the end of March. The case prompted Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to promise police reforms after it emerged the force was informed of nine incidents – including allegations of rape, domestic violence and harassment – between 2000 and 2021. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.