The Duke of York faces being ‘effectively evicted’ from his £30 million Windsor mansion within months as the King slashes his grant, reports suggest. Charles is said to be cutting the estimated £249,000 payout Prince Andrew used to receive from the Queen’s private fortune every year in his effort to create a ‘slimmed-down’ monarchy. The ‘substantial cut’ to the duke’s income will see him with his Navy pension to survive on after his business endeavours were called off, it’s claimed. This would mean he will no longer be able to afford the upkeep and running costs of the 30-room Royal Lodge and he is predicted to be ‘out by September’. Andrew – who signed a 75-year lease in 2003 – was reportedly put on edge when a senior royal joked at a Christmas gathering ‘We will kick Andrew out of the house’. This month, he was officially warned that his cut of the £652.8 million Privy Purse fund ‘would change in April’. A source told The Sun: ‘It feels as though his brother wishes to evict him.’ The insider apparently added that his ex-wife, Sarah, Duchess of York, was ‘distraught’ alongside Andrew, as she has been living with him at the Royal Lodge. ‘The Queen died only a few months ago’, they said. ‘He’s not being explicitly kicked out but it’s expected that he won’t be able to afford the maintenance. ‘Royal Lodge has a swimming pool, 98 acres of land and is already in need of some repair.’ It’s understood Charles won’t leave his brother homeless or broke and simply wants family members to ‘use their own money to pay for things’. A similar rule is to be applied to other members of the family, like Andrew’s daughters Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie. Charles has told non-working royals to ‘tighten their belts’ and won’t fork out for costs like Lady Louise’s ponies that she uses to pull the sporting carriage she inherited from the late Prince Philip. For years now, it has been reported that the King favours a slimmed-down operation as he ‘knows the public doesn’t want to see money wasted’ – particularly amid the cost of living crisis. In January, reports claimed the Duke of York had been banned from using his suite of rooms at Buckingham Palace and would never return. He is said to have brought model girlfriends back to the digs and slept with a teddy bear collection when there – ‘which had to be arranged in a certain way on his bed’. The shamed royal was stripped of his royal titles and patronages by the Queen last year after sexual abuse allegations from Virginia Giuffre. Andrew was accused of sexually abusing the American woman three times when she was just 17, and while she was the victim of a trafficking ring orchestrated by billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. He strongly denied all allegations. Metro has contacted Buckingham Palace and Prince Andrew for comment. Buckingham Palace refused to comment when approached by The Sun. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.