Central Turkey has been hit by another major earthquake with a magnitude of 5.5, according to the European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre. The quake hit the Anatolian Turkish province of Nigde, the earthquake monitoring centre said, just over two weeks after devastating earthquakes in the region killed more than 50,000 people in Turkey and Syria. The quake was at a depth of 10 km (6.21 miles), EMSC said. Saturday’s earthquake had a depth of 10 km (6.21 miles), the EMSC said, and hit the Bor district in the Niğde province- just 200 miles away from the initial 7.8 quake on February 6. The disaster comes at a time when both Turkey and Syria had started work to reconstruct homes for the millions of people displaced by the quakes. No casualties have been reported so far. Vice President Fuat Oktay said response teams are currently on the ground to assess any damage. ‘There is no negative situation at the moment. May God protect our country and our nation from all kinds of disasters,’ he said on Twitter. On Monday, the region was once again struck by a 6.4 magnitude earthquake which hit parts of Turkey and Syria already laid to waste by the massive tremors which occurred two weeks prior. Officials confirmed that three people died in Monday’s tremor after more buildings collapsed, trapping occupants, and several people were injured in both countries. Nearly 240,000 rescue workers, including volunteers, continue to work in the 11 quake-hit provinces in Turkey. Some of the areas affected by the quakes were reported to be difficult to access at first, but recovery efforts continue and casualty numbers are rising alongside them. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.