Alfa Romeo hope that their ‘sexy’ 2023 Formula One car – the C43 – is as quick as it looks. The Switzerland based team finished an impressive sixth in the standings in 2022, achieving a best result of fifth in Imola, but results on the whole dipped as the season progressed. Former Mercedes star Valtteri Bottas secured a top 10 finish in the drivers’ championship, while Zhou Guanyu performed admirably in his rookie campaign finishing 16th. And while they have lost team principal Fred Vasseur to Ferrari, they are hopeful that they can improve going into the new season. As technical director Jan Monchaux points out, if the C43 goes as fast as it looks they’ll achieve that easily, with Alfa Romeo unveiling a striking new black and red livery, replacing the white and red that they have used since 2018. ‘It’s my baby, so I won’t say it’s ugly!’ Monchaux joked at the car launch in Zurich on Tuesday. ‘The car looks mean not only from the data but also the livery which gives it an additional level of being mean. I find the car pretty sexy but then again will it be quick enough? ‘We will see at the start of the season. Our hopes are high.’ Bottas, who won 10 races with Mercedes from 2017 to 2021, jokingly added: ‘Basically, if the car is quick – I designed it! But if it’s not quick I had nothing to do with it!’ This is expected to be Alfa Romeo’s last year in F1, as their title sponsorship with Sauber expires at the end of the season. It has already been announced that Sauber will enter a partnership with Audi in 2026 when the new engine regulations come into play. Alfa Romeo are the fourth team to reveal their 2023 car after Haas, Red Bull and Williams, the latter unveiling the stunning FW45 yesterday. Next up, AlphaTauri will launch their car on Saturday, with the 2023 season set to get underway on March 5th in Bahrain. MORE : F1 drivers concerned about ‘confusing’ political gag, says Alex Albon MORE : ‘We’re the hunted now’ – Red Bull launch 2023 F1 car as Max Verstappen aims to win third straight title For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 