South Park has taken aim at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in a brutal new episode called The Worldwide Privacy Tour. The programme takes a swipe at the former working royals as characters resembling Harry and Meghan try to settle down in a new town. ‘The prince of Canada and his wife try to find privacy and seclusion in a small mountain town,’ the episode description reads. In a preview for the episode, Kyle says: ‘It seriously is driving me crazy. I’m sick of hearing about them but I can’t get away from them!’ ‘They’re everywhere. In my f****ing face,’ he adds. ‘Look, Kyle, we just kind of don’t care about some dumb prince and his stupid wife,’ Stan replies. Viewers are in hysterics over the clip, with one writing: ‘This is one of the funniest things I’ve seen in a while’. ‘Even South Park’s had enough of Harry and Meghan,’ another joked. Someone else wrote: ‘This is based on actual conversations I have had with my husband. I feel you Kyle!’ In the episode, the prince and his wife move opposite Kyle, who complains about their private jet, their loud ‘privacy party’ and even the prince playing polo. ‘They keep on wanting me to buy their book,’ he adds. The episode, which airs in the UK at 10pm on Thursday, takes several other swipes at Harry and Meghan. In one scene, it has been reported that a royal family member farts on the Princess’ face when they attend the funeral of the Queen of Canada, welcomed by a booing family. They also appear on Good Morning Canada holding placards that read: ‘Stop looking at us!’ and ‘We want our privacy!!’ The interviewer accuses them of being ‘journalists’ themselves, after reporting on the lives of the royal family in a book closely resembling Harry’s memoir Spare, but is titled: ‘Waaagh.’ ‘We just want to be normal people, this attention is so hard,’ the princess comments. When embarking on a royal tour, they hold these placards in the middle of popular areas around the world, including in Paris, where other characters are getting on with their day and don’t seem to be giving them much attention. They chant ‘We want privacy’ all around the world, including to kangaroos in Australia. Eventually, the Canadian royals arrive in South Park, where they decorate their house across the road from Kyle’s with huge banners and lights reading: ‘Leave Us Alone,’ and ‘Respect Our Privacy’. Hung above their garage are even four faces of what could be other members of the royal family, warning them to ‘Go Away’. South Park airs tonight, Thursday February 16, on Comedy Central at 10pm, with new episodes available on Fridays on Paramount+. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Grinning Jeremy Clarkson returns to Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? after investigation into vile Meghan Markle remarks MORE : Meghan and Harry ‘fully expected’ at coronation but royals ‘will be on edge’ 