Michael Owen has named the favourite to win the Premier League title after Arsenal, Manchester City and Manchester United endured mixed fortunes this weekend. It was another dramatic weekend at the top of the Premier League as Arsenal secured a thrilling victory over Aston Villa, Man City dropped points at Nottingham Forest and Man United brushed aside Leicester City. Arsenal looked set to drop more points against Unai Emery’s Villa but came from behind twice to bounce back from last week’s deflating defeat to Manchester City. Man City would still be top had they beaten Forest but Steve Cooper’s side scored a late equaliser to frustrate the defending champions. Manchester United then thumped Leicester 3-0 on Sunday to continue their impressive run under Erik ten Hag. The Red Devils are now three points behind Man City and five points Arsenal, who have a game in hand. Former England striker Owen says Man United ‘cannot be ruled out’ of the title race but insists Mikel Arteta’s Arsenal remain in the ‘driving seat’. Discussing the title race before United’s win over Leicester on Sunday, Owen told Premier League Productions: ‘It’s amazing isn’t it? You see Man City sat there on 52 points and it’s a really good total, but you just don’t feel like they’re absolutely purring and at the top of their game this season so far.  ‘And Arsenal, even though they’ve had a couple of iffy results in recent times, they’re probably sat there confident now. They’ve gained another couple of points on Manchester City – and probably had the harder game. ‘However, cast your minds back a month or so and Manchester City would probably snap your hand off only being two points behind now, because that gap was quite big. ‘Everyone knows there are going to be so many ups and downs and twists – and nobody is mentioning Manchester United. ‘Because if Manchester City are involved, and obviously Manchester United, if they win their game in hand, they’re only three points behind City, so you cannot rule anything out at the moment. ‘But you’d have to say that Arsenal are in the driving seat.’ Man United and Man City are in Europa League and Champions League action this week – United hosting Barcelona and City travelling to RB Leipzig – while Arsenal face Leicester next weekend. MORE : Man Utd's Marcel Sabitzer deserved red card against Leicester, claims Graeme Souness MORE : Alexis Mac Allister’s dad sends message to Arsenal and Chelsea over summer move For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 