A bitter ex-wife jailed for 13 years for killing her drug trafficking former husband keeps telling their children she’ll ‘be home soon’, the victim’s family have said. Coleen Campbell, 38, was found guilty of manslaughter for helping Thomas Campbell’s underworld rivals arrange an ambush in which the 36-year-old was tortured to death at his home in Mossley, Greater Manchester, last July. Thinking they were planning to violently rob Thomas of two Rolex watches, she leaked his precise day-to-day whereabouts and home address. But Thomas was found dead in his hallway, naked except for a pair of socks, having suffered 61 injuries from being stabbed, punched, stamped on and having boiling water poured on his buttocks. Coleen initially avoided any suspicion, deliberately grieving in front of his unsuspecting family and telling them ‘how much she still loved him’. In a bizarre twist, she gave herself away several days later by telling his mum grisly details of her son’s death which she claimed she had learned from his ghost. Her two children, who were born from a previous relationship but saw Thomas as their own father, are now living with his brother Daniel, who said they ‘still have regular contact’ with their mum. In a victim impact statement, he said: ‘She has shown no remorse, in our opinion. She concealed her involvement and watched us all hurt. ‘Coleen has not made this easy, often speaking with the children, and feeding them information which in our opinion confuses them. ‘Coleen has regularly been telling the children during the contact that she’s coming home soon, and that she is going to take them away to live in a house where they will all live together again. ‘This is hard to manage, the children are young and impressionable. We have pictures of Thomas and Coleen up in our home to help the children with their grieving.’ Former Matalan store assistant Coleen lived a lavish lifestyle with her husband for nearly 10 years, but the marriage ended sourly when he cheated on her with one of her friends soon after a two-year stint in prison ending in 2021. The gangster, who remained an ‘integral’ part of of an orgranised crime gang, later fell afoul of John Belfield, 28, by getting into a relationship with his ex-girlfriend. Belfield, who was described in court as ‘heavily concerned in the large scale supply of Class A drugs’, reached out to Colleen on Instagram a week before the killing and the pair soon began discussing the plot. Using Coleen’s information, Belfield and two associates, Stephen Cleworth, 38, and Reece Steven, 29, repeatedly carried out reconnaissance trips to Thomas’ home. Prosecutors say Belfield and Steven attacked Thomas as he returned home late on a Saturday night, while Cleworth missed out because he was ‘on a bender at a swingers’ club’. Jurors were told Coleen found out from the killers what had happened to Thomas almost immediately afterward. But instead of alerting police, she turned up on his parents’ doorstep playing up her grief, Daniel said, who said they ‘thought nothing of letting her in and consoling her as much as we possibly could’. Daniel told jurors: ‘Coleen sat in my mum and dad’s house, surrounded by Thomas’ closest family and friends, and expressed how much she was upset. ‘She shared stories about their marriage and said how much she still loved him. Every single one of my family has hugged her and tried to make her feel better. ‘All along, Coleen knew the part she played in the plot that cost Thomas his life. Knowing we hugged her and spent time with her during the worst time of our lives has added an extra burden, an unimaginable pain.’ Steven was found guilty of murder and faces a life sentence, while Cleworth was convicted of manslaughter. Belfield is thought to be on the run in Spain, and was not placed on trial but named as a co-conspirator. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.