Woody Cook has insisted he’s forging his own path in the entertainment world, albeit with a bit of his famous parents’ DNA. The 22-year-old son of presenter Zoe Ball and DJ Fatboy Slim is certainly following his dad’s musical footsteps, as he enjoyed his own DJ set at Glastonbury last year and is looking forward to appearing at Camp Bestival Dorset in July. But speaking to Metro.co.uk, the young DJ insisted: ‘I’ve been going in my own direction.’ ‘People are always going to compare, and it’s not for me to change that. ‘It’s just for me to do what I’m doing, and it seems to be working at the moment,’ explained Woody. It was in season two of The Circle that Woody debuted himself as a solo entity on TV back in 2019, before appearing on Celebrity Gogglebox alongside his BBC Radio 2 presenter mum a year later. The University of Bristol student was placed fifth in the finale, and kept his famous roots a secret for weeks into the show. Reflecting on the time, Woody said: ‘When I was on The Circle I came in with the attitude to not mention [my parents] and to just be me and to see if people still like me. And at the end of it, they did. ‘It went incredibly well and the response from everyone back home was so overwhelmingly positive. Even my parents were like, “Wow, you were listening all those years!” ‘From then on, for me at least, there was no conceivable way that I would be in their shadow.’ But of course as well as ‘find[ing] the things that vibrate with you’ naturally, Woody is sure in life everyone ‘always accidentally slightly embodies elements of our parents’. ‘Try as much as I like, my DNA has definitely traces of them two in it,’ he joked. ‘I’m a storyteller,’ explained Woody of his own path. ‘There are many different mediums to tell stories through, whether it’s music or whether it’s through presenting.’ But Woody is also proud of his campaigning through his company Truth Tribe, which is all about ‘mixing protest and education with music’ which he said although is in the ‘same vein’ of his parents’ vocations, is ‘very much not the beaten path’. Generally though, the Gogglebox star is just enjoying ‘experimenting’ and getting well and truly stuck into everything. But confident though he is – and he is fan of manifesting positivity getting you places – Woody admitted he still feels ‘insecure going up on stage’. Since the star decided to go sober for his busy summer period of gigs, he confessed the lack of ‘Dutch courage’ made him wobble slightly. He said: ‘For a lot of sets I still get insecure going up on stage. I spend a lot of time sober, and now do most of my summers sober having drunk for many years. ‘I think that Dutch courage, when it evaporated, I was suddenly like, “Oh, okay”.’ But this is Woody’s efforts to keep himself on ‘the rails’ as he revealed he’s seen ‘members of [his] family’ and the music industry as a whole go a ‘bit too far’ with the sauce – which is understandable, when you’re ‘handed a bottle of vodka’ for every gig. Woody explained: ‘I figured if between 21 and I guess 26, if I spend half my years sober and half my year not then I’m pretty sure for the rest of my life I’ll be completely fine.’ He then joked that if you worked in a supermarket you wouldn’t drink at work, so why should it be acceptable for him to be. Let’s hope Woody is feeling his full exuberant self – which he said he does 80 to 90% of the time – come July, when he will be taking to the Camp Bestival stage alongside Eurovision savior Sam Ryder, indie favourites The Kooks, dancing queen Sophie Ellis-Bextor and club scene legend DJ Fat Tony. Gushing about fond memories of the festival, which he has attended many times over the years, the star said: ‘I love Camp Bestival. I first went there about six or seven years ago. ‘I was actually surprised, you know. I was expecting a kids’ festival to be a sort of toned down festival. ‘But I was really surprised by the amount of effort they went through and how large it is, and how much there is an offer from music to other activities. ‘For me it’s got the same sort of vibe and ethos of Glastonbury, just earlier bedtimes.’ As for Woody himself, his personal ethos is simple: ‘I believe that if you’re always nice to everyone around you, nice things come back to you.’ Camp Bestival Dorset will be held on July 27 – July 30 2023, and you can find tickets here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Zoe Ball’s son Woody Cook had doubts about coming out as bisexual: ‘I felt like it would sound attention seeking’ MORE : Tom Hanks has no time for people suggesting his children’s success in acting is down to nepotism 