Susanna Reid has speculated that Piers Morgan’s upcoming interview with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is set to be ‘overshadowed’ by another chat happening on the same channel. This week, Morgan announced that on Thursday February 2, he would be sitting down for a conversation with the politician at No 10 Downing Street, marking 100 days since the MP took over the role from Liz Truss. In his announcement posted on Twitter, the broadcaster wrote: On his 100th day in office tomorrow, I will be sitting down with Prime Minister @RishiSunak at No10 Downing Street for a wide-ranging exclusive interview.’ He later added: ‘My interview with ⁦@RishiSunak⁩ tomorrow will be my first ever with a Tory PM at No10. Boris Johnson kept promising me one but then ran & hid in a fridge. Rishi’s kept his word & it will be unmissable television.’ On Thursday’s Good Morning Britain, Reid referred to her former co-host’s scoop, but admitted that she believed it would be up against stiff competition. After all, while Morgan will be speaking to Sunak on tonight’s TalkTV, the following day, the channel’s new presenter Nadine Dorries is interviewing former PM Boris Johnson on the launch episode for her show. Dorries, who served as culture secretary in Johnson’s government, said: ‘As someone who’s never been afraid to speak their mind, I’m delighted to be joining the team at TalkTV for Friday Night with Nadine, where I’ll be putting my 23-year political career and experiences at the despatch box to good use. ‘Boris Johnson continues to dominate so much of the political narrative since his departure from No.10. Now’s the time to find out what he really thinks about a whole range of pressing issues.’ Considering the attention that Dorries’ interview will receive on Friday night, Reid hypothesised that it could give Morgan’s conversation with Sunak a run for its money. ‘He’s going to do a big set piece interview this evening. With Piers, formerly of this parish,’ Reid began in reference to Sunak, with a big grin on her face. However, the GMB presenter then added: ‘But he is getting overshadowed once again by Boris Johnson. So same channel, different night, Boris Johnson will be talking to Nadine Dorries.’ Reid admitted that they’d been ‘laughing’ earlier about the prospect of ‘presenticians’ – ie, politicians who become presenters. ‘We have one on our own programme. Ed Balls, of course, used to be a Labour cabinet minister,’ she added. Earlier in the conversation, a guest on GMB expressed their view that Sunak wasn’t good at ‘radiating a personality’, ahead of his interview with Morgan. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan brands Alan Cumming ‘comically disingenuous’ after Scottish actor labels TalkTV host ‘lump of ignorance’ MORE : Piers Morgan praises former ‘TV wife’ Susanna Reid after ‘toe-curling’ interview with Matt Hancock 