On February 18 we enter Pisces season. Pisces is a Water sign, a mutable sign, ruled over by Neptune. Pisceans are dreamy, imaginative, kind, empathetic, understanding and wise. They are natural creatives and artists, as well as possessing psychic and healing abilities. They are great people to have in your life – they are super sensitive though, and require handling with care. This cold, hard world can get all too much for them at times, and they can drift into self delusion, fantasies or self medication to escape. Take good care of your Pisces people. Let the tarot guide you as to kindness and care you need to show towards yourself. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for Pisces season: The Devil Meaning: Don’t sabotage yourself with self-destructive or wilful behaviour that you know will cause issues – I’m talking flirting with unavailable people, saying things you ought not to, putting up with poor treatment yet again, triggering the same old arguments, believing someone is going to change who simply is not. The Venus in Pisces season can activate a wake up call about how you can change the rules and play a better love game that you can win. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for Pisces season: Eight of Cups Meaning: The Eight of Cups is a clear signal to release an ongoing disappointing love affair, flirtation or even relationship. It isn’t what you want it to be, nor is it going to change into that. Let it go. Why carry on giving more to someone who has not yet appreciated all you have given thus far? Better opportunities and other fish lie ahead, don’t miss out because you’re holding on to this dead weight. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for Pisces season: Queen of Cups Meaning: Love yourself. How you treat yourself teaches others how to treat you. When you set the bar high, people suddenly want to shape up. The Queen of Cups is a self love and self care card. Don’t put up with rubbish – withdraw. Make time for yourself. Indulge, pamper, challenge, reward and learn. Be inspired and motivated by healthy, exciting, positive and healing activities and people. Love will come when you are happy in your own skin. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for Pisces season: Temperance Meaning: You have changed over the last year. Your outlook on love is not the same as it was at the start of 2022. Temperance shows that this has been a long-term and steady evolution but, now, you can see the shift, the extent of the change in values, priorities and needs. Communicate this – to yourself (say it out loud, write it down) and others. Don’t try and fit back into old patterns or roles or expectations. Be different. Don’t ask permission. Just do it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for Pisces season: Justice Meaning: Fairness is the key theme this Venus in Pisces season. You want things to be fair, equal, balanced and harmonious. And maybe they’re not, right now, and therefore you need to speak up, express your misgivings, ask for a change, lead by example and see what happens. Justice shows you are in the right, you are justified to ask for this shift. If it doesn’t happen then consider whether you want to stay in this dynamic. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for Pisces season: Eight of Coins Meaning: You love fixing people. You are a natural helper and supporter, and this can get you into tricky relationships where you end up ‘adulting’ someone who is determined to remain a child, or broken, or hapless about their own life. The Eight of Coins shows this current dynamic could get like that, so you need to enlist their efforts and investment in the changes needed. You can’t do it alone. You can’t do it for them. Help them but don’t do it for them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for Pisces season: Death Meaning: Death is a card of growth of transformation, of shedding an old skin and growing into a new guise. It’s necessary, natural and coming whether you like it or not! Your relationship/s need to change in order to adapt to your changing needs and circumstances. That’s okay. Go through it together, talk about it, support each other, be mindful of the shifts and make sure they are working for both of you. This can be a journey of discovery. Take it hand in hand. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for Pisces season: Five of Cups Meaning: A little echo of regret about an old lover, the way something unfolded, a behaviour or conversation you exhibited will arise this Venus in Pisces season. Process the feeling, let it be released, take a life lesson, and then move on. Don’t let old ghosts ruin what you’re doing now, or what you hope for. Don’t drag baggage into new connections. Don’t be the person who can’t forgive yourself or others, who can’t let go. Be new, be fresh, be hopeful. Don’t be sad. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for Pisces season: Two of Wands Meaning: This Venus in Pisces season asks you not to hedge your bets, lead people along, play both sides or be vague/ambiguous about your feelings for someone. It’s not fair on them and it will backfire on you. If you’re not into it, then let it go. You’re never short of suitors and flirtations so someone else will swiftly be along, fear not! If you are into it, then don’t play games and don’t hide your true feelings. Be honest. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for Pisces season: Four of Cups Meaning: You might feel like you’ve lost ‘that loving feeling’ somewhat. The Four of Cups shows you feel a bit bored or stagnated, same old same old, and maybe have been taking things for granted. Stop, step back, look again. You are missing the gifts and gems right under your nose. You aren’t seeing the wonderful magic you already have going on. Refocus on someone close to you, this could be the love of a lifetime, see them in their true nature and appreciate them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for Pisces season: Six of Coins Meaning: Good karma in love is important. How we treat others eventually finds its way back to us down the line (either in reverse treatment, or just reputation). The Six of Coins reminds you to be as fair, honest and straightforward with someone else as you would hope they would be with you. Don’t fudge the issue, avoid the conversation, or push away their fears. Don’t project yours onto them either. Have a good dialogue, be compassionate, be truthful. You can get to a better place, whether it’s love or friendship. Treat them as you’d wish to be treated in their shoes. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for Pisces season: Six of Wands Meaning: The Six of Wands is a victory and success card so expect great things from your love life this Venus in Pisces season. Build on the good things, create exciting future plans, share your ideals and dreams, ask them to join you in an adventure. Be optimistic and confident and set the tone of ‘winning together’. You can join forces, become a power couple, help each other lead a great life. Align, add magic, and have adventures in love. Enjoy this season! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Pisces MORE : The worst matched star signs in love – and how to overcome the cosmic obstacles