Classic British sitcom Fawlty Towers is making a comeback more than four decades after the final episode aired, with John Cleese fronting the project with his daughter, Camilla Cleese. In 1975, the actor made his debut as the lead character Basil Fawlty, who struggles to keep his hotel and his marriage to Sybil Fawlty (Prunella Scales) running smoothly. The series was written by John and his ex-wife Connie Booth, who he was married to from 1965 to 1978, a year before the show came to an end after running for two series on BBC2. Fawlty Towers is now returning for a reboot, in news that was announced by Castle Rock Entertainment, after the company secured a deal with the Monty Python star. The revival will see Basil grapple with the fact that he has a daughter who he didn’t know existed, all the while trying to stay up to date with the modern, ever-changing world. Speaking about the news, the 83-year-old said that he liked the fact that producer Matthew George ‘really “gets” the creative process’, recalling how their first meeting unfolded. Camilla is John’s second child, the daughter of his second wife Barbara Trentham, who he was married to from 1981 to 1990. ‘When [Matt and I] first met, he offered an excellent first idea, and then Matt, my daughter Camilla, and I had one of the best creative sessions I can remember,’ John said. ‘By dessert we had an overall concept so good that, a few days later, it won the approval of [executive producers] Rob and Michele Reiner. ‘Camilla and I look forward enormously to expanding it into a series.’ Rob, who directed beloved rom-com When Harry Met Sally…, dubbed John a ‘comedy legend’, adding: ‘Just the idea of working with him makes me laugh.’ Derrick and George Rossi are also producers on the project, with the latter saying that meeting John and Camilla was one of the ‘great thrills’ of his life. ‘I’ve watched the first two seasons so many times I have lost count. I dreamed of one day being involved in a continuation of the story. Now it’s come true,’ he remarked. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : John Cleese absolutely slated for falsely claiming BBC hasn’t aired Monty Python for decades MORE : John Cleese joins GB News and insists it’s ‘not right-wing, it’s a free speech channel’ 