Leader of the House of Commons, Penny Mordaunt said on Sunday it was a ‘myth’ that going on strike does not benefit workers. To show the Tory MP what they really think about her comments, thousands of people are heading to the picket lines today. February has already seen upwards of 500,000 people across public and private sectors resulting to industrial action over pay, jobs and conditions. But the bitter disputes seem far from being resolved, bringing Britain’s winter of discontent into spring. So, who is on strike today and how will this affect you? More than 11,000 ambulance workers are taking to the picket line in England and Wales today. Paramedics, emergency care assistants and call handlers are staging 100 pickets across eight trusts over the government’s imposed real-terms wage cut. In Wales, an extra 1.5% consolidated pay and 1.5% one-off bonus was rejected by two thirds of union members on Friday Rachel Harrison, GMB national secretary, said: ‘Ambulance workers across England and Wales will strike today – entirely because this government is tin eared. ‘It’s been over a month since the government engaged in a meaningful dialogue. They are missing in action and refuse to talk pay. ‘There is a recruitment crisis in the NHS. Solving the issue of pay is vital if we are going to stem the tide of dedicated healthcare workers leaving the profession. ‘The public back ambulance workers. The government must listen to them and talk pay now.’ Families travelling back to the UK can breath a sigh of relief as today is the last day of the Border Force strikes. Last week, Border Force warned that travellers could face delays at ports when coming back to the country. Military, civil servants and volunteers had been trained to step in, keep borders safe and minimise disruption. A spokesperson for the Public and Commercial Services Union (PCS) said: ‘While we sympathise with travellers experiencing delays, the blame lies squarely with the government. ‘Rishi Sunak has had months to resolve this dispute but refuses to meet us. He can end the strikes tomorrow if he puts some money on the table. ‘Until he does, our strikes will continue because it is unacceptable that hard-working civil servants are being told to accept just a 2% pay rise during a cost-of-living crisis when inflation is at 10%.’ Civil servants at the (DWP) continue their strike action this week at universal credit centres in Liverpool. Members at Toxteth Jobcentre, Duke Street Jobcentre, City Jobcentre and Innovation Park Jobcentre will strike today. The government plans to close more than 40 DWP offices, putting jobs on the line with workers facing the risk of redundancy. The PCS says the action is a ‘response to the lack of movement from the government on their demands on pay, pensions and job security’. PCS members who work for the DVLA in the output services Group at Ty Felin and Morriston, in Swansea, continue strike action. They are striking over pay, pensions, jobs and redundancy terms. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.