Thiago Silva admits Jorginho is going to be a massive loss for Chelsea  and has suggested he will sign a new contract soon and will not leave the club in the lurch. The west Londoners have undergone a dramatic turnover of players in the January transfer window, bringing in nine new faces in a spree that exceeded £250million, with Enzo Fernandez’s arrival breaking the Premier League transfer record. But they also lost experienced midfielder Jorginho, who moved to table-topping London rivals Arsenal in a cut-price £12m deal after entering the final six months of his contract. Silva is also due to be out of contract in the summer but now feels even more responsibility to remain at Stamford Bridge and help with their seismic rebuild and restructuring of the squad, while he is very disappointed to see Jorginho leave. Lamenting the Italy international’s departure, Silva told ESPN Brasil: ‘It was for a direct competitor, but these are football things, it happens. ‘He wanted to stay in England because he has family here. There are things that we have no control over, but we have to understand the player’s side of things.’ On his contract talks, he continued: ‘We are talking about it, everything will probably happen in the next few days. ‘My intention, and that of the club as well, is to stay together. I know that the club needs me right now. ‘I am here to be able to help, there are young players [who I can help]. ‘I know that, with my experience, I can help in this process of rebuilding the club. I’m here for that and willing to do this. I know that my responsibility is very great. ‘I know we have a lot of work ahead of us, especially as we have lost one of our great leaders in the dressing room. ‘Jorginho is a guy who spoke a lot and this hole will remain, but we have to move on. ‘We didn’t expect him to leave, but it has happened. We have to make up for his absence in the best possible way.’ MORE : Rio Ferdinand sends warning to Jorginho after Chelsea midfielder joins Arsenal on transfer deadline day MORE : Arsenal discussed signing two different midfielders as Moises Caicedo alternative before buying Jorginho from Chelsea For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 