Casemiro shares a dressing room with some of the best players in the Premier League at Manchester United but says one star stands out from the rest. The Brazilian midfielder is loving his time at Old Trafford, having joined the Premier League giants from Real Madrid last summer. Casemiro won five Champions League trophies and three La Liga titles at the Bernabeu and says he wants to lift more silverware at Manchester United. That does not appear to be an unrealistic goal with Casemiro helping to transform United into title challengers this season. The Red Devils only finished sixth last term – 35 points behind champions Manchester City – but are currently just five points off Premier League leaders Arsenal. Manchester United’s impressive league form has been matched in cup competitions with Erik ten Hag’s side booking a place in this weekend’s EFL Cup final, just three days after they knocked Barcelona out of the Europa League. Casemiro is desperate get his hands on more trophies before the end of the season and believes the presence of Bruno Fernandes – who he describes as the ‘best player’ at Old Trafford – will stand United in good stead. ‘Before coming to Manchester United, I’d turn on the TV and watch their games… and he was the best player,’ Casemiro said of Fernandes. ‘He’s one of the guys that helps up front and midfield, he is part of that transition. He’s our best player there.’ Portugal star Fernandes has been one of Manchester United’s most influential players since joining from Sporting Lisbon in January 2020, scoring 57 goals in 163 appearances for the Red Devils. Casemiro, meanwhile, says he ‘wants to be known’ as a title winner at United, having won a host of trophies during his brilliant spell at Real Madrid. ‘That’s the most important thing,’ the Brazilian said. ‘Regardless if we win or not, because we know it’s hard to win titles, especially the Premier League, where all games are tough. ‘But I want to win titles and important games here. It’s not easy. We know that. Especially because we’re talking about the most difficult league in the world. But that’s what I want to be known for.’ Casemiro also opened up on the differences between the Premier League and La Liga, telling Manchester United’s official website: ‘Well, honestly, it’s different.  ‘Especially because of the different circumstances, like the intensity of the games here. I’m not trying to underestimate La Liga, but the games here are much more difficult, there’s a higher number of transitions. ‘In Spain, they usually prefer tiki-taka football as they call it there. Here there are more transitions, more attacking moves. ‘Each league has its own qualities and traits. I know each has its own traits and I respect both [leagues]. But the most important thing is for players to adapt as quickly as possible.’ MORE : Man Utd's Lisandro Martinez names Arsenal star as his toughest opponent MORE : Ray Parlour predicts where Manchester United will finish in the Premier League For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 