Are the stars lining up in your favour, with potent Pluto dominating the mix? Cancer, you may seem serious about your intentions and this may ramp up a notch. Any message you want to share with the world could be delivered with conviction, making you ultra-persuasive. Elsewhere, for Capricorn, as thoughtful Mercury liaises with potent Pluto in your sign, a meaningful conversation could get you thinking very intensely, while Virgo you can feel inspired not to give in to a pushy friend. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 9, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 It may be time to invest in something that can ease stress and allow you to feel more at peace. As an Aries, you are often in a hurry, and with Jupiter now bouncing through your sign, your impatience levels could move up several notches. Even so, you’ll make better decisions if you come from a place of calm and stop rushing. Meditation or mindfulness could assist you, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 An intense conversation could set you thinking about how it would be to get to know someone better. And you may sense that you genuinely chime with each other on topics that matter to both of you. The current electric influences might also reveal something about them that you find attractive and that could bring you closer, especially if it involves a subject you take seriously. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Trust your instincts, and give an idea your best shot. Could it contribute to your security and financial wellbeing? If so, the willingness to take a risk may be just what’s needed to help you move forward. With positive influences working on your behalf, there’s no better time to push ahead and see what you can accomplish. Trust your intuition too, it could be a gamechanger. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With the Moon linking to Pluto, you seem serious about your intentions. Today, this can ramp up a notch, and any message you want to share with the world could be delivered with conviction, making you ultra-persuasive. Whatever you’re intent on accomplishing, you’ll want to do it your way. Someone may have good advice, but if your instincts tell you otherwise, listen! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 With sparkling influences ongoing, it can seem that others are drawn to you, and that you have more chance than ever to make a sizzling impact. This blend of energies can work well in situations that require you to make a great impression, as you will likely convey an aura of charisma and fun. As a result Leo, social opportunities may more easily come your way. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Is a friend trying to micromanage your social schedule, and expecting you to turn up to events they want you to attend? Do you even have any say in the matter? This is not an ideal situation, especially if they become manipulative when you decline. A sparkling aspect can inspire you not to give in, even if it means more hassle. Say no now, and it should be easier next time, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A desire for something different could set you on an exciting path. With Venus in Pisces aligning with cutting-edge Uranus, you may connect with a job, project or a relationship that benefits you in a positive way. It might not be what you originally wanted, it could be even better. Does it allow you to tap into your strengths and talents? If so, what you are waiting for, Libra? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You could feel unusually irritated by someone, even if you normally get along with them very well. An awkward blend of energies suggests issues with a friend or associate could cause a disconnect, unless you can be patient. On a positive note, there may be a pleasant surprise for you which could be a gift or even a small windfall, and it might come from an unexpected source. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Once again, the urge to do something impulsive can strike, and this time it may be deep-seated feelings that trigger this mood. If a long-held dream seems to be moving further away from you, then know that it’s still possible to accomplish it, if you’re prepared to take the slow but steady route. You may be ready for change, but the way you go about it is so important to success. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 As thoughtful Mercury liaises with potent Pluto in your sign, a meaningful conversation could get you thinking very intensely. Whatever is discussed might enable you to see current options in a more ambitious light, and this can spur you on. Other aspects do indicate a need for change, and this could come through travel or signing up for new experiences that revolutionize your life. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Ready to shine? A scintillating aspect encourages you onwards, making this an excellent time to promote an idea or project. If it’s ahead of its time or offers alternative solutions to everyday issues, then go for it. Plus, an in-depth conversation could result in a deal that works out well for you. And committing to it may lead to bigger and better things, even if you can’t see this just yet. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 It’s a great time to try something that can take you in a new direction. Venus in your sign and its sparkling link to maverick Uranus, may be just what is needed to get things off to the best start. Get as much advice as you can, and chat to others who have experience. The more you know now, the easier it will be. Plus, something you’re keen to sell may be worth more than you think. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 5 to February 11 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Venus in Pisces urges you to be wise in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope