Madonna’s older brother Anthony Ciccone has died at the age of 66, it has been announced. Ciccone, who was one of the Vogue singer’s seven siblings, is said to have died on Friday night. His brother-in-law, singer Joe Henry who is married to Madonna’s sister Melanie Ciccone, announced the news in an Instagram post. Alongside a throwback black-and-white photo of Ciccone, he wrote: ‘My brother-in-law, Anthony Gerard Ciccone, exited this earthly plane last evening. I’ve known him since I was 15, in the spring of our lives in Michigan so many years now gone. ‘As brother Dave Henry (who took this photograph) notes here, Anthony was a complex character; and god knows: we tangled in moments, as true brothers can. But I loved him, and understood him better than I was sometimes willing to let on.’ Henry continued: ‘But trouble fades; and family remains— with hands reached across the table. Farewell, then, brother Anthony. I want to think the god your blessed mother (and mine) believed in has her there, waiting to receive you. At least for today, no one shall dissuade me from this vision.’ Madonna, 64, has not publicly addressed the news. Those who knew Ciccone over the years paid tribute to him in the comments section. One friend wrote: ‘I have some really fond memories of him growing up. We bonded over our love of Calvin and Hobbes. I’ll be thinking about him and the Ciccones tonight.’ Another wrote to Henry: ‘I’m sorry Joe – and to Mel I send the warmest embrace. Remembering too our conversation at that little taverna on Patmos. Family love runs deep and never fades.’ ‘I’m so sorry for your loss. Please also pass on my condolences to Melanie from me, her old friend Sandro (formally of Island & Virgin Records),’ one follower said. Goodfellas actress Debi Mazar was also friendly with Ciccone and penned a lengthy tribute, writing: ‘I have such fond memories of time spent with Anthony back in the late 80’s. ‘A real Renaissance Man. ‘Full of prose,lover of literature,his Italian Heritage , good wine&cooking.He would drive his 1960’s Cadillac over to my Brooklyn apartment in a snow storm,bring a pot of his freshly prepared Ragu,and all the fixin’s,and we would cook & laugh and talk all night.’ She continued: ‘I had a looming ex boyfriend always hovering in that period,so Anthony & I remained just friends.He was someone I respected and thought to be a brilliant mind.He nurtured my young soul.I will always choose to remember his kindness & smile. ‘My condolences to his entire family. He was very much loved.’ Madonna grew up with Ciccone and their six other siblings; Martin, Paula, Melanie, Christopher, Jennifer and Mario. He was the eldest child of the singer’s parents, Tony and Madonna Ciccone. Madonna’s mother died at the age od 33 in 1963 following a battle with breast cancer. Ciccone had struggled with personal issues for several years, including alcoholism and was also said to be homeless in Michigan at one point. In 2017, it was reported that Ciccone had completed a rehab programme and reconnected with his family. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 