A potato-shaped asteroid spotted by Nasa this month has been described as ‘the most elongated’ asteroid ever imaged. On February 3, a space rock more than three times as long as it is wide, safely flew past Earth at a distance of about 1.1 million miles. That’s a little under five times the distance between the Moon and Earth, so there was no risk of the asteroid impacting our planet. Scientists at Nasa’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Southern California were able to closely track the object called, 2011 AG5, and make invaluable observations to determine its size, rotation, surface details, and, most notably, shape. ‘Of the 1,040 near-Earth objects observed by planetary radar to date, this is one of the most elongated we’ve seen,’ said Lance Benner, principal scientist at JPL who helped lead the observations. Closely tracked by Nasa’s Deep Space Network, this close approach provided the first opportunity to take a detailed look at the asteroid since it was discovered in 2011. At about 500 metres long and about 150 metres wide, the asteroid had similar dimensions to the Empire State Building. The powerful 70-metre Goldstone Solar System Radar antenna dish at the Deep Space Network’s facility near Barstow, California, revealed the dimensions of this extremely elongated asteroid. ‘Interestingly, shortly after its discovery, 2011 AG5 became a poster-child asteroid when our analysis showed it had a small chance of a future impact,’ said Paul Chodas, the director for Center for Near Earth Object Studies (CNEOS) at JPL. ‘Continued observations of this object ruled out any chance of impact, and these new ranging measurements by the planetary radar team will further refine exactly where it will be far into the future.’ The Goldstone radar observations took place from 29 January to 4 February, capturing several other details. Along with a large, broad concavity in one of the asteroid’s two hemispheres, 2011 AG5 has subtle dark and lighter regions that may indicate small-scale surface features a few dozen metres across. The observations also confirmed the asteroid has a slow rotation rate, taking nine hours to fully rotate. Nasa added that if the asteroid were viewed by the human eye, it would appear as dark as charcoal. Beyond contributing to a better understanding of what this object looks like up close, the Goldstone radar observations provide a key measurement of the asteroid’s orbit around the Sun. Radar provides precise distance measurements that can help scientists at Nasa’s CNEOS refine the asteroid’s orbital path. Asteroid 2011 AG5 orbits the Sun once every 621 days and won’t have a very close encounter with Earth until 2040 when it will safely pass our planet at a distance of about 680,000 miles – nearly three times the distance to the Moon. MORE : 110-foot asteroid set to fly by Earth on Valentine’s Day MORE : Asteroid explodes over the Channel creating flash seen as far as Wales and Paris