Stacey Solomon’s BBC series Sort Your Life Out has been hit with 1,500 complaints after animal charities criticised the treatment of rabbits. The programme sees the Loose Women star, 33, and her team revamp cluttered homes in the UK where homeowners choose which personal belongings they want to keep and leave behind. In one of the episodes, which premiered at the beginning of this month, the family had been keeping their pet rabbits in their conservatory, one of the first items of business was to create a space outside for them to roam. However, when their new hutch was revealed at the end of the episode, many viewers were quick to express their dismay at what some labelled a ‘completely unsuitable hutch’. One person posted on Twitter that they were enjoying the episode until the rabbits were ‘kicked into the garden’. ‘That hutch is too small for anything other than a bolt hole! There’s enough bad rabbit rearing without this encouragement,’ another wrote. The broadcaster received 1,502 complaints from viewers. The Rabbit Welfare Association & Fund posted that it was ‘unbelievable’, and directed people to complain to the BBC directly. Rabbit Rescue organisation Save a Fluff also shared on social media that it was ‘hard enough trying to raise awareness of hutches being detrimental to rabbit health’ without the broadcaster presenting one. Many others shared a recent post by the RWAF which said that ‘commercially sold rabbit hutches spread the idea that hutches are sufficient housing for pet rabbits’. ‘They are not. Hutches are too small and can lead to the development of depression and physical deformities.’ A BBC spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘The family’s pet rabbits usually live outside and were only living indoors for a short period of time after being neutered’. ‘They are therefore acclimatised to living in the garden. ‘The rabbits have full access to a wide, enclosed garden to roam around in, with the hutch being a place to come and go as they please during the day, as well as a safe and secure space for them to sleep in at night.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Stacey Solomon’s reps for comment. Sort Your Life Out is streaming on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joe Lycett thanks bestie Liz Truss and calls for Richard Sharp to quit as BBC chairperson in iconic speech for comedy game changer award MORE : Stacey Solomon shares adorable moment 1-year-old Rose met newborn sister Belle – and we know they’ll be thick as thieves 