After five years together, Kylie Minogue has reportedly parted ways with her boyfriend. The Australian pop star, 54, started dating GQ exec Paul Solomons after meeting through mutual friends in 2018. Their relationship didn’t get off to the smoothest start as, in 2021, they were forced to spend nine months apart due to the Covid-19 pandemic, with Kylie Down Under and Paul in London. Kylie and Paul battled long distance throughout their romance, with the pint-sized singer returning to Aus one year ago. Alas, it’s thought the distance was no longer manageable, with reports saying their break-up comes after they struggled to make it work. A source close to the magazine mogul told The Sun: ‘Long distance isn’t easy for any couple. ‘Kylie and Paul really tried to make things work but ultimately the time difference was a killer – Paul couldn’t exactly nip to Melbourne for a long weekend whenever things got strained.’ The insider added that Kylie – who is set to embark on a world tour – had wanted to keep news of their separation hush to avoid negative headlines. ‘Kylie initially wanted to keep the split quiet though as she really does not want the narrative to be “poor, unlucky-in-love-Kylie’s heartbreak’s again”,’ they said. ‘She’s a powerful, hugely successful woman – and isn’t moping around, heartbroken.’ It’s believed that Kylie and Paul have remained friends, but the I Should Be So Lucky singer is channelling her heartbreak into her work. ‘For now, Kylie has a new album to promote, and a world tour to get cracking with,’ the source continued. ‘She’s hugely excited about starting this new chapter in her life.’ If rumours are to be believed, Paul joins Kylie’s exes Jason Donovan, Lenny Kravitz, Olivier Martinez, Andres Velencoso, and Joshua Sasse. The Loco-Motion songstress and creative director still follow each other on Instagram and while Kylie’s page doesn’t boast any pics of her now-ex, she features several times on his. Justin previously posted snaps with the star from a Versace party, as well as a celebratory post for Kylie when she released her Disco album in 2020. While the music icon has kept much of their relationship on the down-low, she spoke last February about how they keep things going while spending so much time apart. ‘I’m quite used to it,’ she said of the long distance. ‘What is difficult is explaining it and I’m hovering around that right now because I don’t have a traditional set-up when it comes to my relationship. ‘I don’t have the white-picket-fence life.’ Kylie said at the time that she and Paul were ‘in a very good space’ that they were ‘cherishing.’ ‘We use the term “fluid and pivoting”.’ Reps for Kylie Minogue have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Smith defies bodyshamers and critics as new album Gloria lands at number 1 MORE : Beyonce fans go into overdrive as Grammys host Trevor Noah teases ‘favourite’ female performance 