A nurse has returned to her vehicle after a night shift to discover she had fallen victim to ‘car cannibals’. Samantha Rose had been working at Barberry Mental Health Centre when thieves struck at around 2am on Monday in Selly Oak, Birmingham. To add to her woes, police have told her that they can’t investigate unless there is clear CCTV of the crime as it happened. She said: ‘I am a nurse and I have been on nights all week – this was my first night back. ‘I called the police as soon as it happened but the only correspondence I have had is a text message saying that unless I had clear CCTV footage then the case would be logged and closed. ‘I am just so gutted, I cannot believe people would do this. My neighbour’s vehicle was stripped on Thursday night, and his dad’s car was broken into on Friday night – all in Water Mill Close. ‘I fully understand the police have more serious crimes to attend to, but maybe if they came out when called they would have a better chance of catching the people doing this.’ But last week the force assured the public that vehicle crime was a ‘priority’. ‘Car cannibalism’ often sees thieves breaking in through a window to remove the bonnet, bumper and headlights – leaving the engine exposed. Another victim of the trend, Rebecca Scotland, told how her Citroen C1 was left undriveable by thieves. Her car was stripped – including the bumper, bonnet and lights – while she was at a Nina Nesbitt concert at the O2 Academy in the city. The 27-year-old had parked in Digbeth Public Car Park in November when the incident happened. She said they had smashed the passenger window so they could open the bonnet. Rebecca recalled: ‘As I was walking back to the car I thought something did not look right but I still had that after-concert glow. ‘As I got closer I saw what had happened. I just broke down, I have never been so distressed in my life. ‘That was the first time I had driven to Birmingham and I was quite pleased I had done the drive. ‘It looked like it had been done very professionally, nothing had been snapped and they knew what they were doing. ‘I’m traumatised by it. I will always be worried about leaving my car now, even on my own front doorstep. It’s left me shaken and feeling violated.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.