Tributes have been paid to a 74-year-old grandmother who was a ‘pillar of the community’ that was killed in a ‘random’ attack in a park. Lorna England was attacked and died in Ludwell Valley Park in Exeter, Devon, on Saturday. Her neighbours have told of their shock after hearing that the gran had died at the weekend. Cameron Davis, 30, appeared before Exeter Magistrates’ Court today accused of the murder of Ms England. During the brief hearing, the defendant from Exmouth, Devon, spoke only to confirm his date of birth and address. The court remanded him into custody and ordered him to appear before Exeter Crown Court on February 21. Paying tribute, several neighbours said Ms England had lived in the community for decades and was loved by many, according to the MailOnline. One neighbour, who wished to remain anonymous, said she was someone who had ‘always been here’ as a ‘pillar of the community’. ‘She’s lived here for years. We’ve lived here for quite some time, 14 years, and she would often walk past. She is one of those people who would have lived here forever,’ they added. ‘She was just a really nice lady, I would often chat to her. We used to go in and out of town on the bus together quite often. She was a very smart lady. ‘All of us local people walk exactly where she was walking when it happened on our way to Lidl. I do as well, gosh the number of times I’ve walked down there. It’s the way all of us go.’ Another neighbour said: ‘It’s shocking. I’ve known her since I moved in back in 1974. Our children grew up together. ‘It’s horrible to hear about – it’s very upsetting. I mean even I almost went for a walk up there on Saturday afternoon. ‘We did not initially know who it was, but when the age was released and with the police car outside her house, we put two and two together. ‘It’s just a tragedy, for her family and her husband.’ Another neighbour, 39-year-old Jade Smith, said: ‘This is where I walk my dog every day. Only a couple of hours before, I walked where she was killed. My daughter in law also works just up the road in Lidl. ‘For women in this day and age it’s scary enough as it is, but this was really terrifying. ‘It makes you feel very vulnerable. She was 74, but it was daytime. ‘I’m lucky because I’ve got a big dog who is lovely, but at least looks a bit intimidating. I’d be afraid walking here now if I didn’t.’ Police were called to the park around 4pm on Saturday following reports of an assault. Davis was arrested a few hours later in Exeter following a police appeal. During a press conference on Sunday, Devon and Cornwall Police said no motive or cause of death has yet been revealed and the murder investigation continues. Devon and Cornwall Police said they were ‘currently not looking for anyone else in connection to this offence’. During today’s hearing, magistrates remanded Davis in custody to appear at Exeter Crown Court tomorrow at 10am. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 