Police want to trace a ‘key witness’ who was seen in the area where Nicola Bulley went missing. CCTV images have been released of a woman, dressed in a yellow coat and pushing a pram, who was in St Michael’s on Wyre on the morning of January 27, when the mum-of-two was last seen. Search teams from Lancashire Constabulary are continuing to trawl the River Wyre, working on the hypothesis that Ms Bulley, from nearby Inskip, could have fallen in when she disappeared. The mortgage adviser’s family have questioned that theory, with her sister rLouise Cunningham urging people to ‘keep an open mind’. She wrote on Facebook that there is ‘no evidence whatsoever’ that she entered the water. In a statement published on the social media site, Lancashire Police said: ‘Officers leading the search for Nicola Bulley, who is missing in St Michael’s on Wyre, need to trace a key witness who they believe was in the area on the morning of Nicola’s disappearance. ‘A woman was seen walking on Garstang Road/Blackpool Road, St Michael’s on the morning of Friday January 27 pushing a pram. ‘She was seen walking from the direction of Allotment Lane towards The Grapes public house at approximately 8.22am and is seen again walking on Allotment Lane towards Garstang Road at 8.41am. ‘It is believed that the female in question may have walked along the river path during these times and so detectives want to speak to her and urge her to get in touch. ‘We are also appealing to anyone who was driving down Blackpool Lane/Garstang Lane on the morning of Friday January 27 between the times of 9am and 10am who has dash cam footage on their vehicles to make contact.’ Anyone with information or footage has been asked to call 101, quoting log 565 of January 30. Police believe Ms Bulley went missing in ‘a 10-minute window’ while she was walking her dog, Willow, close to the River Wyre, after dropping off her daughters – aged six and nine – at school. Ms Bulley had logged in to a Microsoft Teams call at 9.01am, which ended at 9.30am with her phone still connected to the call. She was seen by another dog walker at 9.10am – the last known sighting – and police traced telephony records of her mobile phone as it remained on a bench overlooking the river at 9.20am. The device was found by a dog walker at around 9.35am, with Willow nearby. In an interview with The Sun, Ms White said that police were working to get data off Ms Bulley’s Fitbit watch. ‘The Fitbit had not been synced since Tuesday,’ she said. ‘The police are trying other ways to try to get information from it.’ The police search has been aided by specialists and divers from HM Coastguard, mountain rescue, and Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service – with sniffer dogs, drones and police helicopters deployed. Detectives are also working behind the scenes to analyse CCTV and dashcam videos, and members of the public with footage which could be useful have been urged to come forward. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.