A ‘golf buggy’ has been unveiled as the latest tool to help police fight crime in Cornwall. Police bragged about the cart described as the first all-terrain transport of its type in the region. It is intended to tackle countryside crime in the hills of Bodmin Moor, like illegal raves, which have seen a rise in recent years. But after the unveiling of four-wheel Kubota, the Cornish could not resist to make a joke or two about how effective it will be. ‘It is just a golf cart with a siren. It looks very Micky Mouse. The only thing you are catching in that is a cold,’ one person said. Another joked: ‘This is giving me Hot Fuzz vibes.’ Others insisted it is ‘a total waste of taxpayers money’, with one local adding the cart will not be able to go through a hedge. The buggy is fully marked in police livery, boasts emergency lighting, a siren and is equipped with binoculars and a thermal imager. Despite the skepticism, Devon and Cornwall Police’s rural affairs officer, PC Chris Collins said it was chosen for ‘its durability and its ability to access challenging parts of the countryside in all weather conditions’. He added: ‘We responded to an increasing number of incidents on Bodmin Moor during the past few years, which included unlawful encampments, antisocial behaviour and unlicensed music events. ‘In response, we looked for ways to enhance our community policing of the area. ‘We often overlook the fact that Bodmin Moor is mostly privately owned, with many areas of common grazing land used for farming and livestock. ‘It is covered with designations such as Sites of Special Scientific Interest and access land and can be vulnerable to interference from unauthorised activity. ‘This ATV will enable us to see and be seen by communities in villages and hamlets across the moor to support our communities no matter the weather or state of terrain. ‘We can remind people of the need to respect the countryside, livestock and communities in challenging situations where off road access may be the answer to life or death for an animal or person exploring the moor.’ The funding for the new addition was supported by a range of partners including the Devon and Cornwall Police and Crime Commissioner Alison Hernandez. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.