Now that Love Island star Tanyel Revan has been dumped from the villa, she’s setting the record straight over the speculation that there could be more to her friendship with Ron Hall. During tonight’s episode of the ITV2 programme, the 26-year-old was axed from the show after being left as the last girl standing during a recoupling ceremony, when Jordan Odofin chose to save Ellie Spence over her. Plenty of the islanders looked emotional over her departure, including Ron and Lana Jenkins, both of whom she’s described as her best friends. During Tanyel’s time on the 2023 series of Winter Love Island, many viewers voiced their opinion that perhaps a romance could blossom between her and Ron, after they spoke about enjoying spooning each other in bed and made out passionately during challenges. However, shortly after being eliminated, Tanyel denied that was ever the case, stressing that she didn’t think there was a romantic connection between them. ‘I’m glad I coupled up with him the first time around because if I hadn’t done that I wouldn’t have realised how good a friendship we could have,’ the hair stylist said. ‘What made me realise it was just a friendship between us was as soon as we coupled up, we couldn’t flirt. It’s like the flirting went out the window. ‘I didn’t expect to get on with him that well. He’s my best friend. When I get married one day, I want him to be there with Lana! Genuinely, I think he’ll be my friend for life.’ Tanyel admitted that she was backing Ron and Lana to win the competition, recalling: ‘I said to him when I was leaving, “If you let me down, that’s our friendship done.” ‘I’m so happy they’re together. I feel like they’re the strongest couple and they have the most genuine feelings for each other. I hope he won’t let me down!’ Tanyel said that while she thinks that Ron and Lana are a ‘good match’, she believes Lana needs to ‘back herself more’ in their relationship. She continued to enthuse over how ‘loyal’ and ‘caring’ Ron is, saying that while she can’t trust ‘just anyone’, Ron is among those she can place her faith in. ‘I know if I say something to him it won’t go anywhere else. I think he’s got a pure heart and genuine intentions. He’s got the best personality, genuinely – I just don’t fancy him!’ she said. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tanyel Revan takes it on the chin as she’s dumped from Love Island villa MORE : Is spooning your mate no big deal? Love Island’s got us talking about platonic boundaries 