As money worries continue to be felt by everyone, little luxuries like a casual meal out with the family can feel out of reach. Thankfully, lots of high street chains are offering some bargain deals to help out – from KFC’s free bucket of chicken to and Iceland’s free roast dinners. And now pub chain, Greene King, are running a month-long meal deal offering a family of four a main course each for just £20. Their ‘Feed the Family’ deal, which runs until 26 February, offers two selected adult main meals and two children meals for just £15 or £20 – depending on where you eat. You’re able to choose from a number of classics – including fish and chips, lasagna, and mac and cheese. And as an added bonus, another child can eat for just £1 when purchasing the deal. Greene King launched the cut price deal after research revealed that one in five Brits share a family meal together less than once a month. The study reveals how classic family mealtime has changed over the years, and how the cost of living crisis has had an impact on family traditions. Over 28% of families say they only eat out when there is a deal on, and many favour cost and other cost saving tactics – such as choosing the cheapest items on the menu and ordering tap water instead of purchasing a drink. For other families, work life balance means they struggle to find time to gather around the dinner table. Over half of those surveyed admitted to not eating together due to work and scheduling issues, while 30% felt that working from home affected their evening meals. The research also revealed that technology also impacts sharing family meals – with 56% regularly watching TV while having dinner, an almost half of respondents say that they spend too much time scrolling on their phones. Despite this, the majority of those polled believed that eating together is a good chance to spend quality time together. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Salt Bae pledges to serve ‘unlimited’ food to 5,000 people in Turkey after earthquake disaster MORE : Feasting on the food of love: Sweet treats for Valentine’s Day indulgence MORE : How to get a free bucket of KFC this month