Halle Berry took one hell of a tumble at a charity event this week, quite literally falling flat on her face. The A-lister was speaking at an event in LA on Wednesday when she lost her footing while walking onto stage. The whole thing was captured on camera and Oscar-winner Halle recovered like a total boss, shaking her head when she eventually made it to the podium before warning those in attendance: ‘Ok, if I see this on the internet, Van’s [Hunt, her partner] coming for you.’ Halle posted the footage on her own social media account and hilariously captioned her post: ‘Sometimes you bust your ass!’ The 56-year-old went on: ‘What happened was…. My dear friend @shillahekmatpiano invited me to speak at her charity event celebrating a wonderful organization called @lookingbeyondla that raises money for children with special needs… then that happened!!! ‘I face planted. If you can go to lookingbeyondla.com and donate. Children are worth it!’ Many of her 8.1million followers praised how well she handled herself in the embarrassing situation, leaving comments like: ‘Way to take a blunder and turn it into a positive’ and ‘You got up like the champ you are!’ As Halle joked to the audience that her partner would be having words should the footage surface online, the crowd could be heard bursting into laughter. The Catwoman star has been dating singer Van since 2020 and last year they cemented their love with a ‘commitment ceremony’ which the former confirmed was led by her son Maceo. Speaking to AARP The Magazine in January 2022, doting mum Halle revealed: ‘My son, Maceo, of his own volition did this little commitment ceremony for us in the back seat of the car. I think he finally sees me happy, and it’s infectious. It was his way of saying, This is good. I like this. This makes me happy.’ The actress added: ‘It was a very real moment for all of us. I teared up, Van was fighting back tears. Even Maceo knew he’d said something poignant. It meant a lot to us. ‘I have two children with two different fathers. Van has a son. As a mom living this modern, blended family, all I care about is that my kids are OK with the decisions I’m making.’ Halle shares her daughter Nahla with Gabriel Aubry, and her son Maceo with Olivier Martinez. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Idris Elba doubles down on why he doesn’t call himself a ‘Black actor’ as John Boyega weighs in MORE : Harry Styles and Stanley Tucci’s bromance caught on camera at Brit Awards and people can’t handle it  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 