Andrew Lloyd Webber will be providing the soundtrack at King Charles III’s coronation this spring, after accepting a request to compose an anthem for the historic event. Following the death of Queen Elizabeth II in September, the King will be crowned on May 6 at Westminster Abbey in a celebration set to be watched by millions across the world. All eyes are currently on the sure-to-be star-studded guestlist with A-listers, such as Sir Paul McCartney, tipped to be involved in the festivities. West End legend Lloyd Webber has now confirmed that he will be composing music for the coronation. In a tweet on Sunday, the 74-year-old musician wrote: ‘I am incredibly honoured to have been asked to compose a new anthem for The Coronation. My anthem includes words adapted from Psalm 98. ‘I have scored it for the Westminster Abbey choir and organ, the ceremonial brass and orchestra.’ Alongside a picture of him greeting The King on a previous occasion, he concluded: ‘I hope my anthem reflects this joyful occasion.’ Lloyd Webber is best known for helming iconic West End productions such as The Phantom of the Opera, Cats and Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. Classical music from composers such as William Byrd, George Handel and Sir Edward Elgar will be featured, alongside new music including six pieces for orchestra, five choral works and a piece for the organ. The new music will be composed by Lloyd Webber, Patrick Doyle, Iain Farrington, Sarah Class, Nigel Hess, Paul Mealor, Tarik O’Regan, Roxanna Panufnik, Shirley J. Thompson, Judith Weir, Roderick Williams and Debbie Wiseman. It comes after reports that pop megastars Adele and Ed Sheeran had turned down invitations to perform at the coronation concert, due to being ‘too busy’ for His Majesty. ‘The King has suggested a number of people he would like to perform and Adele and Ed were on that list,’ a source claimed. ‘He was very keen that they were part of the concert.’ They added to Mail on Sunday: ‘There is a team set up to get the talent signed up so they approached the two of them, but got replies saying that they were unavailable, which was a massive disappointment. ‘They are titans of the showbiz industry and are quintessentially British but also known across the globe.’ ‘It’s such a shame,’ the insider claimed. Beatles legend Sir Paul, 80, was previously said to be a frontrunner to perform at the coronation, but he is yet to be confirmed. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele and Ed Sheeran both ‘turned down’ invitations to perform at King Charles’ Coronation MORE : Gary Lucy reveals ‘impossible’ situation caused Laura Anderson split before pregnancy reveal 