Coming up with new ideas for filling your kids’ lunchboxes just got a lot easier. A children’s food creator has designed a series of lunchbox recipes, where everything can be bought for under a fiver from Britain’s lowest-priced supermarket, Aldi. From healthier twists on sausage rolls and pepperoni pizzas to classic snacking staples, the recipes are designed to keep lunchboxes exciting while keeping costs down. The Lunchbox Mama, Rachel Stirling, said she recognises that lunchtimes can be a struggle for many parents. ‘Coming up with new ideas to make lunchboxes both fun and great value is a real challenge – especially when families are having to tighten their belts,’ she said. These snacks are packed with all the nutritional value needed to see children through the school day while keeping things interesting – and they’ve arrived just in time for the new half term. Makes: 12 Prep time: 5 minutes Cooking time: 12-14 minutes (plus cooling time) This pork and apple breakfast muffin sandwich comes in at 54p per portion and is a healthier, fun spin on the breakfast muffin. 500g Ashfields 100% British 5% Fat Lean Pork Mince 1 small Wonky Brown Onion (approx. 50g) 1 Mini British Apple 1 Toasting Muffin 1 Emporium Kids Original Cheese Slice ½ tsp Stonemill Garlic Granules Preheat the oven to 200°C and place a 9cm circular cookie cutter on a baking tray (you will need two trays in total, so have both ready!) Tip pork mince into a medium-sized mixing bowl. Grate the apple and onion, and add to the pork mince along with garlic granules (and a little black pepper if you’d like). Using your hands, combine everything in the mixing bowl. Use a knife to roughly divide the mixture into quarters in the bowl. Remove one quarter and split into three on a plate. Take one portion of the meat mixture, roll it into a ball and then squash. Place this inside the cookie cutter and press it out evenly (you can do this with a teaspoon if you’d rather). When you have removed the cookie cutter you should have a perfectly round patty! Repeat for all 12 patties. Pop the trays in the oven for 12-14 minutes, flipping halfway. Once fully cooked through, remove from the baking tray and cool on a cooling rack. Once fully cooled you can transfer them to a tub to put in the fridge or freeze them flat in freezer bags until needed. Pop the Toasting Muffin in the toaster, then transfer to cooling rack to cool. Once both items are fully cool assemble your sandwich by sparingly buttering the muffin and adding the patty and cheese slice, and pack with an ice pack. OPTIONAL: Add a little pot of reduced sugar ketchup for dunking, if you have a ketchup fan. Ingredients for one Breakfast Muffin Sandwich as above costs 54p. To make into a full lunchbox, pack with: • 1/5 Dessert Menu Strawberry Flavour Jelly • 1 British Mini Pear • 1 Nature’s Pick Carrot • ¼ Pack of Asia Specialities Lightly Salted Rice Crackers Makes 12 Prep time: 15 mins Cooking time: 20-25 mins (plus cooling time) Rachel says: ‘The perfect crowd pleaser and enough for the whole family, as this recipe makes 12 swirls. I pack two per child with some extras, but it depends on your child’s appetite!’ The veggie swirls come in at 39p per portion (two swirls) and are packed with peppers and tomato. 1 Greenvale Puff Pastry Ready Rolled 1 small Nature’s Pick Red Onion 100g Everyday Essentials Cherry Tomatoes ½ Nature’s Pick Loose Red Pepper 100g Emporium British Medium Cheddar Take puff pastry out of the fridge and leave to come up to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 200°C and line two baking trays with parchment paper / reusable silicon mats. Finely chop all the veggies. Add red onions to a frying pan with a splash of oil and gently fry until softened. Add the peppers and tomatoes and cook for a further few minutes. Unroll pastry sheet and top with the vegetable mix, spreading it out evenly across the sheet leaving an inch wide gap along one long side. Top with grated cheddar. With a pastry brush, add a little milk or water to the ‘gap’ edge of the pastry. Starting with the long edge without the gap, start rolling the pastry up, keeping it as tight as possible (you can roll forwards a bit, then tuck the roll back and under to keep it tight). When fully rolled, use the dampened edge to stick the roll together. Cut the long roll in half, then quarters. Then cut each quarter into three slices – this should give you 12 even slices. Brush with milk. TIPS FOR CUTTING:  You can remove a thin slice at each end first – this will give you 12 neat slices. Use a bread knife to cut you slices, gently saw rather than pressing down to keep your swirls in circles rather than squished shapes! Bake for 20-25 mins until golden brown. Cool fully on a cooling rack before packing for lunches. Ingredients for two swirls as above costs 39p. To make into a full lunchbox, pack with: • 20g Everyday Essentials ‘Wonky’ Blueberries • ½ Nature’s Pick Carrot • Mamia Organic Strawberry & Apple Oaty Bar • Little Delights Fromage Frais Makes: 24 (4-6 per portion): Prep time: 15 minutes Cooking time: 15 minutes (plus cooling time) Rachel said: ‘If your kids love sausages, then try them on this healthier sausage roll made with just three ingredients: chicken sausages, tortilla wraps and a carrot. The chicken and carrot mini sausage rolls cost 70p per portion. 10 Ashfields Italian Style Chicken Chipolata 8 Village Bakery Mini Tortilla Wraps 1 Nature’s Pick Carrot (medium sized) Preheat the oven to 200°C and line two baking trays with parchment paper / reusable silicon mats. Remove the skin from the sausages and put the sausage meat into a large flat dish. Peel and finely grate carrot, then place inside some kitchen towel / a clean tea towel and squeeze out most of the moisture (this will stop your sausage rolls getting soggy). Add to the sausage meat. Using the back of a fork, mash the carrot and sausage meat together so it is all evenly combined. Using a knife, cut the mixture into eight portions. Take one eighth of the sausage meat mixture and place it on a mini wrap, at about a third of the way up. Using your fingers, make a long sausage shape with the meat mixture, then roll the wrap from the bottom up. Cut into three even sized pieces and place on your lined baking tray. Repeat on all wraps. Note: if some of the wraps are pinging open a bit, you can secure them with a wooden cocktail stick. Brush with a little milk, then bake for 15 minutes, until golden brown. Be sure to check the sausage is cooked all the way through with a meat thermometer. Enjoy warm at home or fully cool on a cooling rack before packing with an ice pack. Ingredients for 6 mini sausage rolls as above costs 70p. To make into a full lunchbox, pack with: • Little Delights Fromage Frais • Mini Banana • Cucumber Makes 12 Prep time: 10 minutes Cooking time: 20 minutes Rachel said: ‘Some days are made better by a little chocolate pick me up! ‘Swap a chocolate bar for a homemade brownie muffin made with natural yogurt and courgettes for some extra, hidden goodness (just make sure you finely grate the courgette to keep it hidden for fussy easters!)’ The chocolate and courgette brownie muffin comes cost just 20p per portion. 200g The Panty Self Raising Flour 30g The Pantry Cocoa Powder 100g Dark Brown Sugar 1 Nature’s Pick Courgette 200g Brooklea Greek Style Natural Yogurt 1 Merevale Large British Free Range Egg 85g Cowbelle British Unsalted Butter 100g Everyday Essentials Dark Chocolate Heat the oven to 220°C. Sift flour and cocoa powder into a large mixing bowl. Add the sugar and stir to combine. Finely grate the courgette onto a clean tea towel, then squeeze to remove excess moisture. Place dry courgette in a separate bowl. Beat the egg then add to the courgette, along with yogurt and melted butter. Mix, then add to the dry ingredients. Chop the chocolate bar into small chunks then add to the mixing bowl. Mix to bring everything together. If it seems a little dry you can add a tbsp milk to help bring it together. Divide the mixture between 12 muffin cases and pop in the hot oven. Bake at 220°C for 5 minutes then reduce the heat to 180°C and cook for another 15-17 minutes. Check with a cake tester (or cocktail stick) that when inserted it comes out cleanly – this will tell you the muffins are cooked through. Cool in the tin for 5 minutes before removing to a cooling rack to cool completely before packing. Ingredients for one muffin as above costs 20p. To make into a full lunchbox, pack with: • Breadsticks • Cheese Spread (10p) • Strawberries • Red Pepper • Hard-boiled egg Makes: one pitta pizza Prep time: 5 minutes Cooking time: 5 minutes What kid wouldn’t want to find pizza in their lunchbox. Rachel said: ‘Pizza is always a win with my fussy eaters! Make this quick lunchtime version in just five minutes – a great lunchbox main with carbs, protein and added veggies. ‘You don’t have to cut your peppers into hearts, but if you have a veg avoider, then it might help! This one comes in at just 54p per portion.’ 200g The Pantry Self Raising Flour 30g The Pantry Cocoa Powder 100g Dark Brown Sugar 1 Nature’s Pick Courgette 200g Brooklea Greek Style Natural Yogurt 1 Merevale Large British Free Range Egg 85g Cowbelle British Unsalted Butter 100g Everyday Essentials Dark Chocolate Heat the oven to 220°C. Sift flour and cocoa powder into a large mixing bowl. Add the sugar and stir to combine. Finely grate the courgette onto a clean tea towel, then squeeze to remove excess moisture. Place dry courgette in a separate bowl. Beat the egg then add to the courgette, along with yogurt and melted butter. Mix, then add to the dry ingredients. Chop the chocolate bar into small chunks then add to the mixing bowl. Mix to bring everything together. If it seems a little dry you can add a tbsp milk to help bring it together. Divide the mixture between 12 muffin cases and pop in the hot oven. Bake at 220°C for 5 minutes then reduce the heat to 180°C and cook for another 15-17 minutes. Check with a cake tester (or cocktail stick) that when inserted it comes out cleanly – this will tell you the muffins are cooked through. Cool in the tin for 5 minutes before removing to a cooling rack to cool completely before packing. Ingredients for one muffin as above costs 20p. To make into a full lunchbox, pack with: • Breadsticks • Cheese Spread (10p) • Strawberries • Red Pepper • Hard-boiled egg Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Three easy tomato-free salad recipes to make amid the vegetable shortage MORE : Recipe ideas and hacks for healthy eating from a tin – and on a budget MORE : Chef shares ‘healthier’ recipe for homemade version of a McChicken Sandwich