Nobody likes alarm clocks, but Ben Shephard finds a certain type to be the absolute bane of his life. The Tipping Point host is generally calm and collected, but lost his cool on Friday’s episode of Good Morning Britain when he launched into a tirade against alarm clocks. Ben, 48, has a particular vendetta against sunrise alarm clocks, which rather than ringing at a certain time, slowly becomes brighter over the course of an hour or so. The idea is that the person wakes up in a more natural way than being rudely awoken by a high-pitched alarm, however Ben is, to put it lightly, not a fan. Complaining about the product – which his wife is a fan of – on Friday’s episode, he raised his voice as he pleaded: ‘JUST TURN THE BLOODY LIGHT ON.’ ‘It’s the most infuriating thing, it takes forever for her to wake up and turn it off! It takes maybe 20 minutes for it to maybe get to the full brightness, and by then I’m furious and I’m wide awake and I’m like FOR GOODNESS SAKE, WILL YOU JUST TURN THE LIGHT OFF! He added wearily: ‘Apparently it’s supposed to be calming.’ Co-host Kate Garraway was delighted by the outburst, pointing out that Ben’s face had ‘gone bright red with fury,’ and addressed his wife Annie saying it was ‘good to know the things that make you happy annoy Ben.’ Viewers of the show found the out-of-character rant hilarious, with some taking to social media to agree with him. Kate read out several comments on-air, with one viewer noting they had ‘never seen Ben so angry,’ and another agreeing they hated the clocks, which have become popular in the last few years. The chaotic segment comes after Thursday’s episode descended into chaos, with two presenters making NSFW blunders bright and early in the morning. Andi Peters first made the faux-pas when Kate introduced the competition, saying Andi had the ‘biggest prize of the year so far.’ To which he replied:  ‘I did wonder what you were going to say, he’s got the biggest… wahey!’ Later, Richard Arnold was talking about his interview with Last Of Us star Pedro pascal, but instead of saying ‘success’ he  declared to the studio that he had spoken to Pedro ‘about his sex-‘ before immediately backtracking and bursting into laughter. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV and ITVX Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Good Morning Britain descends into chaos with penis jokes and X-rated blunders first thing in the morning MORE : Good Morning Britain descends into shouting match with Big Brother star during debate over diamond from India in royal Crown Jewels  