A council will refund at least £106,000 to fined drivers after admitting one of its road signs was unclear. Cars are banned from driving outside Henry Cavendish primary school in Balham, south-west London, during school collection times – from 8.15am to 9.15am and 2.45pm to 3.45pm – every weekday. A sign put up in May was supposed to inform drivers of this rule but people complained it did not obviously show the road was closed. They also said the sign was positioned too high for motorists to see before turning into the street. Lambeth Council issued 1,635 fines in the seven months which followed, charging £130 but reduced to £65 if paid within two weeks. If everyone was charged £65, that amounts to £106,275 in total, rising to as much as £212,550 at the higher rate. Almost 400 drivers challenged the fines, but only 10 of them were refunded. But now, after lobbying by residents and opposition councillors, the local authority has agreed to refund all fines issued between May and December 9. Despite this, bosses still insist the sign was ‘compliant’ with laws on road signs and no one has made an official apology. Lib Dem councillor Donna Harris said: ‘This is a right shambles from Lambeth Council, which has angered many residents in my ward who’ve been unfairly fined. ‘You have to ask: “Why didn’t the council put the right signage up in the first place and why did it take them months to admit their mistake?” ‘I’m pleased the council has agreed to repay the fines but those who were hit with fines will be disappointed there was no contrition or apology.’ Ms Harris asked Labour’s councillor Rezina Chowdhury for any apology at a meeting last Wednesday. But Ms Chowdhury ignored the request and simply said: ‘Yes, as residents raised this issue with us, we have improved the signage. ‘I can confirm that we will cancel all PCNs issued up until December 9 [when the signage was updated] and refund any PCNs that have been paid.’ The council said: ‘We acknowledged that the signage in place at this location, although compliant, needed better positioning. ‘We have therefore taken the decision to refund any penalty charge notices issued and will cancel any that are outstanding.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.