Jake Paul has revealed that he and Tommy Fury have already held talks over a rematch after their fight in Saudi Arabia on Sunday evening. Fury won via split decision as two judges scored the fight 76-73 in his favour, while the other judge scored the contest 75-74 for Paul. Paul, who has now suffered the first defeat of his professional career, inserted a rematch clause as part of his deal with Fury and is keen for a second fight against the 23-year-old. ‘He was exactly the fighter I expected him to be,’ Paul said after his loss in Riyadh. ‘I think his combinations were the thing that were a bit more impressive. ‘But more so it was a reflection of my own performance and me just not fighting the way I know I can. ‘I think I’ve got to go and get this one back. ‘KSI is yet to fight a real opponent, so we don’t even know his actual skill level, but obviously that’s still a massive fight. But I’m going to go back for this rematch. ‘I just talked to Tommy back in the medical room, he’s like, ‘let’s go, let’s do it again’. He’s down for it. ‘That’ll be the focus first and foremost. I’m going to prove and fighter a better fight than I did tonight and get that W.’ Asked what they said to each other in the ring after the fight, Paul said: ‘We just said respect, that was a good war, a good fight. ‘He was impressed by the skill, he said I’ve been doing this since I was six years old, you’ve been doing it for three years, you put up a war. ‘It was cool. I love the sport for this reason. You can be enemies before, saying all this crazy stuff and then when you beat the blood out of each other there’s just respect there. That’s why this sport is so cool.’ Asked if he wants the rematch, Fury said: ‘Oh 100 per cent. ‘At the end of the day this was my first main event, the world was watching this fight. I have this experience behind me now, so when I go into another big night like this I’ll have this behind me and know how to cope with it. Having been in the ring with Jake once, I know I’ll get the stoppage next time.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 