The Gay Gooners have an interesting long-term goal – to not exist. Founded ten years ago today, the group provides a safe space for LGBT Arsenal fans to come together and attend games as one. Members have fearlessly campaigned over the years, most recently with the Qatar World Cup. As trailblazers, they have also encouraged other football teams in the UK to start their very own dedicated clubs tailored to gay supporters. It is hoped that, one day, there will be no need for dedicated LGBT supporters groups, when homophobia is firmly kicked out the footballing world once and for all. The group’s campaign officer, Jacob Jefferson, admits that time is a ‘long way off. The 23-year-old first realised the Gay Gooners existed when he saw their rainbow flag hanging in the stands of the Emirates. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘I’d been going to games since I was 7 or 8 and regularly from the age of 14 onwards. I saw the Gay Gooners flag then I think I read about them in the programme. ‘I was 18 when I finally decided to join. I felt like I could be myself, because at the time it was hard to be openly gay around football fans. ‘I’m 23 now and have loved my time with the group. For the guys who set it up ten years ago, the anniversary is really special. ‘Our aim really is not to need to exist, but we know we’re a long way off that.’ The Gay Gooners have worked tirelessly to address problems such as homophobic chants and discrimination from the stands. Straight allies are calling out the behaviour more and more, but there’s still lengths to be reached before the stands can be a safe space for everyone. Gay Gooners members had also taken a stand during the Qatar World Cup to highlight the host nation’s attitudes toward LGBTQ+ people. They felt it was ‘hugely important’ to speak out, despite the backlash they faced from some football fans. In the lead-up to their 10th birthday, the Gay Gooners Twitter account has shared various stories from members. The official Arsenal account retweeted one, the story of a fan called Selena, and members were dismayed to see a flood of negative comments. But the club took a stand – and confirmed it had blocked a number of accounts. A statement from Arsenal had read: ‘We strive to ensure that everyone connected to Arsenal feels an equal sense of belonging. ‘We will continue to celebrate our supporters’ diversity and continue a zero-tolerance approach to discrimination.’ Jacob added: ‘We think our club goes a long way to make sure we are appreciated and welcomed. ‘There’s always more to be done but to have that support is really important. ‘We see ourselves as a trailblazer for other LGBT supporters groups and we’re seeing more and more clubs link up with them, which is great.’ The rise of women’s football has also led to a wave of new LGBT support for Arsenal as a whole. Arsenal Women boasts two country captains – Ireland’s Katie McCabe and England’s Leah Williamson – in their squad. Their own club captain, Kim Little, was previously vice-captain for Scotland. As women’s sport viewership boomed since the Lionesses’ Euros success, Arsenal have seen many new fans of both genders. In 2021, McCabe had recalled her first time seeing the Gay Gooners flag at the Emirates – and the impact it had. She said: ‘It was way before I signed, I was coming over as a fan from Dublin. ‘I remember seeing the Gay Gooners flag hanging inside the stadium and it was massive for me. Immediately I felt a part of it and I felt a part of the club. I remember thinking “OK, if I’m gay here, that’s absolutely fine”. ‘It was a great factor knowing that when the day did come that Arsenal wanted to sign me, I knew I was going to be accepted. ‘That was warming for me and it is credit to all the work Gay Gooners have done, and that the club have done in supporting them.’ Membership of the Gay Gooners – which includes straight allies – has reached 1,370 members across 51 countries. It’s made history as the first and largest LGBT+ football supporters’ group in England and hopes to grow even more over the coming year. The group holds regular meet-ups before home games, organises group trips to away matches and represents the club at the annual London pride parade every summer. Jacob added: ‘We do still get negative comments online – but in the stands it is completely different now. There’s huge support and things are changing. ‘Sometimes it’s easier not to engage with trolls, but’s reached the stage now that making a statement makes more of a difference. So to see Arsenal block accounts and make their own stand is good to see. ‘All of us are just so proud to have been around for 10 years and seen the difference the Gay Gooners have made, the influence it’s had. It’s just so special to be a part of that.’ Arsenal’s chief executive officer Vinai Venkatesham described the group as ‘true trailblazers and fearless campaigners’. ‘They have had a profound influence on ensuring visibility for the LGBT+ community in football and wider sport. ‘They embody the values of the club with a determination to push forward in a courageous pursuit of progress. We’re so proud of their ground breaking work and everyone at Arsenal wishes Gaygooners a very happy 10th anniversary.’ To find out more about the club, click here