Could Britain see a return to panic buying amid widespread food shortages? Supermarkets, already rocked by the cost-of-living crisis, Brexit and the Russia-Ukraine war, have started rationing selected fruit and vegetables. A combination of what retailers say are bad weather, transport problems and poor harvests in Africa and Europe have left produce shelves left bare in recent days. Morrisons has placed limits on how many tomatoes, cucumbers, lettuce, and peppers shoppers can pop in their baskets and trolleys. While Asda is limiting customers to three items on eight fresh-produce lines – including broccoli, cauliflower, raspberries and lettuces. Aldi set out purchase limits on certain salad vegetables yesterday (limit of three units of peppers, cucumbers and tomatoes) with Tescos following an hour later. Sainsbury’s, Waitrose and the Co-op are not currently planning to introduce constraints. One shopper who tried to buy 100 cucumbers has already been swiftly reprimanded. While shoppers see bare shelves and empty boxes, there is a far more cluttered backdrop to the supply issues in supermarkets today. Jens Roehrich is a professor of supply chain innovation at the University Bath, School of Management (UK). Pinning down a reason behind the supply chaos is no simple task, he explained. Professor Roehrich told Metro.co.uk: ‘The supply chains behind our daily vegetables and fruits are complex and often very long with multiple firms – 10s if not even 100s of firms – in different geographical locations who have to work together smoothly in order for us to buy veg or fruit in our local supermarket. ‘Disruptions (and their management) to supply chains are more common than we think. ‘For now, we don’t have a lot of information available to analyse the disruption in more detail. ‘Most sources refer to “difficult weather conditions” for “disrupting harvests” in parts of Europe and Africa. While this is definitely a problem, this might not be the only cause. ‘At the moment, it is mainly speculation as more information is missing, but other causes could relate to staff shortages – from pickers to drivers to logistics handling personnel to get fruit from the grower to the supermarket shelves.’ Professor Roehrich also pointed to other supply chains, such as large farms, being prioritised over tomatoes and salad greens. He also stressed that farmers and growers are battling rising utility bills like the rest of us, and can no longer afford to run expensive greenhouses. This means that warmth-loving plants when planted outside of greenhouses take a little bit longer to grow, leading to delays. Tim Lang, the Emeritus Professor of Food Policy at the City University of London’s Centre for Food Policy, also has a few ideas about why this has happened now. ‘The food system is designed on “just-in-time” logistics,’ he said. “There’s no storage. So if things go wrong, disruption in supplies is quick to emerge. ‘The current disruption and loss of supplies have been emerging for some time. ‘The weekly monitor by The Grocer, for example, known as the Grocer-33, has found availability dropping for some time. By last November, it was about 91% whereas it used to be 97%. ‘This drop is due to global factors, Brexit border delays, volatility of world food prices, a steady flood of ‘events’ such as gas prices, trade wars, climate emergencies, and reliance on satellite-based logistics which can be disrupted.’ It was inevitable, to say the least, that the food supply would eventually buckle under all this pressure, professor Lang added. ‘The UK doesn’t feed itself; nothing like. In perishable goods – fruit and veg – it’s heavily reliant on mostly European land and labour,’ he said. ‘The snow in Morocco exposes how that as a source of farming is simply an extension of Spain’s, often the same companies.’ Crisis events have, unfortunately, become a ‘fairly common’ problem facing supply chains,’ added Professor Roehrich. While the war in Ukraine and covid-19 pandemic may come to mind first, issues like Hurricane Katrina, the Eyjafjallajokull volcano eruption and even pirate attacks off the coast of Somalia have all dictated the state of our supermarket shelves over the years. Climate change certainly isn’t making getting food to our tables any easier, said Dr Tilly Collins, senior fellow and deputy director for the Centre for Environmental Policy at Imperial College London. ‘Weather and climate are seeing greater variation which makes agricultural production less predictable,’ she said, ‘the current shortage of some crops in our supermarkets is driven by several things that have crashed together.’ One example is the cold snap that dusted so much of southern Europe and northern Africa with snow, Dr Collins said. The bitter weather ‘held back crops grown there so these are not ripe and ready yet and our international trading is impeded by Brexit-related uncertainty’. ‘We expect to see plentiful out-of-season produce on our shelves (Winter is not tomato season here) and for this, we depend on other countries to grow, sell and ship them to us. Sometimes it’s not entirely smooth,’ she adds. The most important thing to avoid during any disruption is panic buying, Professor Roehrich added. But winter making way for Spring will give Britain’s supply sector a welcome reprieve. He added: ‘Going into spring and summer will mean that supermarkets will start sourcing some of the produce more locally. ‘In the long-term, some of the disruptions will also accelerate the progress of more innovative approaches or restructuring of supply chains to, for example, consider more local produce. ‘However, such changes will only be possible if underpinned by policy.’ The UK Government could drive to support local farming which could in turn encourage customers to increase their efforts to buy homegrown products which would bring down costs, reduce carbon footprint and ease pressure on supply chains. But Environment Secretary Therese Coffey ducked out of a major farmer’s union conference yesterday when asked about the supermarket shortages. Not taking any questions at the National Farmers’ Union (NFU) conference, she simply told worried farmers: ‘We can’t control the weather in Spain.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.