A witness said he saw two men acting suspiciously close to where Nicola Bulley went missing as she walked her dog, it has been claimed. Police are said to have taken further CCTV footage from a garage close to the spot the mum-of-two was last seen in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire. As the search for Ms Bulley enters the 17th day, a witness is believed to have come forward after seeing the two men outside of a nearby church. Allegedly the same person told police he saw one of the men close to Ms Bulley’s usual route on the morning she vanished. Police this weekend announced an investigation into reports of a ‘shabby’ red van seen near where she went missing. It was seen close to Nicola’s walking route on the morning she disappeared, parked in a lane near the school where she dropped her two daughters before walking her dog by the river. The vehicle was described by a witness as being a faded red-coloured high-sided Renault or Transit. Nicola, 45, went missing while walking her dog Willow more than two weeks ago in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancs. A garage worker, told The Sun: ‘Two smartly dressed officers came in following up, a man and a woman. ‘They wanted the CCTV from the day before Nicola vanished and to take statements of any activity we had seen from that day. ‘These officers were different to the ones in uniform, they seemed very assertive.’ The employee said of the church sighting: ‘I know who the witness is and he has already called police about what he saw. ‘But he said he wanted to make sure they were chasing this up so I asked the officers about it and they said they were following it up.’ He added: ‘He saw what he saw and wanted to make sure the police followed it up. ‘Whether them collecting the CCTV from the same day is connected, I don’t know.’ After more than two weeks looking for the mum, Ms Bulley’s partner, Paul Ansell, yesterday suggested the phone and dog harness found on the bench where Nicola Bulley vanished could be a ‘decoy’. The mum-of-two disappeared while walking her springer spaniel dog Willow alongside the River Wyre in St Michael’s on Wyre on January 27. Speaking to 5 News presenter Dan Walker, Mr Ansell said he wants to keep ‘all options open’ about her disappearance. He sat down with Dan Walker to explain the couple’s ‘totally normal’ morning routine on the day she went missing. He and Nicola had sat down and watched television before going to bed separately, he explained. Dan asked if she had mentioned any ‘struggle’ or if ‘anything was wrong’, to which Paul responded no. Family and friends of Nicola have questioned the police theory that she probably fell into the water while walking her dog, after dropping her children off at school on January 27. And the underwater search expert called in to help look for her said the case is a ‘complete mystery’ after failing to find any sign of her. The focus of the search for the missing mum Bulley has now extended further downstream, near to where the River Wyre reaches the Irish Sea at Morecambe Bay. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.