‘When they said their vows, I just had to style it out like they were happy tears,’ says Laura*, who sat through her ex’s wedding last year. ‘I’m pretty sure our mates knew. It was mortifying.’ Laura* and Roshelle* were ‘one of those inseparable couples’ at university, but broke up shortly after graduation when they returned to different parts of the country. ‘She always wanted to settle down, move in together, save money,’ says Laura, now 29 and living in London. ‘I wanted to travel, explore, just… I don’t know…be young? It sounds like a cliché, but that’s how it was.’ They ended things on good terms and still saw each other a few times a year with mutual friends. Then, Roshelle got a new girlfriend. Then, she got engaged. And Laura had to watch their nuptials from the sidelines. ‘I felt a bit weird when the invite came through, but seeing her in the dress…it just hit me,’ Laura tells Metro.co.uk. ‘She had her hair up, I noticed the tattoo on the back of her neck. I used to stroke that tattoo. The room suddenly felt hot. ‘Also, none of us even really knew her new wife. I think I realised in that moment everything we used to have, and how much we’d grown apart.’ Laura thinks she’ll probably avoid social occasions with the pair going forwards, and according to experts, the emotions she experienced are not unique. It’s common for feelings of romantic regret or unrequited love to surface at weddings, psychotherapist Lucy Beresford says, but guests rarely jump on the opportunity to say ‘I object!’ on cue. ‘It’s a topic that comes up not just in my consulting room, but over the years among friends and colleagues,’ she says. ‘I had one colleague who went to seven weddings where the girl was marrying the boy she dated immediately after him.’ Weddings can be very emotional occasions, she adds, not helped by the fact that we’re socially conditioned to see romantic pairings as something ‘that ought to happen’. ‘Whether that’s true in reality for many people is beside the point,’ says Lucy. ‘Our culture, from fairy tales onwards, paints marriage as a goal. ‘We are very imitative creatures, and when we see a couple standing at the altar, a part of our brain can easily slip into imagining what this would feel like if it was us standing there.’ If you secretly adore one of the couple, this imagining can ‘become very painful’, as Amy*, 35, from Glasgow, knows all too well. She met her friend Tom* around 15 years ago and was ‘instantly smitten,’ but didn’t have the confidence to tell him. ‘I didn’t know my own worth. I didn’t notice him flirting. I was happy to be in the friend zone, because it meant I got to see him,’ she says. ‘There was something in the air…a lot of unspoken things. When I look back, I recognise the feelings between us were mutual. ‘He made me mix tapes, he told me I’d be his perfect wife…there were signs.’ Years passed and still, nothing was said, until Tom met someone. He rang Amy to tell her he was engaged. ‘We rarely phoned each other. I almost wondered if he was giving me one last chance to stop him,’ she says. ‘I was broken-hearted.’ Amy considered confessing her feelings in the run-up to the wedding, but decided it wouldn’t be fair to Tom’s fiancée. Besides, she was also with someone. ‘Right beforehand, I recall my then-boyfriend saying something like “what is with you today?” I was on edge, I was anxious and feeling sick,’ she says. ‘I couldn’t exactly answer “I’m about to watch the man I have crazy insane feelings for marry someone else.”’ The wedding day itself passed in a ‘dream-like haze’. ‘I was mentioned in the best man’s speech! It was in reference to a shared adventure I had with the groom,’ Amy adds. ‘It felt strange to be part of the story and get a mention, yet feel so far away.’ Though it was difficult, Amy says the wedding led to her making some positive changes in her life. She started seeing Tom less frequently, worked on herself, found love with someone else, and got married. ‘I rarely think about him now,’ she says of Tom. ‘I sometimes look back and kick myself for not seeing the signs. But I also wonder if we would be good together anyway. Perhaps I was just superficially in lust of him.’ Unrequited love at weddings isn’t always so romantic, though. One groom, Sam*, got in touch to tell us he’d always fancied one of the bridesmaids at his wedding. Another guest, Emily,* admitted she’d been exchanging flirtatious texts with the groom throughout his stag do. Both decided against revealing any more details (much to our disappointment, but probably wise…) If you think it’s love – not lust – should you ever reveal your feelings to someone who’s about to tie the knot? Therapist Lucy says it is sometimes appropriate, but you have to consider the impact on the person getting married – and get your timing right. ‘I had a client who was about to get married and, two days before the wedding, her colleague confessed his feelings for her,’ she says. ‘She felt that the timing was awful. That if he had given her more time, she could have reflected more carefully, and maybe – not certainly, but maybe – made a different choice. ‘As it was, she felt conflicted on her wedding day and it unsettled the early years of her marriage deeply. ‘However, I always believe it is important to own your truth. How would you feel if, 20 years down the line, you met the person you adore and told them how you had felt back in the day, and they said ‘I wish I had known at the time, things would have been different.’” Amy’s one piece of advice in hindsight? ‘Be brave and say how you feel,’ she says. ‘Don’t let it get to the point of hearing about their engagement to another or a wedding wishing you’d had the courage to say something. A moment’s humiliation and feeling rejected is better than the what ifs.’ But if it’s already too late for that? ‘Never go to the wedding of your ex,’ says Laura. ‘I would not recommend it.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The bridal skincare prep to start now for a summer wedding glow-up MORE : Best sex toys for couples this Valentine’s Day MORE : Six cheap Valentine’s Day ideas to try this year