We’re all guilty of opening the Deliveroo app when we know we shouldn’t be spending money. But the thought of cooking is sometimes just too much, especially on Valentines Day. Well, from February 10 to 14 you can order from Deliveroo without breaking the bank, because the food delivery giant is offering free starters and desserts from over 5,000 restaurants. The app has teamed up with some of our all-time faves like Tortilla, GBK, Shake Shack and Pho to bring you some delicious free food to celebrate the day of love. This means you can go overboard with your significant other and indulge at home. But if starters aren’t your style and you’ve got a real sweet tooth, why not look at these sweet treat deals available . To qualify for the free perks you must spend £25 at a participating restaurant – so get choosing. Some of our top picks for freebies include the Lobster Croquettes (worth £11) from Burger & Lobster, churros (worth £5.95) from Wingstop and the Biscoff Caramel Calzone (worth £7.25) from Zizzi. A spokesperson for Deliveroo said: ‘With Valentine’s Day falling on a cold Tuesday in February, we all know many of our customers will be dining in the comfort of their own home. ‘Whether you’re looking to sweeten up a date night with a tasty dessert, impress a loved one with a box of doughnuts, or tuck into some chicken wings as a pre-movie warm-up in front of a movie with your significant other, we hope that this gesture from Deliveroo makes it easy for customers to enjoy a great value Valentine’s Day meal from home.’ There are plenty of supermarket meal deals available this year, but Co-op’s is handily available via Deliveroo, for either £15 with a soft drink or £20 with alcohol, with items from their ‘Irresistible’ range. The deal includes: Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why does my boyfriend want to watch me having sex with much older men? MORE : Giant cat is so big it’s the same height as a nine-year-old child MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle