Three tourists from the US mainland were stabbed after filming in a popular San Juan neighborhood, police said. The confrontation happened on Monday in San Juan’s La Perla neighborhood, a shanty town in the Old San Juan Historic District. The neighborhood was made famous as the setting of the music video for ‘Despacito’ by Puerto Rican singers Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee. The three victims were identified as Carlos Sanchez Brown and Wallace Alonso Florence, both from South Carolina, and Jackson Tremayne from Georgia. The three tourists were filming a mobile hamburger cart around 4.11am on Monday when the confrontation began. According to police, the three tourists were warned by a local to stop filming and that they weren’t welcome in the neighborhood. The trio ignored the warning and kept filming. Moments later, the local struck Florence in the head. The tourists then tried to leave La Perla, but quickly realized they were being followed. As they approached the Museo de San Juan – just outside of La Perla – the man assaulted the trio again with a knife. He stabbed Brown in the left forearm, then stabbed Tremayne six times in the chest, abdomen, arm, and back. Brown and Tremayne were both transported to a local hospital, where they remain in critical condition. Florence denied medical treatment. No arrests have been made so far in the attack. The San Juan Criminal Investigations Department is still investigating the case. The suspect was only identified as a light-skinned man with long, white hair. Monday’s attack comes only two years after another tourist, 24-year-old Tariq Quadir Loat of Delaware, was killed and set on fire after receiving a similar warning against taking photos in the neighborhood. Tourists have traditionally been warned against travelling to La Perla, but the neighborhood has experienced a major resurgence in recent years. At one point, it was known as the largest distribution point for heroin in Puerto Rico, but a 2011 raid by the Drug Enforcement Agency made a large impact on crime. The neighborhood has since become a center of arts and culture, amplified by the ‘Despacito’ video that has since been viewed over 8billion times on YouTube. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.