Formula One world champion Jenson Button says it’s an ‘awesome’ feeling to become an official Guinness World Record holder. Ahead of the new F1 season, Button was challenged by NOW to break the record for the BATAK reflex reaction test having unofficially matched it 20 years ago. The BATAK light reaction machine is frequently used by F1 drivers to improve their reaction speed, hand co-ordination and stamina. Targets light up randomly across the board and participants must hit each light within an allotted time to test their peripheral vision and ability to respond quickly. Throughout his seventeen-year career, Button was never too far away from a BATAK machine, almost always using one in the garage during a grand prix weekend, and though he has been retired for some time he has not lost his magic touch. He smashed the record with 58 strikes in 30 seconds, beating the former holder, Arshia Shahriari from Iran, who had achieved 56 strikes in 30 seconds four years ago. An official Guinness World Record adjudicator presented the award to Button, but the 2009 title winner insists it was no walk in the park. ‘[In 2003] I actually did 56 in 30 seconds but I didn’t have the Guinness World Record,’ the former Brawn and McLaren driver exclusively told Metro Sport via NOW. ‘But that was in my twenties, so when the guys said, “Did you want to try and break your record”, I said, “Well I can try but it might be rather embarrassing because I’m 43”. ‘But no, I did it! 58! I’m chuffed actually because whether it’s winning an F1 race or breaking a BATAK world record, it’s all awesome because it means you’ve done better than anybody else. ‘So it’s a massive high, massive adrenaline. When I did it, everyone was celebrating wildly. Normally in an F1 car you can’t hear cheering so that was really cool. ‘My friend James said, “Jenson, I think that’s the best thing you’ve ever done!”. I think he might have been in the moment but thank you!’ The 2023 F1 season starts this weekend with the Bahrain Grand Prix, and every race can be streamed live on NOW from March 3. MORE : ‘I don’t care if I don’t win another race’ – Lewis Hamilton makes defiant statement amid threat of F1 ban MORE : Aston Martin issue update on Lance Stroll injury ahead of F1 season opener For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 