Joe Phillips may have been fired from Lord Sugar’s boardroom, but he’s not turning his back on reality TV. The 28-year-old became the latest contestant to lose out on winning Lord Sugar’s £250,000 investment after Thursday’s The Apprentice, which saw the candidates sent to Dubai where they were tasked with planning corporate away days for international clients. After failing to impress the client and ‘rationing’ water to guests, Joe was brought into the boardroom and ultimately sent home. However, after an experience on TV, he’s now keen to keep going, alongside his lipbalm business. When asked if he would ever appear on Love Island, Joe replied: ‘I’ve had a lot of messages and people saying “would you ever go on Love Island and we’d like to see you on there,” it’s hard to say. ‘I can neither confirm nor deny, but I am single! Never say never.’ He continued: ‘I’ve thoroughly enjoyed working with TV, and think it’s such a fantastic thing to do. ‘Ever since I was younger, Sir David Attenborough has been my hero. And I’ve got a background in zoology, ethology and working in South Africa as a safari guide, so it’s been my absolute dream to be a wildlife documentary presenter, then I get to combine my passions of nature and TV work. ‘If there is an opportunity to present some wildlife documentary show, I’m going to grab it with both hands.’ Elsewhere, Joe told us about how shocked he was to leave the process, and that he hadn’t even bothered packing his bags. ‘Dubai was the one task that I didn’t bother packing my bag. Because I was so confident that our team had won that task that I didn’t bother packing my bag!’ He continued: ‘So I was massively shocked when the team asked for a 60% refund, that’s unheard of! ‘And that caused us to lose the task, being a profit-based task, so I was a bit shocked, yeah.’ The Apprentice airs Thursdays at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice star Reece Donnelly forced to quit competition early MORE : The Apprentice fans bowled over at candidates’ ‘stupid’ mistake as team attempt to advertise motorbike with actress who can’t drive 