This is not a drill: Halle Bailey has posted new footage of Disney’s The Little Mermaid and at the end of the new teaser viewers are introduced to Melissa McCarthy’s Ursula. The live action remake hits cinemas on May 26 and fans of the film have been desperate for a new glimpse of Bailey’s Ariel. The 22-year-old certainly delivered on Wednesday when she shared the clip with her four million Instagram followers. Marking Disney’s forthcoming 100th birthday, Bailey wrote: ‘i’m so very excited to continue the #Disney100 celebration with this new look at #TheLittleMermaid just 100 days until it arrives in theaters!’ While the short clip featured a couple of new shots of Ariel frolicking beneath the waves, the teaser’s highlight was Ursula’s reveal. At the very end of the clip, viewers got a seconds-long look at the purple villain’s face and as it faded Ursula let out a cackle. The new teaser comes after Super Bowl viewers were left annoyed by the fact no new Little Mermaid footage was released during the game, despite the event providing a first look at The Flash from DC Studios as well as another Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 trailer. ‘All I wanted was the little mermaid trailer I’VE WAITED LONG ENOUGH,’ fumed one fan online, while another tweeted: ‘The Little Mermaid trailer not releasing during the Super Bowl is the most stupidest thing ever [sic].’ ‘I’m speechless ! No Super Bowl trailer for The Little Mermaid, my heart is broken….6 years I’ve been waiting for this film and they can’t even bother showing something 3 months before the premiere… is it still premiering in may?’ added another social media user. Aside from Bailey and McCarthy, Javier Bardem, Daveed Diggs, Awkwafina, Jacob Tremblay and Jonah Hauer-King also feature in the movie, which has been a long time coming. Bailey has been publicly attached to the film since 2019, after the remake was announced way back in 2016. Filming wrapped all the way back in July 2021, with fans clamouring for more ever since Bailey shared a first glimpse of herself as Ariel to celebrate. Roll on May 26. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island set to make history by dumping nine Islanders in shocking Casa Amor twist MORE : Rihanna and boyfriend A$AP Rocky debut baby boy in iconic British Vogue photoshoot days after announcing pregnancy with Super Bowl performance  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 