The fifth season of Netflix’s hugely successful documentary series Formula 1: Drive to Survive is very nearly here. The show has been largely credited with increasing the sport’s popularity and expanding its fanbase to unprecedented levels, and for many serves as the perfect precursor to the new F1 season. In their own words, DTS offers viewers ‘unprecedented access, never-before-seen footage and interviews from the sport’s biggest names, to witness first-hand how the drivers and teams prepare to battle it out for the World Championship.’ So what exactly do we learn in the new season? Metro Sport takes a look: Toto Wolff takes on the paddock It was reported that ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix Mercedes boss Toto Wolff had a heated argument with his compatriots over the porpoising problem that badly affected cars and the well-being of drivers. In the episode ‘Bounce Back’ we see this altercation in all its glory, with Wolff saying: ‘I can tell you, that all of you are playing a dangerous game. ‘If a car ends in the wall because it’s too stiff or it’s bottoming out, you’re in the s*** and I’m going to come after you. If you think this is a little game, you are very, very wrong.’ Red Bull’s Christian Horner, whose feud with Wolff has been well-documented, doesn’t take too kindly to these threats, firing back with: ‘Toto, if you’ve got a problem change your f***ing car,’ and even suggests that the film crew leave the room before things really kick-off. Christian Horner ‘doesn’t need friends’ Red Bull breaching the cost cap was a scandal that dominated the headlines in 2022, and the episode ‘Over the Limit’ reveals the exact moment when Horner learned his team had, unintentionally or not, cheated. As it turns out, it was just a few hours after Max Verstappen had won the drivers’ title, forcing Horner to begrudgingly admit that a mistake was made. He also later reveals what FIA President Mohammed Ben Sulayem told him when their punishment was dished out: ‘He said, “They all want your blood, they want to f*** you. You don’t have friends. I’m your only friend”. Well I don’t need friends.’ Mick Schumacher was always a ‘dead man walking’ A series of huge, expensive crashes and inconsistent performances cost Mick Schumacher his seat at Haas for 2023, and while that decision wasn’t made until the end of the season, his card was marked from the get go. The episode ‘Like Father, Like Son?’ shows one of many phone calls between Gene Haas and Guenther Steiner, where the team owner describes Schumacher as a ‘dead man walking’ after the Monaco Grand Prix. Things only get worse in Azerbaijan, when a painfully slow Schumacher says he’s worried about ‘overheating the brakes’, with Steiner retorting: ‘He’s going so f***ing slow he doesn’t need to brake.’ Ouch. Alpine wanted to sue McLaren over Oscar Piastri The transfer saga surrounding Oscar Piastri, McLaren and Alpine shocked everyone last summer, and after losing his driver to a rival team, Otmar Szafnauer does not hold back, saying Piastri lacks ‘loyalty and integrity’. The drama continues at the Dutch Grand Prix, when a furious Szafnauer walks into the office of McLaren boss Zak Brown to demand $5million as compensation for all the money spent developing the highly-rated rookie. We won’t spoil the outcome of the lawsuit, but we’ll just say that both Szafnauer and Brown think they’ve had the last laugh. Daniel Ricciardo was warned McLaren would betray him Piastri’s move to McLaren left the usually always-smiling Daniel Ricciardo down and out for 2023 – but could this have been averted? In the episode ‘Nice Guys Finish Last’, Ricciardo is reunited with Cyril Abiteboul, the former boss of Renault whom the driver left for McLaren just two years ago. The pair embrace, with Abiteboul muttering under his breath: ‘I told you not to trust Zac,’ a warning all the more pertinent after it was revealed that Brown didn’t tell Ricciardo they were getting rid of him. Formula 1: Drive to Survive season 5 is out on Netflix on February 24. MORE : Charles Leclerc impressed with Ferrari’s 2023 car as he aims to win first Formula 1 title MORE : McLaren launch 2023 F1 car ahead of landmark anniversary For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 