Sadly, Jacket Potato won’t be in The Masked Singer final this year… but the good news is, they’ve been unmasked – and it’s only Richie Sambora! Jacket Potato fell at the final hurdle and was eliminated in the semi-final before judges Rita Ora, Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross, Mo Gilligan, and guest panellist Peter Crouch. Richie’s clues, of course, pointed to his iconic career in music, such as a ‘billions’ anagram referencing his songs with Bon Jovi hitting over a billion streams. There were also nods to the groups hit songs, including You Give Love A Bad Name and Livin’ On A Prayer. It’s safe to say the judges were absolutely stunned at the reveal, as were viewers at home, who were convinced it was Shane Ritchie from EastEnders. ‘It’s a wild reality when you do this show,’ Richie, 63, said after his mask came off. In a Q&A post-show, he spoke about his reasons for signing up to the whacky show. ‘I love being a guitar player and a songwriter and of course I’m very privileged and honoured to have had so much success and the accolades of being a Grammy winner, an Ivor Novello Award winner and a Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame and Songwriters Hall Of Fame inductee, but what I really love to do is sing! ‘My hiatus from Bon Jovi and the Covid impact on my solo touring meant I could only do one thing which is make a new record until I saw The Masked Singer! I loved it and it was a lot of fun to watch it at a time where due to lockdowns and being forced to be at home the world was a little quieter than it had been since Bon Jovi kicked off 37 years ago. ‘After having seen so many great singers that I loved being on the show I decided I wanted to do it myself.’ He added that he ‘loved’ being inside his crazy costume, praising the talented designers and revealing he also had a hand in how some of the clues were placed. ‘The different names on the butter packets on my jacket! Have you figured them all out?!’, he teased. Richie added that he was laughing inside his costume the whole time as the panel failed to guess his identity correctly. ‘I think we all want to win, but I had a good ride and I was glad to carry the torch for the amazing people that left before me. I had a great time,’ he said of his experience. However, he definitely wasn’t at home watching his unmasking in real time, as Richie was actually walking the red carpet while the show aired. Yes, the rock star attended the 2023 Brit Awards, along with music industry executive Merck Mercuriadis, ready for a night of stellar performances from the likes of Harry Styles, Lizzo and Sam Smith – without masks, of course. Richie joins the likes of Katherine Ryan (Pigeon), Lulu (Piece of Cake), Chris Kamara (Ghost), and Martin and Shirlie Kemp (Cat & Mouse) in the unmasked club, while the remaining characters will compete to win next week’s final. The Masked Singer final airs on Saturday on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Steps icon Claire Richards reveals bizarre way she kept cool in ‘heavy’ Masked Singer Knitting costume MORE : The Masked Singer reveals This Country actress Daisy May Cooper behind Otter in seventh elimination 