Valentine’s focuses our attention on our love life, past, present and future. We may revel and celebrate what we have, hope for deeper love to grow in the future, and maybe reflect on our exes and lessons along the way. Cosmic guidance is always welcome and most astrology love columns will tell you all about who you’re great with… but maybe not so much about the disasters. I am a big believer that astrology is not a deal breaker in love. So many other factors shape our character (family, friends, values, religion, culture, interests etc) that anyone can get along with anyone. That said, cosmically, there are some poorly aligned star sign alliances. Here are the top ones, and how to overcome any issues – should you find yourself in one of these… don’t despair. The ram and the virgin. It conjures up a strange visual does it not, and this alliance is much like that. Off key. Unsettling. Aries is all fire, thrusting, powerful, chaotic, physical whilst Virgo is more earthy, demure, practical, yielding, precise, organised and cerebral. Aries has the potential to totally embarrass Virgo with their big mouth, high energy and (ugh) PDAs. Virgo will drive Aries mad with their nitpicking, caution and (ugh) criticism! Overcoming the clash? Actually these two can bring what is cosmically missing to each other’s life. If the attraction is there then this can work, as long as they openly acknowledge and accept they are opposites and are also open to receiving the benefit of the other’s strengths. Earthy passion meets airy nonchalance – and throw in a double dose of stubbornness. Taurus and Aquarius can infuriate each other to the point of no return. Neither wishes to change their mind, compromise, admit they are wrong, give a little, change course. It’s the rock meeting the hard place. Taurus likes be intimate and together, Aquarius needs space. Taurus wants to stay home, Aquarius has to go out. Taurus like security and routine, Aquarius craves adventure and spontaneous action. Overcoming the clash? If both sign is given permission to have their own piece of territory and freedom to do their own thing totally their own way (without judgment or interference from the other) then they can live together peacefully, provided they share some common ground and interests. Airy, cavalier, smart-mouthed, cutting Gemini can have Pisces in tears all day, every day. In fact, they sometimes enjoy torturing hyper sensitive Pisceans, it’s all too easy. This match can start off well as both signs are creative, playful, mutable, up for fun, social, and funny. But, over time, Pisces craves more attention, understanding, sympathy and care… which is not what Gemini typically dishes out. Gemini resents being smothered or leaned on or made responsible for someone else’s emotional state. Gemini finds it all too icky, clingy and needy, and this is where the callousness can start, this is where the tears begin. These two can be great friends but life partners? Tricky. Overcoming the clash? Older, more emotionally mature and compassionate Geminis can appreciate the deeply loving nature of Pisces and this is perhaps where this match works best – later in life, when both have been a little more weathered by circumstance. At that point, Pisces probably relishes having a partner who doesn’t lean on them as heavily as others have. This combo can crop up quite a lot as both signs are highly sexual, flirtatious and love to be in love and all those trappings. So, physically, this can work wonders. Emotionally, it can go horribly south. Cancer is possessive, jealous, secretive and intensely passionate in love. Sagittarius is carefree, resolutely independent, transparent (in fact, maybe too much so, they say whatever is on their mind no matter the consequences), and prone to wander and flirt elsewhere. Cancers can’t get their pincers into Sagittarians, while Sagittarians can’t understand Cancer’s moods and feelings. Overcoming the clash? If the sexual chemistry is intense enough then this can be the balm that holds this union together and stops the arguments and misunderstandings blowing up. Sexual healing can work wonders here. It needs to! Eventually, in time, each sign will come to accept (even if they don’t really understand) the other’s nature. Two very proud, ambitious, competitive signs who could potentially end up battling each other for the alpha, top dog spot and totally forgetting all about supporting each other or working together or actually upholding the purpose of a lover/partner. Leo is more outgoing and overt than Capricorn so they probably win, but then Capricorn secretly seethes and plots revenge, and Leo is too gullible to see it coming. This coupling would actually make a great movie! Something like ‘The War Of The Roses’ perhaps. Overcoming the clash? The potential here is to operate as a ‘power couple’ but both occupying totally separate realms, which do not clash or overlap. In this instance, this union can be successful. Each needs their own crown. This coupling has great initial potential as both signs are passionate, sexual and into their love life but, once personality starts to play more of a driving force, things can collapse. Libra is a people pleaser, a diplomat, a natural socialite, and flirt. Scorpio will be appalled at their easy charm, superficial chat, shape shifting tendencies and may even perceive it all as disloyalty and, woe betide, rejection. Scorpio wants to be adored. Libra looks like they do… but then Scorpio notices that Libra seems to adore quite a few other people as well, and that won’t do. Ugly scenes can ensue. Libra can’t placate an angry Scorpio. Overcoming the clash? If there is true love here and total infatuation then this can work. If Libra is so immersed in their Scorpio partner that the usual flirting and dalliances fade away, then this can be a highly romantic love. Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How your star sign can find love – and who with – this Valentine’s Day MORE : Attraction magic and love spells to boost your romantic powers for Valentine’s Day