The partner of missing mum Nicola Bulley says her disappearance is ‘like a dream’. Paul Ansell told Sky News: ’It seems absolutely impossible. it’s like a dream, I can’t get my head around it. ‘I don’t really have anything to say other than what the family said yesterday, my whole focus is my two girls and staying as strong as I can for them. ‘I’m scared that if I put focus into anything else it’s going to take my focus off that.’ Paul added he ‘doesn’t know how he’s coping.’ Nicola had been walking near the River Wyre in St Michael’s on Wyre, Lancashire at a similar time to when Nicola vanished on January 27. The mortgage advisor had just dropped off her daughters, aged six and nine, at the local school in the village. It is now a week since she vanished. Paul told Sky News: ‘Every single scenario comes to a brick wall. Every single one of them. ‘All we are doing is sitting there going round and round and round through each scenario. ‘We’re never going to lose hope, but it is as though she has vanished into thin air. It’s just insane.’ Her parents yesterday described how she was in good spirits during their last conversation and spoken of their ‘dread’ at the thought of never seeing her again. Ernest and Dot Bulley said their grandchildren were ‘sobbing their hearts out’ after being told ‘mummy is lost’. The last known movements of Nicola before she went missing were released by police last night as they still continue their search for mum-of-two. Her phone was found, apparently still engaged on a work call, on a park bench nearby, along with the harness and lead for her dog, Willow, a springer spaniel. The dog running loose alerted a member of the public and police were called, but despite a huge search, no trace of Nicola has been found. A local told the MailOnline the woman who found Willow described how she was ‘bone dry and so hadn’t been in the water’ but was ‘in an agitated state’. Another had speculated whether she could have slipped down a river bank into the water, adding: ‘You just don’t know do you but I do know that she would have never ever left those children voluntarily.’ Meanwhile, a police appeal to trace a ‘lady in red’ to find answers has proven fruitless. The potentially key witness was found last night, but has no clues to help piece together Nicola’s disappearance. She was revealed to be Christine Bowman, a 67-year-old retired teacher. Ms Bowman had been walking with her dog, Snowflake, on January 27. The security camera footage that she was caught on was taken from the caravan park next to the towpath – she hadn’t ventured down to the river’s edge. Ms Bowman said she ‘doesn’t know anything’ and that she had in fact already told police that prior to last night. She also said the community was on edge since Nicola’s disappearance. Ms Bowman told the Mirror: ‘It has made local women fearful. If they have husbands or partners, they have been taking the dogs out instead.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.