Ukraine’s president has promised victory in 2023 as he marked the first anniversary of the Russia’s invasion. As dawn broke on a day of commemorations and defiance, President Volodymyr Zelensky tweeted that Ukrainians had proven themselves to be ‘invincible’ in what he called ‘a year of pain, sorrow, faith and unity’. ‘We know that 2023 will be the year of our victory!’ he wrote. In a defiant video address, Mr Zelensky also recalled the terror unleashed a year ago by the Russian assault, triggering Europe’s biggest and deadliest war since the Second World War. He said February 24, 2022, the date of the Russian invasion, was ‘the longest day of our lives.’ Zelensky said: ‘We survived the first day of the full-scale war. We didn’t know what tomorrow would bring, but we clearly understood that for each tomorrow, you need to fight. And we fought,’ he said. Ukrainians planned memorials, candle vigils and other remembrances for their tens of thousands of dead – a toll growing all the time as fighting rages on. There were concerns that Russia might unleash another barrage of missiles against Ukraine to mark a year since Putin’s invasion. Mercifully, air raid alarms did not sound overnight in the capital, Kyiv, and dawn broke quietly. Still, the government recommended that schools move classes online and office employees were asked to work from home. Mr Zelensky said the February 24, 2022, Russian assault had been a moment when ‘millions of us made a choice’. Ukrainians chose not the white flag of surrender ‘but the blue and yellow one. Not fleeing, but facing. Resisting and fighting’  his tweet said. A year on, casualty figures are horrific on both sides, with Western estimates suggesting hundreds of thousands have been killed or wounded. Economic and diplomatic repercussions have rippled across the globe. It was Ukraine’s willingness to join the Nato that first enraged Putin and the Kremlin. Today, officials at the security alliance released their own statement. It read: ‘As we solemnly mark one year of Russia’s brutal war of aggression against Ukraine, the gravest threat to Euro-Atlantic security in decades, we as Allies reaffirm our solidarity with the government and people of Ukraine in the heroic defence of their nation, their land, and our shared values. ‘We pay tribute to the lives lost, and we deplore the tragic human suffering and destruction, including of Ukraine’s residential areas and civilian and energy infrastructure, caused by Russia’s illegal war. ‘We are further stepping up political and practical support to Ukraine as it defends itself against Russia’s invasion, and will maintain our support for as long as necessary to help Ukraine prevail.’ It continued: ‘Russia’s efforts to break the resolve of the brave people of Ukraine are failing. ‘One year on, Ukrainians are fighting valiantly for freedom and independence. We stand with them.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.