A dog who was left for dead has defied the odds as she learns to walk using her new prosthetic leg. Owner Bri-Wilson Sommers said the 3D-printed prosthetic leg has given her six-year-old Pitbull Luna a ‘new lease of life’. It was difficult navigating a new leg at first, but now Luna can bound around with ease. Bri, from Arizona, USA, said: ‘This leg has given her a new lease on life and we are so proud of her for it. ‘Now she can walk for up to two miles and every week she gets better and stronger.’ Luna was badly injured and missing her front leg when she was found abandoned in a yard in 2019. Tragically, the poor pooch been forced to compete in a dog fight, before her owners dumped her. Thankfully she was rescued, and eventually adopted by 27-year-old NICU nurse Bri and her family. Luna had been missing her leg for about a month at that point, and was so weak that she ‘could only really walk to the mailbox and back.’ Being so unbalanced made walking difficult and Luna began dragging the front paw on her remaining leg, causing a bad wound. There was a lot of work to do to help make Luna better. Bri, from Arizona USA, said: ‘We slowly worked with her until she could walk and run. ‘We built her walks up and she was doing great. However, in the fall of 2021, we noticed her stamina starting to decrease and she also started injuring herself often. ‘Pitbulls are so top heavy that the weight on her remaining shoulder was too much. She was spraining her shoulder frequently and dragging her paw again.’ Bri took her to the vet, who thought Luna had early arthritis, so she started looking around for ways to help her beloved pooch. ‘In April of 2022, we found the company 3D Pets and they determined that Luna was a great candidate for a prosthetic,’ she said. Their friends and family pitched in to help pay for the leg, and Bri started filming her recovery process to show them how Luna was doing. Now, the little pup is thriving. Bri added: ‘Luna is the sweetest and most protective dog. Whenever someone has a bad day she is right there watching over you. ‘She is now also able to play fetch again which is one of her favourite things.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Globe-trotting dogs join owner on adventures – even skiing together MORE : Dog challenges shark to fight and wins in front of screaming tourists MORE : Talented rescue dog learns how to ice skate: ‘Seeing him so excited is a dream come true’