Jansen Panettiere’s cause of death has been revealed after he died at the age of 28. The actor, younger brother of Scream and Nashville star Hayden Panettiere, died in New York earlier this month. His loved ones have spoken out in the wake of their loss, revealing that he died suddenly from an enlarged heart and valve complications. In an emotional statement, they said: ‘Jansen’s heart could be seen in his eyes, and his charm in his brilliant, engaging smile; his soul in his masterful and revealing paintings, and the joy of life in his dry wit. ‘His charisma, warmth, compassion for others, and his creative spirit will live forever in our hearts and in the hearts of all whom he encountered. ‘Though it offers little solace, the Medical Examiner reported Jansen’s sudden passing was due to cardiomegaly (enlarged heart), coupled with aortic valve complications.’ In the message, they also took a moment to thank everyone who had reached out over the news. ‘We sincerely appreciate the outpouring of love and support towards our family as we navigate this unthinkable loss, and ask that we be gifted our privacy during this time of mourning’ the message, shared with ABC News, concluded. ‘We love you so much Jansen and you will be in our hearts forever.’ TMZ reported that he died on Sunday, February 19 – his friends are thought to have raised the alarm when he failed to appear at a business meeting. Law enforcement officials were called to a property that afternoon, with a family source confirming their loss the following day. Jansen carved out his own career in the spotlight, following in the footsteps of his eldest sister, Hayden. The New York-born star made his screen debut in an episode of comedy Even Stevens, and also appeared in Third Watch, Hope & Faith and Everybody Hates Chris. He later landed a recurring role in Nickelodeon drama The Xs, as Truman X, before portraying Casper in popular Zombie series, The Walking Dead. Some of the late star’s big screen credits include Robots, Ice Age: The Meltdown, The Perfect Game and Summer Forever. Jansen also shared the screen with Hayden, 33, on a number of occasions, including 2004’s Tiger Cruise, and The Forger, in 2012. They worked together in Racing Stripes, in 2005, where Jansen voiced the younger version of zebra Stripes, while Hayden starred as Channing Walsh. Away from the spotlight, he was a budding artist and had an Instagram dedicated to his intricate work. He would post pictures of colorful canvases and his designs on clothing, shoes and accessories – as well as time spent with his family. Jansen’s most recent update on the platform came just days before his death, where he celebrated a work of art. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Tommaso Ciampa reveals bulked up body transformation after putting on a stone after surgery MORE : How to apply for The Traitors series 2 as BBC hit returns  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 