We’ll be getting a deeper look into Sylvester Stallone and his family as they have landed their very own reality series. The 76-year-old is no stranger to life in front of the camera, having fronted some of the biggest movies and TV shows around, including the Rocky franchise and his current role in the acclaimed series, Tulsa King. However, he has invited a crew into behind closed doors to offer a glimpse into life with his wife Jennifer Flavin, and their daughters, Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet. The eight-part series, titled The Family Stallone, will air on Paramount+ in the US later in spring. ‘After playing some of the most legendary characters in cinematic history, three-time Academy Award nominee Sylvester Stallone is ready to give cameras access to what he would consider the greatest role of his lifetime: dad,’ an official synopsis reads. ‘This new series starring Stallone’s three daughters, wife and himself offers a seat at the table of one of Hollywood’s most famous families.’ The Family Stallone is set to show Sly, aka the man, the myth and the legend in a new light as he focuses on ‘building for the future and raising three independent and ambitious women’. He will also be sharing the screen with his family, including three of his daughters – Scarlet, Sistine and Sophia – who are all following in his Hollywood footsteps. Scarlet is appearing opposite her famous dad in Tulsa King, while Sistine has appeared in Midnight in the Switchgrass, alongside Megan Fox. Sophia co-hosts the Unwaxed podcast with Sistine, and is ‘still finding her path in life and focusing on her passions’. The series will also offer an insight into Sly’s marriage with model Jennifer, after they made headlines last year with their brief split. The pair tied the knot in 1997 but Jennifer filed for divorce in August, bringing their 25-year marriage to an end. However, they reconciled in October and have been inseparable ever since. Discussing his family in an interview with Entertainment Weekly, the Expendables actor insisted that he would turn his back on his huge screen career without hesitation for his loved ones. Speaking of his latest project, Tulsa King, he said that the ‘unexpected’ role had led him to huge realizations within his own family – including sons Sage and Seargeoh from a previous marriage. ‘In the past few years when you find yourself obsessing about, oh what’s the next move? How do I compete with this situation or this character or this guy’s getting this role, and I said, “Jesus Christ, what does it matter?”’ he began. ‘Because the things that really matter, the things that are actually your flesh and blood are moving on. ‘The priority is the things that you’re responsible for. You brought them on this planet. You must guard them with your life.’ Despite commanding the big screen for several decades, Sly vowed that he would give up his lifestyle in a heartbeat if it had a negative impact on his loved ones. ‘It’s life changing because it made me realize that I would do this, but my family comes first,’ he added. ‘I would give this up tomorrow if it interfered with my relationship and the values of my family, like this, without hesitation.’ The Family Stallone will air on Paramount+ later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Did Rishi Sunak confuse Bob Marley’s song in Piers Morgan interview? MORE : The Traitors US renewed for second season with Alan Cumming as Andy Cohen hosts series one reunion  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 