Nicola Bulley’s partner has visited the spot where police believe she fell into the River Wyre. Paul Ansell spent 10 minutes on the riverbank near the bench where the missing mum’s phone was found, still connected to a work Teams call. She vanished during a dog walk after dropping her daughters off at school on January 27. Today, Mr Ansell spoke with Peter Faulding, the underwater search expert called in by the family to help with the search. Mr Faulding appeared to be taking him through aspects of his search, now on its third day. Police divers have also been conducting searches on sections of the river close to the bench. Mr Ansell was accompanied by a police officer and Emma White, a family friend of Ms Bulley, 45. Two police dinghies with divers were seen setting off from the riverbank and going upstream to continue the search. On Tuesday, Superintendent Sally Riley, of Lancashire Police, said detectives had looked at ‘every single’ potential suspicion or criminal suggestion that had come in and discounted them. She spoke after suggestions Ms Bulley’s phone could be a ‘decoy’ and questions were raised about gaps in CCTV coverage of the area where she vanished from. The lead and harness for Willow, her springer spaniel dog, were also left on or close to the bench. Police said it was still a ‘possibility’ she left the area by one path not covered by cameras which is crossed by the main road through the village, and officers were trying to trace dashcam footage from 700 drivers who passed along the road at the time she disappeared, around 9.20am. Mr Faulding, leader of underwater search experts Specialist Group International (SGI), has said if his team does not find Ms Bulley in the water using his sonar equipment, then he believes she has not been in the river and raised ‘third party’ involvement in the disappearance. But Ms Riley told reporters at a press conference in the village, that Mr Faulding is not included in ‘all the investigation detail’. Mr Ansell’s visit to the river today comes as police urge ‘vigilantes’ to stop interfering with the search area. The force warned anyone who had plans on trying to search through the derelict properties along the riverside – that officers have already looked at them. It also told people not to direct online abuse at people connected to the investigation. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.