China has urged ‘calm’ amid an inflating row over a giant balloon which is sailing high above the US. The balloon’s sighting, over Montana, led to Pentagon accusations of spying on sensitive military sites. US secretary of state Antony Blinken abruptly cancelled a high-stakes Beijing trip aimed at easing tensions with China as a result of the issue. But China has firmly denied the claims, even stating that the balloon was simply a  weather research ‘airship’ that had blown off course. People across the states have armed themselves with binoculars to try find the ‘spy balloon’ as it travels south-east over Kansas and Missouri at 60,000 feet. It was first spotted over Montana, which is home to one of America’s three nuclear missile silo fields at Malmstrom Air Force Base, defence officials said. Later on Friday, the Pentagon acknowledged reports of a second balloon flying over Latin America. ‘We now assess it is another Chinese surveillance balloon,’ said brigadier general Pat Ryder, the Pentagon press secretary. He declined to offer further information such as where it was spotted. The US actually had been tracking the initial balloon since at least Tuesday, when President Joe Biden was first briefed, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters. According to three US officials, the President initially was inclined to order the surveillance balloon to be blown out of the sky, and a senior defence official said the US had prepared fighter jets, including F-22s, to shoot it down if ordered. Defence secretary Lloyd Austin and general Mark Milley, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, reportedly advised Mr Biden against shooting down the balloon. They warned that its size – as big as three buses – and considerable weight could create a debris field large enough to endanger Americans on the ground. The Pentagon also assessed that after unspecified US measures, the possibility of the balloon uncovering important information was not great. It was not the first time Chinese surveillance balloons have been tracked over US territory, including at least once during former president Donald Trump’s administration, officials said. After passing the sensitive military sites in Montana, the balloon was moving south-east over the heartland of the central United States during the day and was expected to remain in US airspace for several days, officials said. The development dealt a new blow to already strained US-Chinese relations that have been in a downwards spiral for years over numerous issues. Still, US officials maintained that diplomatic channels remain open and Mr Blinken said he remained willing to travel to China ‘when conditions allow’. ‘We continue to believe that having open lines of communication is important,’ he said. In a statement that approached an apology, the Chinese foreign ministry said the balloon was a civilian airship used mainly for meteorological research. It said said the airship had limited ‘self-steering’ capabilities and had ‘deviated far from its planned course’ because of winds. ‘The Chinese side regrets the unintended entry of the airship into US airspace due to force majeure,’ the statement said, citing a legal term used to refer to events beyond one’s control. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.