Love Island fans are under the serious impression that Zara Lackenby-Brown will be returning in a surprise twist following Wednesday’s brutal recoupling. During last night’s episode, Tom Clare chose to couple up with Ellie Spence leaving the 25-year-old and former flame standing alone. Explaining his decision in a short speech, Tom, 23, said: ‘This is not an easy decision for me and I never want to see people go home. ‘This girl I do think it’s genuine and she’s here to meet someone, she deserves a fair shot whether that’s with me or someone else.’ In her true sassy style, she joked: ‘I’m gonna go find someone rich and older,’ as she strutted out of the villa. Fans expressed their shock over Zara’s departure, with many comparing her to former bombshells Maura Higgins and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. However, several also believe the producers have a trick up their sleeve and keep the star in a surprise twist. ‘Maybe I’m in denial but for some reason I feel a plot twist coming and Zara is actually coming back,’ one person wrote. ‘Producers BRING ZARA BACK IDC BRING HER BACK AS A SUPRISE AS CASA AMOR GIRL AS BOMBSHELL AGAIN I DONT GIVE A F**K JUST BRING OUR GOOD SIS BACK,’ another echoed. ‘Hope they pull a full uno switch, drop down flip it and reverse it and get Zara in casa,’ a third person tweeted. Another added: ‘If the producers had any sense of adventure they would put Zara in another villa and bring her back for casa amour. This CANNOT be it for my good sis.’ Speaking after leaving the villa, Zara opened up about her initial connection with Tom and said: ‘I did think there could be potential with Tom. He’d told me he’d been in a long-term relationship, so I already knew he was capable of being committed. ‘The age difference was a bit of a barrier for me – girls mature faster than guys.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Kai Fagan awkwardly leaves bombshell Samie Elishi ‘disappointed’ after coupling up with her MORE : Love Island’s Shaq Muhammad and Tanya Manhenga become first couple to drop L-bomb in adorable scenes 