Sarah Michelle Gellar found herself in some hot water when she was a child after being sued by McDonald’s. Back in 1982, the actress appeared in an advertisement for Burger King, however a line she spoke sparked a legal case. Years before she starred in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Sarah, 45, appeared in a series of adverts for the fast-food chain. But one where she referenced their rivals led McDonald’s to sue the company, advertising agency and her after five-year-old Sarah criticised them and claimed to only eat at Burger King. Speaking more about what went down, Sarah can laugh it off now. ‘This is really funny. This was this big campaign that I did for Burger King and I was five,’ she said. ‘And I was the first person to say another competitor’s name in a job, and so McDonald’s turned around and sued the advertising agency, Burger King and me at five,’ she told Buzzfeed UK. While she didn’t reveal the result of the case, she did recall being on set was difficult at times. Desperate to eat one of the burgers she was promoting, she was disappointed to find out that the job didn’t come with an endless supply of the treat. Sarah’s enduring memory of that advert was being desperate to eat some of the products. ‘What I really remember was I didn’t eat a lot of fast food at the time, and when we were there, I just wanted a burger,’ she explained. ‘I was so excited because my mom said that I could have the burger. ‘And what I learned on that day is that when they make the burgers for commercials, they glue each seed on it to make it look all perfect and beautiful, and then they shellac it, and they paint it. You guys, TV is not real.’ In 2004 Sarah also spoke about how the lawsuit also left her banned from eating at any of the McDonald’s restaurants. ‘I wasn’t allowed to eat there,’ she said. ‘It was tough because, when you’re a little kid, McDonald’s is where all your friends have their birthday parties, so I missed out on a lot of apple pies.’ Currently promoting her new series Wolf Pack, Sarah has been spilling plenty of secrets in the past week. Aside from revealing that Buffy silent producer Dolly Parton used to send the cast Christmas presents, Sarah also confirmed long-standing rumours that her character Daphne in the 2002 movie Scooby-Doo shared a kiss with Velma (Linda Cardellini). Metro.co.uk has contacted McDonald’s for comment. Wolf Pack is currently available to watch on Paramount Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sarah Michelle Gellar admits she flat-out refused to even read script for new supernatural teen drama Teen Wolf MORE : There’s no need to remind Sarah Michelle Gellar that Buffy the Vampire Slayer ended 20 years ago  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 