A much-loved animal sanctuary will be forced to close after losing a battle against an eviction notice. The Pennine Animal Welfare Society (PAWS) in Todmorden, West Yorkshire was given warning to vacate their site last year. Terrified of losing the perfect space, sanctuary staff staff originally fought back against the notice. After their efforts failed, they launched a fundraiser to overturn the decision. Time is now running out before their July 31 deadline of closure, and they fear closing their doors for good. Susan Curran, the founder of PAWS, lives on the site in a static caravan alongside rescue dog Big George. She said: ‘I am still completely numb following receipt of the original Section 25 Notice. ‘Months have gone by and we are still no nearer to finding a suitable site to relocate to, set-up the kennels and cattery and then there is the worry of where to house any animals we cannot rehome in the meantime. ‘I am incredibly fearful for the future of the charity.’ Big George is just one of the animals who is at risk of an horrific future if the charity is forced to close. He was saved from the pound by Sue and it has taken six years to rehabilitate him. A last-ditch attempt has now been launched to buy a site for PAWS to continue their work. Michele Way, the chair of trustees at the charity, said: ‘The Trustees will do their best to ensure the charity continues to help local people and their animals, in whatever form that might take. ‘Ideally, we would like to buy somewhere and then we will have secured the future of the rescue. ‘We are desperately looking at options and will have to close our doors to the intake of new animals to allow us to pack up the site. – DONATE TO PAWS BY CLICKING HERE ‘It is devastating that after all the hard work everyone has put into trying to fundraise the sum we need to purchase somewhere decent and we are no further forward to finding a solution. ‘There must be someone out there who can help us?’ PAWS was set up in 2007 by Sue, who wanted to create a rescue where anyone could adopt an animal no matter where they lived, what age they are or their circumstances. The charity focuses on animals ‘who may otherwise be given up on’ and worry who will take on that baton in the region if they close. Susan added: ‘We currently have 16 cats and 12 dogs all of whom potentially face an horrific future if we fail to secure a new premises. ‘These cats and dogs have already been abandoned once. We are proud to rally together with our community to help them in their time of need, now we really need your help.’ The charity is ideally looking for three to five acres of land that is within a 15-20 mile radius of Todmorden so they can continue to support their community. It needs to have buildings or a footprint of buildings so that they can build bigger and better facilities for the hundreds of animals they save every year. Previously, the sanctuary raised fears of the prospect of having to put animals down if they cannot be rehomed. PAWS also acts as a refuge for the young people and adults who volunteer to help care for the animals – and Sue had hoped to extend the programme to allow more opportunities to both people and animals. Donations to the sanctuary can be made directly online if you click here Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.