This week, we enter a new month and Mercury enters Pisces. It sparks a surge of creativity, renewal, fresh thinking, illuminating conversations and innovative ideas comes to us naturally and easily – like a tap turned on. Feel the flow and encourage your imagination to keep on delivering the goods. With this free flow of great ideas and hopeful ambitions, it’s a time to reset your best hopes and resolutions. What good intentions can you bring to the month ahead? How can you start as you mean to go on in March? Let the tarot guide you. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Knight of Swords Meaning: Be bold, be forthright, be a bit selfish, dare I say. We are heading into your astrological season when your powers are at their fiercest. Get ready to make headway and go for your heart’s desires. The Knight of Swords is riding beside you, protecting you, urging you on, fighting battles with and for you. This is a season where you need to push your own agenda and your own desires. Follow passion. Pursue ambition. Be your best self and get the rewards. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Three of Coins Meaning: To get ahead you need the backing and input of other people sometimes, and this is one of those times. The Three of Coins shows that people value you. They see how you behave and the efforts you make and the way you conduct yourself, and they like what they see! So, now you need to manifest something from this goodwill, from this surge of appreciation. Be visible, showcase your talents, make demands, ask for help, get their ear. You’ll be surprised how far you can go. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Eight of Coins Meaning: You need to dig in and persevere Gemini. I know you’re tired of certain things, tasks, or even people. I know you are itching to dance away and join a new party… it’s tempting. New news is always glossier… but don’t do it. The Eight of Coins asks you to push on with things you’re halfway through. Get them finished. See it all the way to the end. The rewards are worthwhile and you’re about to make some breakthroughs. Keep going my friend. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Three of Wands Meaning: Make this week (and month) one of fun, spontaneity, good times, and socialising. Be on the front foot, be alert, be light-hearted, be ready to respond quickly to new invitations or ideas. The Three of Wands shows you’ll enter a whirlwind of opportunity but you need to be open to it, not closed or resistant. Keep your plans relatively thin. Leave room for unexpected happenings and events. This is going to be a busy, bustling, and joyful time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: King of Wands Meaning: Be yourself, be happy, be bold. The King of Wands represents the best of the Fire sign psyche – confidence, adventurousness, courage, warmth. You light up the rooms you enter. You can spark a great mood wherever you go. Live and breathe your fiery passions and pursue what makes you happy and inspired. Travel, romance, adventure, progress, creativity, and ambition. Push ahead. Take some chances. Play a bold hand. Fortune favours the bold. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Seven of Wands Meaning: You need to be on the front foot this week, and month ahead, and make sure you’re sticking up for yourself and you’re defending your position. The Seven of Wands will bring challenge and competition your way, all of which you can handle, and actually the handling of it will reaffirm your passion for what you already have. Prove your mettle, showcase your talent, prioritise your strengths and ambitions. You deserve everything coming to you. You deserve the rewards. Make sure you get them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Eight of Swords Meaning: This is all about deconstruction, in a positive way. Identifying and dismantling self-limiting beliefs and behaviours which have gotten in your way in the past. We are all our own worst enemy. Waking up to this fact and dealing with it can be life changing. When you’re an ally to yourself, you have the person who knows you best on side. This makes you unstoppable, authentic, in tune with what you need and want. Face your demons. Banish the inner critic Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Ten of Swords Meaning: The Ten of Swords pulls no punches. It’s a demand. It’s harsh. And it’s here to tell you that there are some things in your life which must come to an end. You know what they are because they cause you pain, stress, and sleepless nights, and have done for a while (and they aren’t going to improve either). Enough is enough, Scorpio. Protect yourself and your peace of mind and withdraw from any and all toxicity around you. Leave them to it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Two of Coins Meaning: The Two of Coins is a great card for you, Sagittarius. Abundance, variety, can-do attitude, fulfilment. The more you do, the more you can do. You are ruled by Jupiter and this energy is reflected in this card. You are going to be super busy, offered lots of opportunities, and you’re ready to walk into the sunshine with your head high. Be positive, be happy, be ready for anything. Importantly, say yes often! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Page of Swords Meaning: Don’t hedge your bets this week or blow hot and cold on people. Set a decisive tone for March. Be forthright and direct. The Page of Swords is giving you the green light to progress on the things you’re keen to do. It may mean saying no to a few other things because you must prioritise vs try and capture every gem. People need answers. People want clarity. Give it to them and watch the momentum pick up as their support then grows. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Page of Wands Meaning: Start the month with a week of new news. Bring in as many new ideas, activities, people, and trials as is humanly possible this week and March will be exciting, educational, and full of learning. The Page of Wands has a go, he tries new stuff, no pressure or expectation, just an open mind. This is your kind of attitude too. You just need to push the new content a bitand make it happen. Get the momentum going this week and things will flow your way all month long. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Five of Swords Meaning: Start the month by seeking peace, a truce, a respite, an ending to any and all stressful or difficult situations in your life. Find peace of mind. The Five of Swords is a reminder that arguing is just noise, no one wins, things usually get worse. You are a natural peace-seeker but you’ve been drawn into some conflict. Find a way out, even if it is just a temporary truce (though you can bet that, once the noise ends, so will the drama). Make March a relaxing month. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of November 2022 MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Libra MORE : Mars retrograde slows everything down – your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the period