A former worker at King Charles’ home has come forward as the woman who took Prince Harry’s virginity. Sasha Walpole claimed she and the prince slept together in a field in the summer of 2001, with the whole affair lasting only five minutes. It happened after celebrating her 19th birthday at a pub in Wiltshire, while Harry’s security searched for him in a blue Ford Fiesta. The 40-year-old described the one-off encounter as ‘passionate and sparky’, but between two friends. ‘It was literally wham-bam between two friends,’ the mum-of-two told the Sun. ‘The sex was passionate and sparky because we shouldn’t have been doing it. One thing just quickly led to another. We ended up on the floor.’ She recalled the two had downed 10 shots of tequila, Baileys and sambuca before heading to a meadow behind the car park of the historic Vine Tree Inn in Norton. ‘We went outside and both climbed a three-bar fence to the field. We were quite drunk at this point,’ Sasha said. ‘I gave Harry a cigarette. I lit mine and then his. He started to kiss me. He was wearing boxers. There was no chatting, no words. ‘It was exciting that it was happening. It was exciting that it was happening like the way it was. We were away for 15 minutes but the sex was about five ­minutes.’ Sasha confirmed she did give Harry a ‘slap’ on his ‘lovely peachy bum’ as per the details of memoir excerpt. Afterward, they made their separate ways back to the pub and, although they had been gone just minutes, the prince’s security team was looking for him. At the time Sasha admitted she did not know this was Harry’s first time as there were ‘no virgin vibes from him’. There had been much speculation who the mystery woman in Harry’s tell-all book, Spare, is. Several women, including actress Elizabeth Hurley, had been forced to deny they were involved with the royal at the time. Sasha and Harry knew each other from when she worked as a stable girl at Highgrove, the country retreat of King Charles, and previously enjoyed trips to polo matches together. The Duke of Sussex opened up about the ‘humiliating’ experience when he was a student at Eton College in 2001, and aged 16 or 17. He wrote: ‘I mounted her quickly, after which she spanked my ass and sent me away. ‘One of my many mistakes was letting it happen in a field, just behind a very busy pub. No doubt someone had seen us.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.