This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Valentine’s Day is around the corner and while you might already be sick of hearing about it, we promise this is one of the fun things related to V-day no matter your relationship status. Wearing romance inspired nails is a simple way to refresh a nail look subtly. Hearts are always the obvious choice, but sweetheart nails, or heart tips, are a chic take on the trend. Instead of having a French tip with a heart whacked in the centre, shift the heart down so its edges become the tip. Creators on TikTok and Instagram have been sharing their take on the look, with any colour working for it. And how do you do it? It’s super easy – you don’t even need anything aside from your one nail polish. All you have to do, like in the video below, is paint downwards to the tip of the nail, starting at where you want the heart to begin on the nail. You could do this on all nails, or just one to keep it minimal. It’s best to use the bottom third of the nail for the look so you can still get the desired heart shape without it taking up the whole nail, but those with shorter nails may need to adapt this. Once you’ve got the heart shape perfected, you may need to go over with a second coat to prevent any patchiness. Keep a cotton pad and acetone nearby so you can practice a couple of times until you get the motion just right for your nails. You should work in light layers, rather than one thick gloop that won’t sit flat along the rest of the nail. Add a top coat if you wish to lock it in, and you’re done. Other takes on the look involve drawing a simple heart outline on the tip, like beauty editor Rebecca Fearn has above. For this, you’d need a nail art brush for precision. Choose any romance-inspired colour from creamy pinks to rich reds, and either mix and match shades across nails or keep it uniform with just one. Ready to give it a go? These are our favourite polishes for the job. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Nude nails are absolutely everywhere – here’s how to get the look at home