Rihanna attracted quite a star-studded crowd as she headlined the Super Bowl halftime show over the weekend. A host of famous faces flocked to Arizona to watch the anticipated performance up close at the State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona – her first live gig in over six years. Hours before the Wild Thoughts singer announced she was pregnant, some of Hollywood’s brightest stars were spotted enjoying the perks of their private VIP boxes where they were treated to all the snacks and drinks they could possibly want. Adele, 34, took a break from her Las Vegas residency to enjoy the NFL game between the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles – who are we kidding, she was obviously there to enjoy Rihanna’s epic set. With a pair of snazzy sunglasses giving her shade, the Someone Like You singer looked every inch a boss in her grey suit, designer handbag and sassy pout as she sat beside her sports agent boyfriend Rich Paul. Over in another plush box was Oscar-nominated actor Bradley Cooper, who was spotted tucking into some nachos on his own before taking up a seat alongside his other very important friends. Cara Delevingne became a Rihanna cheerleader as she wore a comical T-shirt which read: ‘Rihanna concert interrupted by a football game, weird but whatever,’ in reference to the halftime show really being the event people went for. The supermodel then flipped over the shirt to reveal a photo of Rihanna’s face on the other side. There was even more star-studded action taking place down on the pitch, as Jay Z was snapped acting as his daughter Blue Ivy’s cameraman as she grabbed the opportunity to get her content before the game began. However, he then got the chance to meet celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay who looked fully engaged in his chat with the rap icon. At one point, Gordon seemed particularly touched to meet Blue Ivy and respectfully placed his hand over his heart while greeting the pre-teen. It seems Blue was the person to bump into at the event as rapper Lil Uzi Vert looked especially thrilled to meet Beyonce’s 11-year-old daughter and threw up the peace sign and a big smile as they posed for photos. Sir Paul McCartney was seen enjoying the game from the stands alongside his wife Nancy Shevell, while Paul Rudd mingled on the pitch, Billie Eilish had her own VIP box and comedian Kevin Hart watched with his wife Eniko. Rihanna later delivered the main event, the halftime show, in which she revealed she was pregnant with her second child while also reeling off some of her biggest hits, including Diamonds, Where Have You Been and We Found Love. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna confirms she’s pregnant with second child with baby bump snap after headlining Super Bowl halftime show MORE : Rihanna goes all out for epic Super Bowl halftime show of hits, from Umbrella to Diamonds – and there was even time for some Fenty Beauty promo 