Joey Essex went all in on another Dancing On Ice routine on Sunday night, stripping off to skate in pair of small blue glittery swimming trunks. The Towie star offered a fun-filled skate during props week as he and partner Vanessa Bauer incorporated a surfing board – and yet another kiss – into their performance. Their beach-themed skate had Joey and Vanessa dressed for a day in the waves, in co-ordinating sparkling swimwear, which meant just short shorts and matching blue socks for Joey! Skating to Cake By the Ocean by DNCE, the upbeat routine saw Joey glide across the ice on his front, courtesy of the board, as well as ride it horizontally with Vanessa and show off his best front crawl arms as he flew across the ice on one leg. Continuing to build on the romance rumours, and following last week’s awkward swerve from Vanessa as Joey went to kiss her during their High School Musical routine, this time it was the pro that planted a smacker on his cheek. Joey then finished off the ‘gnarly’ dance with a clear lipstick mark on his face. Following the performance, 32-year-old Joey said: ‘We literally just had the best time of our lives.’ Last week, co-host Phillip Schofield couldn’t resist teasing Joey as he leaned in to try to kiss Vanessa at the end of their Disney-inspired routine, which saw them play Troy Bolton and Gabriella Montez. ‘Nearly a little peck at the end there,’ Phil quipped after their skate, while Joey cheekily added: ‘Nearly. Our first kiss on live TV.’ Viewers were left confused and cringing over the exchange, with daytime presenter Lorraine Kelly even getting a little dig in over it afterwards. However, on Sunday the pair claimed their best mark of the series so far with 36.5 out of 40 awarded by judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean. Christopher told the TV personality: ‘It was your best skate so far… You looked in control of the skates tonight.’ Meanwhile, Jayne added: ‘It just made me smile watching you.. You looked very confident, it was great.’ The duo finished up second on the leader board, behind gymnast Nile Wilson and Olivia Smart, and sailed through to next week’s semi-final, and its freshly-announced double elimination. Sadly, this week’s skate-off saw Siva Kaneswaran and Klabera Komini in play again, but they were able to survive by unanimous judges’ vote and it was Carley Stenson and Mark Hanretty who exited the show. Dancing On Ice continues on Sunday at 6:30pm on ITV1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing On Ice’s Jayne Torvill reveals arm injury requiring surgery in sequined sling MORE : Dolly Parton and Elton John among stars paying tribute to Olivia Newton-John for state memorial 