A mum-of-two has been left ‘scarred for life’ after being attacked by a man and woman in a bar on a night out. Jade Kremner, 33, thought she was ‘going to die’ as she was punched, kicked and strangled during the eight-minute ordeal in Oldham, Greater Manchester. She was rushed to hospital with a bump on her head, a 10cm gash on her thigh and swelling to her throat. Now recovering at home, Jade said: ‘It’s just horrific because of the scars and the wounds that she has left on my body. ‘It could have been my arteries and I could be dead.’ Jade was in JLR bar and restaurant on Saturday night when she says the woman went up to her and asked if she was ‘okay’, before suddenly grabbing her hair and dragging her to the floor. The woman allegedly bit her fingers and ripped her hair out. Jade’s sister was also allegedly punched in the head by a man as she attempted to break it up. Jade said the man then punched her in the head, and she was left with strangle marks to her neck. She also has numerous cuts on her backside and thighs, and medics also found two shards of glass in her foot. ‘My windpipe was shutting and closing and that’s when I thought, “Jesus, I need to try and escape.” ‘But I couldn’t escape because she was physically on top of me. I thought I was going to die because I was struggling for my breath.’ The single mum left the bar and reported the attack to police, who told her she needed immediate medical attention. She was sent to A&E in an ambulance where doctors gave her a full body X-Ray, CT scan and a tetanus jab. Jade, from Delph, Greater Manchester, said: ‘Even the doctor said he can’t believe this has happened to me. ‘He said he lives in the area himself and goes out there but he said he always avoids JRL because of violent individuals.’ Jade’s identical twin daughters Ocean and Rosabella, seven, are now too ‘frightened’ to leave the house after learning of the attack. She added: ‘They already are saying they don’t want to go out clubbing and want to stay in with me because they are scared of people hurting others. ‘They are so, so worried.’ A police spokesperson said: ‘We can confirm Greater Manchester Police were made aware of an incident on Market Street, Royton at around 2am on Sunday 12 February 2023. ‘An investigation is now underway into wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. ‘No arrests have been made at this time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.