Hakim Ziyech’s move to Paris Saint-Germain appears to have collapsed at the very last minute after a paperwork blunder from Chelsea, according to reports. The Moroccan had been granted permission to leave Stamford Bridge on deadline day after Chelsea’s massive January splurge, with the likes of Joao Felix and Mykhailo Mudryk usurping him in the pecking order. A loan deal had been fully agreed between PSG and Chelsea and Ziyech successfully passed a medical in Paris and put pen to paper on a contract. However, widespread reports claim Chelsea failed to file the correct documents before Tuesday’s 11pm deadline and the deal now appears to be off. According to French newspaper L’Equipe, the west London club sent the wrong documents three times and the deal could not be completed. Before the right documents were finally sent, the deadline had already elapsed leaving PSG officials absolutely furious. The French champions will appeal to the Ligue de Football Professional, though there is very little optimism that Ziyech’s move will be approved and similar appeals in the past have fallen on deaf ears. A further report from The Athletic claims Chelsea’s actions have been described as a ‘Class A circus’ by PSG’s hierarchy. Ziyech had a host of clubs to chose from, including AC Milan, Roma, RB Leipzig and several Premier League clubs, but opted to join PSG. The 29-year-old has cut a frustrated figure at Stamford Bridge this season – only starting four times in the league and failing to score – and this latest situation will have done little to improve his mood. Chelsea had a very busy end to the window and had most of their resources and recruitment team focused on securing a deal for Enzo Fernandez. A British record fee worth £105million for the Argentine was struck at 10pm on Tuesday evening, though the Blues have had to submit a deal sheet to try and get the transfer over the line. If that deal is confirmed – and Chelsea have managed to file all the appropriate paperwork – it will take their spending to over £250m this month, while it remains to be seen if some players will need to be unregistered from the squad if Ziyech’s move has definitely collapsed. MORE : Rio Ferdinand sends warning to Jorginho after Chelsea midfielder joins Arsenal on transfer deadline day MORE : Chelsea star Marc Cucurella’s stunned reaction to being told Jorginho is joining Arsenal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 