Vladimir Putin has lost yet another general in the war in Ukraine, according to reports. Formerly retired Major-General Dmitry Ulyanov, 44, returned to active service as a commander in Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. But he was killed in a firefight by a Ukrainian sabotage group earlier this week, reports claim. Ulyanov was previously a top paratrooper, and commander of the elite 98th Guards Airborne Division. He went to the current war commanding a regiment of mobilised motorised infantrymen from Tatarstan. Ulyanov had earlier served as the Chief of Staff of the 7th Airborne Division, commander of the 1141st artillery regiment, and commander of the 98th Airborne Division, say open sources. Ulyanov is the first such high ranked commander to be killed for many months. A family friend posted that he had been the son of a commander. ‘Like his father did not sit in the rear, he went to the front line,’ said the eulogy. ‘Glory to the Hero! Glory to the Airborne Forces!’ The death means Putin has lost at least ten such senior commanders. Reports last year named the following top brass killed in the war: Lt-Gen Yakov Rezantsev, 48, Maj-Gen Andrei Kolesnikov, 45, Maj-Gen Andrey Sukhovetsky, , Maj-Gen Vitaly Gerasimov, 44, Maj-Gen Vladimir Frolov, 54, Maj-Gen Andrei Simonov, 55, Maj-Gen Oleg Mityaev, 48, Maj-Gen Kanamat Botashev, 63, and Maj-Gen Roman Kutuzov, 53. Several other earlier claims of high ranking officers killed in the war were not subsequently confirmed. Senior Ukrainian soldiers have also urged Russians to abandon their military posts before they are killed. Lieutenant General Yurii Sodol, head of Ukraine’s marines, said: ‘Before it’s too late, run. Return to your Russian women or surrender, otherwise it’s the fate of a fertiliser on someone else’s land; a black bag or disability awaits you – this is your “happy” future.’ Putin is believed to be amassing an additional 500,000 soldiers to send to Ukraine for a ‘major new offensive’ in the spring. Ukrainian defence minister Oleksii Reznikov said: ‘Officially they announced 300,000 but when we see the troops at the borders, according to our assessments it is much more.’ The Institute for the Study of War claimed an ‘imminent’ Russian offensive is ‘the most likely course of action.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.