Rebel Wilson has spoken candidly about her relationship with girlfriend Ramona Agruma and noted Ramona’s family haven’t been ‘as accepting’ of their relationship. Wilson, 42, came out on social media last year and simultaneously confirmed her and 38-year-old Ramona’s romance. But the A-lister has now expressed her ‘sadness’ over how her partner’s family responded to the news while making sure to add that her own family were ‘amazing’. ‘Ramona’s family hasn’t been as accepting. And so, in many respects, it has been a lot harder on her to have to make the news public,’ Rebel shared. Speaking on the Life Uncut podcast, the Pitch Perfect actress added: ‘With her, she’s not in the public eye, it’s much harder on her. It’s so sad to see what happened with her family over it. Hopefully, people will change their attitude about things.’ Confirming her and Ramona’s romance in June, Rebel wrote on Instagram: ‘I thought I was searching for a Disney Prince… but maybe what I really needed all this time was a Disney Princess #loveislove [sic].’ In November, Australian star Rebel announced that she’d welcomed her first child via surrogate. Underneath a picture of her new daughter dressed in pink with unicorn socks on her tiny feet, the star gushed: ‘Beyond proud to announce the birth of my first child, Royce Lillian, born this past week via surrogate. ‘I can’t even describe the love I have for her, she’s a beautiful miracle! ‘I am forever grateful to everyone who has been involved, (you know who you are), this has been years in the making…but particularly wanted to thank my gorgeous surrogate who carried her and birthed her with such grace and care.’ Since then, the doting mum has shared plenty of motherhood updates with her fans and even Ramona has spoken about their experiences with a newborn. Appearing on Australia’s The Morning Show, Ramona revealed: ‘It’s like you start thinking about someone else instead of yourself, priorities change. ‘When you think, “Aw, I wish I would go have a massage” or something, instead you’re like, “No, I just want to spend time with her and be at home.”’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Rebel’s reps for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis’ former nanny sues for wrongful termination MORE : Eugene Levy’s guided tour of Schitt’s Creek sounds like the best thing ever 