Alan Shearer has endorsed Arsenal’s decision to sign Jorginho from Chelsea and says the Italy midfielder could play a key role for the Gunners as they challenge for the Premier League title. With Jorginho coming to the end of his contract at Stamford Bridge, Chelsea were willing to sell the 31-year-old last month and agreed a £12m deal with London rivals Arsenal. Jorginho, who helped Italy win Euro 2020, made more than 200 appearances for Chelsea during his five-year spell in west London. The Italian lifted the Champions League, Europa League, Club World Cup and Super Cup at Stamford Bridge but his influence had been on the decline before he left. Despite this, Premier League legend Shearer has praised Arsenal’s move for Jorginho, insisting he will a ‘wealth of experience’ to a side challenging for their first Premier League title since 2004. ‘Arsenal are a very, very good team with a really bright and intelligent manager in Mikel Arteta,’ the former England striker said on BBC Radio 5 Live. ‘I really do like the Jorginho signing. He will bring a wealth of experience and that know-how to win and to get over the line. ‘They are still going to be big questions and big times to navigate over the coming months. ‘So who better to get in January than a guy like Jorginho who has been there and done it at every level.’ Jorginho made his Arsenal debut at Goodison Park on Saturday, coming on as a second-half substitute in Everton’s shock 1-0 win. It was only Arsenal’s second defeat of the season but Mikel Arteta was keen to praise his team afterwards, insisting he ‘loves’ them even more than he did before the setback. ‘We had loads of the ball but we lacked that purpose and quality in the final third, we generated many chances,’ Arteta said. ‘But then we conceded and they slowed the game down and we struggled. ‘They do this to every team that is their strength with the height, the physicality is their strength, if you want to control the game against them you have to control this. We did not do that today. ‘We needed more composure and to control emotionally the game better. We gave away so many unnecessary free-kicks and that’s what they want.  ‘Today I love them much better than the week before or a month ago. It is easy to be next to someone when they are winning well. I am still so proud of all of these players, they deserve it. ‘This is not going to be a rose pathway. This is going to be tricky and we will have to dig in and play much better than we did today.’ Arsenal, who remain five points clear at the top of the Premier League following Manchester City’s defeat to Tottenham, will look to get back to winning ways next weekend against in-form Brentford. MORE : Who owns Manchester City, what is their net worth and how much have they spent? MORE : Sam Allardyce reveals ‘worry’ over Chelsea record signing Enzo Fernandez For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 