Physiotherapists, university staff and Department for Work and Pensions workers are going on strike today. In the never-ending spate of industrial action, today will see thousands of people all over the country walk out of work – again. Physiotherapists who are part of the Chartered Society of Physiotherapy (CSP) are taking to the picket lines in an ongoing dispute over pay and retention. This is the second day of the union’s industrial action, affecting 60 trusts across England. More than 4,200 members were estimated to have taken part in the previous strike on January 26. The union said ‘there is currently no option but to announce strike action’ because of ‘the lack of a concrete offer’ from the government. University staff who are members of the University and College Union are also joining the wave of protests today. The union has planned industrial action days that span seven weeks over pay, working conditions and pension cuts. By the end of this strike period, 70,000 staff members across 150 universities will walk out in total. A 4.5% increase has been offered but the union says it ‘needs employers to substantially improve’ this offer. General secretary Jo Grady said: ‘The university sector in the UK has over £40bn sitting in reserves, but instead of using that vast wealth to deliver a cost-of-living pay rise and reverse devastating pension cuts, university vice-chancellors would rather force staff to take strike action and see campuses shut down.’ ‘Students understand that staff working conditions are their learning conditions and we are proud to have their support in these disputes. ‘A system that relies on low pay and the rampant use of insecure contracts is a system which fails everyone.’ Staff members at the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) are also joining the picket lines today. Members of the Public and Commercial Services Union (PCS) say their action is a ‘response to the lack of movement from the Government on their demands on pay, pensions and job security’. They are also calling on the Government to address redundancies and job security, as there are currently plans to close more than 40 DWP offices. Workers in Liverpool – at Toxteth Jobcentre, Liverpool Duke Street Jobcentre, Liverpool City Jobcentre and Liverpool Innovation Park Jobcentre – are walking out. Likewise with staff at Stockport Contact Centre and Bolton Benefit Centre. The PCS represents multiple divisions in the government, including the civil service. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.