Vanessa Hudgens has confirmed she’s engaged to baseball star Cole Tucker, with the couple expressing their happiness with a joyful Instagram post. In one picture, former High School Musical star Vanessa can be seen wearing a dazzling diamond ring, showcasing the beautiful rock for the camera with Paris’ Eiffel Tower behind them. Cole, 26, is hugging Vanessa, 34, from behind, with the pair donning matching black coats while bracing the cold winter weather in France. In the second photo on their joint social media post, Vanessa revealed a close-up of her engagement ring, as it sparkled in the moonlight in the City of Love. ‘YES. We couldn’t be happier,’ she wrote in the caption, as fans and friends rushed to congratulate them both. The confirmation of their engagement comes after it was recently reported that the couple were set to walk down the aisle. It was claimed that they became engaged sometime in late 2022, after going on a romantic trip to Paris together in November. Modern Family star Sarah Hyland, a close friend of Vanessa’s, commented on her Instagram post by quoting Thank Goodness from the musical Wicked, writing: ‘Couldn’t be happier right here, Look what we’ve got a fairy-tale plot, Our very own happy ending.’ ‘Love you guys,’ said Pretty Little Liars star Ashley Benson, while Pitch Perfect’s Brittany Snow wrote: ‘CONGRATS v!!! Love love love.’ ‘I’m so happy for you both beauty!! Amazing,’ said model Nazanin Mandi, while Emily In Paris star Ashley Park commenteD: ‘MY GOSHHHH congrats my love!!!!’ Vanessa and Cole, a Major League Baseball star, were first romantically linked back in November 2020. The actress recently revealed that they met during a ‘Zoom meditation group’, which she admitted was a ‘random’ introduction. ‘Me and Cole met on a Zoom meditation group. Very random, yes. Zoom, you’ve got to love it,’ she told Entertainment Tonight. Having previously been in a relationship with Elvis star Austin Butler, Vanessa confirmed her romance with Cole on Valentine’s Day in 2021, posting a picture of them on Instagram sharing a tender kiss. ‘It’s you, it’s me, it’s us,’ she wrote in the caption at the time. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Austin Butler finally gives Vanessa Hudgens credit for Elvis role after her apparent dig at ex’s ‘snub’ MORE : Vanessa Hudgens will definitely be ‘tuning in’ to Love Island: ‘I want to watch it get messy’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 