A racist letter sent to the home of a Black activist is being investigated by counter-terrorism police. Lawyer Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu often uses her platform to discuss issues such as diversity, inequality and women’s rights. The British-Nigerian academic was left disgusted after being sent a letter which claimed to be from National Action London – a Neo-Nazi terror group. The abusive letter was sent to her home address threatening to kill her and members of her family. National Action is a British right-wing extremist organisation founded in 2013, and was declared a terrorist group by the Government in 2016. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu told her followers on Twitter: ‘I have received “a serious threat from National Action London” notifying me of their “intention to kill” me and my family. ‘They name my husband and home address. They don’t consider killing me “murder” they call it an “execution”. ‘This letter was through my front door. This is Britain.’ Dr Mos-Shogbamimu was thrown grim insults and labelled a ‘constant troublemaker and liar’ in the disturbing letter. It continues: ‘You make a shabby living from criticising and race grifting against ethnic white Europeans and our culture. ‘You are a dreg of the multicultural society… We are watching you. This is a serious notice from National Action London. We are notifying you of our intention to kill you and your family.’ The message goes on to make claims the group has placed her and her family on their ‘kill list’. The letter also tells her to ‘leave the UK ASAP to avoid what’s coming to you’ and that someone is ‘watching her house’. The letter goes on to include racist abuse and slurs. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu said in the thread she has also been receiving a number of calls from a number which hangs up as soon as she answers. ‘It happened quite a number of times recently that I felt irked enough to mention it to my husband that it was weird/annoying but I didn’t dwell on it,’ she wrote. The Metropolitan Police’s Counter Terrorism Command is now leading an investigation into the letter, as well as a separate ‘transphobic’ letter sent to someone else, The Independent reports. Metro.co.uk has contacted the Met for further comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.