Vanessa Feltz has admitted she’s feeling ‘battered and bruised’ on her 61st birthday, following her split from her partner of 16 years Ben Ofoedu, who admitted to cheating on her. The presenter had a horrific start to the year when singer Ben, 50, confessed to sleeping with an older woman three times back in 2015, along with several other incidents, which became apparent to Vanessa on Christmas Day 2022. So it’s been one hell of a year so far for the TalkTV host, who has now confronted her feelings and how she feels ‘battered and bruised’ on her 61st birthday. She wrote in her column for The Express: ‘What a difference 12 months makes. I started a new all-singing, all-dancing job at TalkTV after 33 years at the Beeb, embarked on Instagram and now have 330k followers, became a grandma for the fourth time when Cecily Violet was born and five weeks ago became unexpectedly single. ‘I was born and bred to be married. I grew up listening to Fiddler On The Roof with “Matchmaker, Matchmaker” on a loop, so it’s something of an adjustment. ‘But I’m marching on, best foot forward in the time-honoured position, my heart a bit battered and bruised but grateful to be alive and curious about who and what the future will bring.’ As her column was published, musican Ben seemingly made a public showing for Vanessa’s birthday, posting a picture on his Instagram story of a massive birthday cake, with no other context. Could the singer be trying to butter up to his ex? The Phats and Small musician was found out by Vanessa’s daughter Allegra Kurer, whom the presenter shares with ex-husband Michael Kure. According to the 37-year-old and her full sister Saskia, 34, the pair received abusive messages on Christmas Day from an anonymous source detailing stories of their mum’s fiancé’s infidelity. While a few of the stories later proved to be true, separate content of the messages was apparently so vile the sisters got the police involved after deciding to tell their mother about the alleged incidents. After the cheating rumours were found to be true, Vanessa said she was ‘humiliated’ and heartbroken by the ordeal, and even turned to This Morning viewers for advice. Ben said of his time in Ibiza: ‘I met her on the gig scene. She was the same age as Vanessa, possibly older. She took a shine to me, said lots of nice things. ‘Over a short period of time we had sex three times. It was purely sexual, there were no feelings involved. It felt like a chore. I just fell back into it with her to keep her sweet and everything under wraps.’ The pair got engaged in 2006, and Ben cited his insecurity from such a long engagement as one of the reasons he ended up cheating. This comes after Ben claimed the split has left him homeless, after Vanessa kicked him out of the £3.5million north London home. Vanessa seemed to be healing well as she took a trip to her ‘beloved’ Cork to grab a break from the ordeal, but the star appeared to take a jab at her ex in a recent Instagram post in which she seemed to call him a ‘snake’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vanessa Feltz appears to take savage swipe at ex-fiancé Ben Ofoedu with blink and you’ll miss it photo MORE : Vanessa Feltz’s children ‘engulfed in sorrow’ after her split from cheating fiance Ben Ofoedu 