Alyssa Milano has said sorry to Britney Spears for a tweet the hitmaker said was akin to ‘bullying’. On Wednesday, Britney shared a tweet written by the My Name Is Earl star in December and said Alyssa’s remark ‘felt like bullying’ while also pointing out the actress doesn’t even know her. Alyssa, 50, has now privately reached out to the 41-year-old Toxic singer with a supportive message. On December 21, Charmed star Alyssa tweeted: ‘Someone please go check on Britney Spears.’ Reposting the tweet on Instagram this week, Britney said: ‘It saddens me to see things about me from people who don’t know me! This definitely feels like a form of bullying! Ladies, we are supposed to be rooting for one another not pulling one another down.’ It’s unclear exactly what Alyssa’s apology message said or whether Britney responded, but the former’s spokesperson confirmed to TMZ on Wednesday that she’s reached out with ‘a supportive message’. In recent weeks, Britney’s fans have been left concerned for her welfare after she changed her name to River Red on Instagram before deactivating her account completely, resulting in police turning up at the star’s house to check on her. After police showed up at Britney’s home last week, she said the experience left her feeling ‘gaslit’ and ‘bullied’. The Grammy-winning singer reinstated her Instagram account to address online gossip with a defiant message, insisting she’s ‘not having a breakdown’ but ‘moving forward in my life’. ‘Yes I took my Instagram down and now it’s back up because I can!!!’, the popstar wrote, adding that people should ‘think again’ if they ‘think they know my story’. Following the end of her 13-year conservatorship, in which her father controlled her life and finances until 2021, she claimed that she is ‘not this girl or that girl’, but instead River Red, and happily free. ‘Being able to volumise my voice in a world where I lost my rights … for 15 years … gives me an opportunity to succeed !!!’, the musician added. ‘Opportunity to know I matter and maybe if you walked in my shoes then maybe just maybe you could understand.’ She said she is ‘still learning this no rules thing’ now she’s got control over her life, but she feels ‘younger’ and ‘in awe’. ‘Unfortunately I’m boring as hell and drink hot chocolate at night!!!’, Britney added. ‘I’ve waited nearly 15 years to drink alcohol only to realise I hate it!!! It makes me sad and I feel bloated, although food tastes better.’ She concluded the post by seemingly mocking the people who make fun of her for showing her body on the app, claiming she doesn’t want to ‘stay humble’ but would ‘rather show my a**’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers convinced Zara Lackenby-Brown will return in shocking Casa Amor twist: ‘This cannot be it’ MORE : Emmerdale spoilers: Hospital emergency for Sarah, Paddy and Mandy drunk sex  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 