Alex Reid has asked for prayers after his pregnant fiancee Nikki Manashe was rushed to hospital after experiencing heavy bleeding. The former Celebrity Big Brother star announced earlier this year that he was expecting twins with Nikki, after the couple went through in vitro fertilisation (IVF), which is where a woman’s egg is fertilised with sperm in a laboratory. They are already parents to one-year-old daughter Anastasia, who they welcomed in 2021. However on Tuesday, Alex, 47, shared a heartbreaking update on social media, announcing that Nikki was in hospital with pregnancy complications. In an Instagram post, he asked fans to ‘please just pray for my family’, and added: ‘Dear God, ‘I come to you today with a heavy heart, asking for your help and guidance for Nikki @ivf_mama_nikki and my twins. ‘Last night we had the most traumatic evening and Nikki’s waters broke and has had heavy bleeding. She is 18 weeks pregnant and is currently experiencing complications in the hospital. Please god keep my babies and Nikki safe. ‘We pray they make it to full term, I ask that you watch over her and my unborn children, and please help them to reach 23 weeks so that they can have the steroids they need to develop and breath. ‘Please provide them with the strength, health, and protection they need during this difficult time.’ Alex continued: ‘I pray that Nikki and the twins feel your love and presence during this trying time, and that they are comforted by the support of their family and friends. May they find peace and strength in your grace, and may they emerge from this experience with renewed hope, joy, and gratitude.’ In a follow-up video, Alex updated fans on Nikki’s health and revealed she was finally catching sleep after being awake for 24 hours. He also detailed the ‘scary’ moment he heard her scream and found her surrounded by ‘lots of blood’ before making the decision to rush her to hospital. The couple, who got engaged in 2014, have been open about their fertility journey having tried IVF for seven years. In July 2021, Alex and Nikki welcomed their first child together, daughter Anastasia. It came after Nikki suffered her fifth miscarriage in 2019 with their child who they named Phoenix. Announcing their daughter’s arrival, Nikki penned a heartfelt poem which read: ‘Welcome to the world little Miss Reid. ‘I loved you from the very start, you stole my breath, embraced my heart. Our life together has just begun, You’re part of me my little one. ‘As mother with child, each day I grew, my mind has always been with thoughts of you. As you lay next to me I dim the light, I whisper, “I will always say I love you” every night.’ She continued: ‘I loved you from the very start, you stole my breath, embraced my heart. ‘As mother and child our journey has just begun, my heart’s yours forever my perfect little one.’ MORE : Rihanna shows off growing baby bump as she celebrates turning 35 with A$AP Rocky MORE : Chloe Madeley defends herself after being shamed for taking six-month-old baby in taxi without car seat 