An Iranian sports photographer who was detained shortly before he was due to follow his dream of going to the World Cup has been freed after five months in prison. Arya Jafari is said to have been held in order to suppress media coverage of the protests which broke out across Iran after the death of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini in police custody. His arrest came amid a draconian crackdown on dissent by the country’s hardline clerical rulers, depriving the former athlete of a chance to go to Qatar, where the national team was in England’s group. Although his release has not been officially confirmed, Iran’s state media said on Sunday that pardons and reduced sentences had been issued to ‘tens of thousands’ of prisoners, including those linked to the anti-government protests. A picture showing Mr Jafari with a bunch of flowers was tweeted by the Shargh Daily news channel yesterday along with the caption: ‘Arya Jafari, a news photographer, has been released on bail.’ Saman Javadi, who runs social media channels dedicated to the Iran football team, welcomed the news but told Metro.co.uk that other journalists remained behind bars. ‘Once I read the news, I became very happy,’ he said. ‘I believe it’s vital that Iranian journalists should all be freed in order to guarantee freedom of expression and information. ‘We have to remember that since the beginning of the protests, most of the reports came from the Islamic Republic and its supporters, political dissidents based abroad and social media. ‘So there was no possibility to have fact-checking by independent journalists in Iran. We need to support the freedom of the Iranian journalists and follow the independent media.’ Mr Javadi, who lives in Italy, confirmed the picture showed ‘Arya right outside the prison after he was released’ and said that flowers are given in Iran at times of celebration. He added that athletes and members of the media had asked publicly for Mr Jafari to be released after his arrest on September 25 amid the protests over the death of Ms Amini. Mr Javadi referred to the case of photojournalist Yalda Moaiery, a documentary photographer based in Tehran. A month ago, she posted a picture of Mr Jafari on Instagram showing her in the background with a caption saying ‘these days prison is a place for noble people like you’ and how she was looking forward to seeing him again. In her last post four weeks ago, she told how she had been sentenced to six years in prison for covering the ‘people’s movement in Iran’, which included working as a municipal sweeper in a women’s park for two months. Mr Jafari, 34, was previously detained after protests in 2014 which were triggered by a spate of acid attacks against women. The former Iran national kayaker had retweeted a picture of unrest on the streets of the country in his last post on the platform. He is said to have been arrested during the unprecedented protests in response to the death of Ms Amini after she was detained for not wearing her compulsory hijab properly. Many women joined the shows of dissent despite an often violent response from the police. Mr Jafari, from the central city of Isfahan, was held on ‘unknown’ charges, according to the Journalism is Not a Crime human rights group. On Instagram, the photographer’s friend and colleague Amir Hosseini said he ‘could have remained silent’ and followed his ‘dream’ of covering a World Cup by making the trip to Qatar. The Iran Human Rights group, which is based in Norway, said in December that at least 100 people had been sentenced to death or charged with capital offences in connection with the protests. At least four people have been executed over the dissent after ‘grossly unfair trials’, according to Amnesty International. The pardons or commuted sentences for prisoners, including those linked to the protests, are said to have been approved by Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. However several groups of people will not be shown leniency, including those accused of ‘espionage for the benefit of foreigners’ according to state news agency IRNA. The channel said that ‘tens of thousands of convicts’ would be granted amnesties or reduced sentences, ‘including the detainees of the recent riots’. The pardons are an annual occurrence marking the anniversary of the 1979 Islamic Revolution, the end of Iran’s royal dynasty and the beginning of the current regime. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.