Would you be brave enough to take on the world’s fastest zipline? Sally Webster, 85, certainly is. The pensioner reached eye-watering speeds of 100mph as she took to the skies over Penrhyn Slate Quarry in the Welsh county of Gwynedd. She was joined by 52-year-old daughter Juliet on the impressive 1.5km long zipline. They were hooked up to the Velocity 2 zipwire run by Zip World, which claims to be the fastest zipline in the world and the longest in Europe. The adventure was made possible by Sally’s care home who organised the exciting day out. She said: ‘Wow! Doing the zipline today really made me feel alive. ‘I was nervous at first but so excited. I never thought at my age I’d see myself at the top of Snowdonia – never mind ziplining down it! ‘The best part was getting to do the zipline together with my daughter.’ Donning goggles, a hard hat and padded safety suit, Sally was pictured smiling with her arms raised in the air alongside her daughter after completing her descent. ‘The drive to the summit was breathtaking, and seeing the mountain ranges and the fresh country air reminded me of where I grew up as a child,’ she said. This is not the first time Sally has taken on a thrilling activity, as in her mid-sixties she paraglided over Morzine, France. She was also an active member of the Fulbourne Ramblers group for more than 20 years and spent her time hiking around East Anglia and Europe. ‘All I can say is a big thank you to the team for organising it, and once again, wow!’ Sally added. Her day at the zipline was organised after her care home installed a ‘wishing tree’ on which residents were allowed to suggest hobbies or activities they would like to try. Sally Cooper, home manager at Deewater Grange, said: ‘Here at Deewater Grange, no wish is too big or too small, and so when Sally said she wanted to complete the world’s fastest zipline, we knew we had to make her daring dream a reality. ‘We are thrilled to have helped Sally complete her once-in-a-lifetime wish and it was wonderful to see the excitement on her face as she landed after her zipline – a big thank you to the team at Zip World too for helping make Sally’s dream come true.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.