Friends actor David Schwimmer, Gemma Collins and Little Mix’s Jesy Nelson are leading a mega cast for The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer. 20 new celebrities are desperate for Paul Hollywood’s signature handshake as they take to the baking tent later this year. Ross Geller actor David and the GC will be joined by an iconic list of celebs, including The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades, Dragons Den’s Deborah Meaden, and even AJ Odudu. Loose Women stars Judi Love and Coleen Nolan, Olympic gold medallist Tom Daley and Top Gear star Paddy McGuinness will also be testing their baking skills. As if that wasn’t enough, Channel 4 announced Strictly Come Dancing star Ellie Taylor, Bafta nominated comedian Rose Matafeo, Shaun of the Dead actress Jessica Hynes, and I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! star Adele Roberts are also joining. Comedian Tom Davis, writer Mike Wozniak, radio star Tim Key, filmmaker David Morrissey, comedian Joe Thomas and writer Lucy Beaumont complete the epic line-up. They’ll all be competing to win Star Baker and avoid any soggy bottoms under the eyes of judges Paul, Dame Prue Leith and hosts Noel Fielding and Matt Lucas. Matt returns to the Bake Off tent one last time since stepping down from the role, after the comedian explained that he had found it difficult to balance multiple commitments. The 48-year-old wrote: ‘xxx Farewell Bake Off! It’s been a delicious experience and I can’t imagine a more fun way of spending my summers, but it’s become clear to me that I can’t present both ‘Fantasy Football League’ and ‘Bake Off’ alongside all my other projects. ‘So, after three series and 51 episodes, I am cheerfully passing the baguette on to someone else.’ Last year’s Celebrity Bake Off saw the likes of Ed Gamble and Alex Horne taking on the technicals, with Emma Willis and Ellie Goulding amongst those being crowned Star Baker. Stand Up To Cancer is a joint national fundraising campaign from Cancer Research UK and Channel 4. More than £93 million has been raised in the UK to date. To find out more about Stand Up To Cancer and how you can support, visit su2c.org.uk or channel4.com/SU2C. The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer returns to Channel 4 later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Schwimmer admits criticism of Friends’ poor diversity is ‘appropriate’ but calls out lack of Jewishness MORE : Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu joined by shirtless boyfriend Davide Sanclimenti for steamy snog in disco Dancing On Ice routine 