The last person living on ‘Britain’s loneliest street’ after he refused to move out is still spending money decorating his home. Nick Wisniewski, 67, has no neighbours in the 128 flats around him after eight blocks on Stanhope Place in Wishaw, North Lanarkshire, were scheduled for demolition. Despite repeated offers to buy him out, Nick has refused to leave and blasted council chiefs, who he claims haven’t spoken to him since November 2021. Retired bank worker Nick says no one cleans the block anymore and the halls have been left in darkness with lights no longer coming on in other floors. He also claims an area in the car park outside of his flat has become an eyesore with rubbish piled up and grass badly overgrown. North Lanarkshire Council initially offered Nick £35,000 and two years’ rent to move out of the flat, which he bought in 2017 under the Right to Buy scheme. But Nick turned down the offers, claiming it was too low and failed to take into account rising house prices. Instead, the pensioner has spent nearly £2,000 repainting, carpeting his living room and panelling his hall – and said he has no plans to leave. Nick said: ‘I have painted the whole flat and done some wallpapering in the hall and living room. ‘I put up some wood panelling in the hall, it’s looking really nice. ‘I had to get a new cooker too, so all in I think it cost me between £1,500 and £2,000. ‘I’m not worried about spending money on the flat because I think I am going to be here for a while, I have still heard nothing from the council. ‘At the end of last year they said they were doing a compulsory purchase order but they haven’t even notified me about it. ‘I don’t know if it was all a ploy to try and scare me into contacting them – but why should I have to get in touch with them. ‘If they want me to go they need to get in touch with me. ‘The last time I spoke to anyone from the council about it was November 2021, it’s absolutely shocking.’ He said the area used to be buzzing with around 200 people, but the last residents left in December 2021. ‘When I found out I was going to be the last person left on the street I really did worry there would be a problem, but thankfully there hasn’t been any trouble,’ he said. ‘I could be wrong, but I am assuming the council are holding off until they build the new bungalows and maybe they will offer me one of them. ‘They initially said they would give me two years rent free, but I would want more than that now. ‘If they are offering me money for the flat it would need to be near the £100,000 mark now – prices have gone up, everything is more expensive now.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.