The Six Nations clash between Wales and England will go ahead in Cardiff on Saturday after Welsh players dropped their threat of strike action. Having set themselves a Wednesday deadline to resolve their contract dispute with the Welsh Rugby Union, the players agreed to play after discussing a range of issues at their training base. The strike threat came as a result of a new six-year financial agreement between the Welsh Rugby Union and its four regions not being confirmed and no budgets finalised. That left many players out of contract at their regional sides at the end of the season. But acting WRU chief executive Nigel Walker – whose body could have lost £10million if the match had been off – said: ‘I’m pleased to announce that after extensive discussions over the last week the Wales-England game will go ahead as scheduled. ‘It’s important going forward that we continue the dialogue of the last week or so, but not under the circumstances we’ve had. Ken [Owens, the Wales captain] and I and some of the senior players will be meeting more regularly.’ Owens said: ‘We’re obviously happy but there’s obviously been huge frustration over the last number of months. ‘I was disappointed it got to this stage but I think the collaboration, the conversations that have taken place, have shown some positive resolutions can be found. ‘It’s been a difficult period over the last sort of year, 18 months. Hopefully we don’t end up here again. ‘It’s got to be a long-term solution because Welsh rugby can’t keep going around on this merry-go-round of crisis after crisis. ‘Everybody really needs to pull together to put Welsh rugby back at the top end of world rugby and not the laughing stock which I think we are at the moment.’ Players wanted the contentious minimum 60-cap Test selection rule for those plying their trade outside Wales to be scrapped, plus a voice at Professional Rugby Board (PRB) meetings. Walker said: ‘Gareth Lewis, chief executive of the WRPA (Welsh Rugby Players Association), attended his first PRB meeting earlier today. He’s got a standing invite.’ MORE : Courtney Lawes could return for England against Wales in Six Nations clash MORE : How much do rugby players get paid? For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.