Speedboat driver Michael Lawrence has been acquitted of manslaughter after a teenage girl died when he crashed his boat. The skipper, 55, was found guilty of failing to maintain a proper lookout and failing to maintain a safe speed after Emily Lewis, 15, died in a crash on Southampton Water. At Winchester Crown Court, the jury took nearly 18 hours to convict Michael Howley, 52, the owner of Seadogz, the company which operated the boat trip, with not operating the boat safely. Emily sustained ‘unsurvivable’ injuries when the rigid inflatable boat (RIB) she was riding in hit a buoy at 36.8 knots on August 22, 2020. A number of other passengers were seriously injured during the crash. Lawrence of Blackfield, New Forest was described as an ‘extremely experienced mariner’ who took risks by ‘failing to pay attention’ as he performed stunts during what was advertised as a ‘high thrills’ ride, a court previously heard during the trial. Christine Agnew KC, prosecuting, told the court that Emily’s parents, Simon and Nikki Lewis, had decided to take their daughters for the speedboat ride. ‘This was to be a high-thrills ride. Tragically it was both a high-thrills and ultimately an extremely dangerous ride, which ended with the death of Emily,’ the barrister said. ‘She died from internal injuries she sustained by being crushed against the metal handle immediately in front of her, when the boat crashed head-on into a metal buoy which Michael Lawrence appears not to have seen. ‘Perhaps because he wasn’t paying attention and was distracted, or because he was planning to take a sharp turn around it, and because he wasn’t paying close enough attention, he miscalculated the turn. ‘In either event the prosecution say that his actions that day fell far below those of a competent skipper,’ she added. As part of the ride, which took place in ‘perfect conditions’, the Stormforce 950 rib crossed the wake of the Red Falcon ferry five times before it then headed straight towards the North West Netley buoy, which measures 4.69m above the water line. The Rib travelled straight towards the buoy before hitting it, throwing two passengers into the water and injuring several others. Emily suffered severe internal injuries after being crushed against the metal handle in front of her. She was taken ashore by another Rib and then by ambulance to hospital. She died after her family took the decision to turn off her life support system after being told by doctors that she had suffered oxygen starvation to the brain and she would not survive her injuries. Lawrence, who took a selfie on board the boat earlier that morning, initially blamed the accident on his Covid face mask being blown up by the wind and covering his eyes. However, after mobile phone footage emerged which contradicted his claims, he ‘changed his story’ and claimed to have had a momentary loss of vision after experiencing some form of blackout, the jury was told. The former lifeboatman told the trial that he had lost his vision momentarily prior to hitting the buoy. The court heard that a medical cause such as a blood clot in an artery in his eye was unlikely to have caused vision loss as it was unlikely to have affected both eyes at once. Lawrence was said in court to be an ‘extremely experienced mariner’ and his co-defendant described him as ‘Mr Safe and Mr Cautious’. As well as serving as an RNLI lifeboatman for 20 years, he held a number of qualifications and he was also the principal of his own RYA recognised training centre, A2Sea, which held power boat courses. Howley, of Hordle, New Forest, who is also a former lifeboatman, said that he used his experience on rescues to inform the risk assessments that he carried out for his business to ensure the safety of the passengers and staff. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.