Rishi Sunak has warned world leaders they must come together and arm Ukraine further against Russian aggression. Speaking at the Munich Security Conference, the Prime Minister said the move was necessary to prevent a spring offensive from Vladimir Putin. He said the west needs to put down the foundations to strengthen Kyiv’s security in the long-term. Mr Sunak said this would allow Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky’s forces to gain a ‘decisive advantage on the battlefield’. The PM said Britain is playing its part by sending Challenger 2 tanks and training Ukrainian pilots to fly Nato-standard fighter jets. He told the summit: ‘Our collective efforts is making a difference but with every day that passes, Russian forces inflict yet more pain and suffering. ‘Now the only way to change that is for Ukraine to win.’ He added: ‘We need to do more to boost Ukraine’s long-term security. ‘We must give them the advanced, Nato-standard capabilities that they need for the future. ‘And we must demonstrate that we’ll remain by their side, willing and able to help them defend their country again and again.’ He continued: ‘That would be my pitch to everyone … is do what we are doing, join the countries that are providing that support, intensifying and accelerating it now … I think the alternative is far worse. ‘We are all united in wanting Ukraine to win and if there’s an opportunity to do that sooner, and take advantage of the moment that we have, why would we not seize it? ‘What are we waiting for?’ Other speakers at the summit included US vice president Kamala Harris and Nato secretary general Jens Stoltenberg. Before the speech, Mr Sunak held talks with German chancellor Olaf Scholz and will later speak with Ms Harris, along with the leaders of Poland, Sweden and Finland. The UK has provided £2.3 billion of military support to Ukraine and Mr Sunak said he was committed to matching or exceeding that contribution this year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.