With each new generation of pop music comes a new wave of people who discover The Ketchup Song’s true translation and promptly lose their minds. The Ketchup Song, the full title of which is Aserejé (The Ketchup Song), was performed by Spanish vocal group Las Ketchup. It became a international hit during the summer of 2002 when it reached number one in the UK, several countries across the rest of Europe, and Australia. The song, which is performed in Spanglish, a language that combines Spanish and English, saw Las Ketchup become an all-time classic one-hit-wonder group. Selling over seven million copies worldwide, it also became the biggest-selling song of 2002 in France and the 50th biggest-selling song of the entire 2000s in the UK. Despite its widespread popularity, The Ketchup Song’s association with another big hit, The Sugarhill Gang’s Rapper’s Delight, still blows people’s minds. The Ketchup Song follows its protagonist, Diego, who enters a night club and asks the DJ to play his favourite song: Rapper’s Delight. A user on Twitter explains the rest: ‘As a Spanish speaker I’ve only just now realized that The Ketchup Song’s chorus chorus is Diego not knowing the actual English words. Diego’s song was Rapper’s Delight.’ Rapper’s Delight, which reached number three in the UK in December 1979, was a landmark moment as hip hop entered the British pop charts for the first time. The song is most famous for its introduction, which features rapper Wonder Mike performing the iconic hook: ‘I said a hip-hop, the hippie, the hippie to the hip hip hop, you don’t stop the rockin.’ Everyone who knows Aserejé will be humming it in their heads already: ‘Aserejé ja, de jé, de jebe tu de jebere sebiunouva, majabi an de bugui an de buididipí’. Turns out it’s the exact same! Speaking in 2022 to Rolling Stone, Las Ketchup member Lola said: ‘Diego likes Rapper’s Delight by The Sugarhill Gang.’ ‘Diego goes out onto the street, Diego drinks his drinks. What comes out is the same as what I would sing if I wanted to sing that rap, because I don’t know a lot of English.’ The more you know! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Miley Cyrus prompts massive boost in flower sales at Lidl thanks to smash-hit new single MORE : Charli XCX continues tirade on why women weren’t nominated for best artist at Brit Awards 