Welcome to How I Do It, the series in which we give you a seven-day sneak peek into the sex life of a stranger. This week, we hear from Queen Tricks, a heterosexual mum who works as a pro dominatrix and is the director of an aptly-named camming platform called Domin8trix. ‘I take kinky fantasies and turn them into a reality,’ she tells Metro.co.uk, ‘where every submissive can feel comfortable and at ease in the knowledge they’ll be accepted in a non-judgmental environment.’ The 37-year-old has also been engaged for 18 years. ‘I will get round to marrying my alpha one day,’ she says. ‘Our lives are so busy, we genuinely haven’t got round to it. ‘We were supposed to go to Barbados to get married, but the pandemic happened, and now it’s on the back burner. ‘My parents were together 34 years before getting married, so I feel as though I’m following their pattern. Who knows, maybe it’ll be the same for us.’ When asked what she likes about her sex life, Queen Tricks says: ‘I appreciate my partner. ‘From time to time, when we both have the energy, we like to get the kitchen spatula out and have a bit of spanking and flogger time – obviously when the children aren’t here.’ Without any further ado, here’s how Queen Tricks and (her clients) got on this week… Warning: The following is, as you might imagine, not safe for work. I always start my morning at around 10:30 online. The thing with camming is you never know what each day will bring, although I do have one particular customer called ‘Roberta’ who comes to see me every single day. Roberta is a sissy from the US. For anybody unfamiliar with the BDSM community, the term ‘sissy’ refers to a man dressed as a woman, who also wants the fantasy or real-life experience of being treated like a woman. Roberta presents herself each day at around 3pm. Today she’s wearing a honey-blonde wig, slutty red lipstick and sexy lingerie. She’s collected at least 50 sets over our time together. I tell her to shake her bum at the camera before giving me a catwalk show that showcases her underwear collection. She pouts at me before doing as instructed. After showing off her lingerie, Roberta sucks big dildos that she can deep-throat to the base. I can’t deny that I’m incredibly impressed by her skills, but believe it or not, this isn’t the most interesting part. Roberta works throughout our session and takes important business calls whilst we cam, pausing only to further prove her sucking skills further and tremble with pleasure as I use my remote to control toy in – what I like to call – her boy pussy. I love to watch her order employees around whilst ordering her around myself. Imagine what those on the other end of the phone would think if they knew what she was doing. Today it was a real ball-buster – literally! A lot of men that pay for my services like their c**k and balls to be tied up, which has to be done correctly, so I make sure my services come with the appropriate training. Today involves a lot of rope, pegs and paddles. Later, I can still hear the spanking echoing in my ears. In general, Wednesdays can be slightly quieter, so midweek I offer double domme sessions. This keeps me very busy today. I find Wednesdays also bring a lot of men who come in for humiliation. This usually means they have extremely tiny penises and like to be told how pathetic they are, and how they will never please a woman with a c**k so small. Today, this small penis humiliation led to a few cuckold roleplay sessions. I brandish dildos, ranging from eight to 12 inches, and compare them to the feeble genitals being presented on screen. I tell the men that the only thing they would be good for is sitting in a corner and watching how a man with a big c**k can pleasure a woman. I’m sure a lot of readers are wondering if I ever feel guilty for saying things like this, and the answer is no. I love my job and I know these guys really get off on it. What’s there to feel bad about? I love to wear shiny latex and PVC when on cam. The amount of people that come on to worship my boots and my outfits is crazy. I have a few that like to come in for hypnosis too. Today, I act the following scenario: I’m being pulled over in a car, and they are a police officer. I go on to question them about why they are staring at my outfit and body. I stand up and get into the camera and talk to them in a sultry voice about the shine of my outfit. I slowly rub oil into my outfit and tell them how I bet they wish they could be in a trance, rubbing the oil into the material and feeling it glide against their palms. I make them lie down and imagine I’m in the room with them, slowly massaging my latex into the mic, so they can feel and hear the sound go up and down their body. It’s at this point where they like to start feeling sleepy, and I have them in a trance. I love doing sessions like this with calming music playing in the background, it feels so sensual. I sometimes do a cam quiz night on Fridays, and tonight is one of those nights. Everybody has to have credits to be able to take part. I dish out questions and whoever answers correctly stays safe. For those who answer incorrectly, I decide whether they should give me a tip OR I give them a task to do, and they need to send me evidence once it’s been completed. Tonight, I make a viewer spank themselves until their cheeks are bright red and tell another guy to give himself a wedgie. Quiz night always goes down a treat and I usually have around 10-15 people in my live stream at once. It’s a great earner and a whole lot of fun for everyone involved. I am up early on Saturday. My six-month-old puppy, Vizsla, usually gives me a wake-up call at around 4:30/5am. I do find being up early gives me a good head start on my day as a mum. This really is a vanilla day for me with no kinky online sessions. Saturday is usually very quiet online, which allows me to shut off and enjoy the day with all my boys (puppy included). I usually spend the day running around after my two-year-old and seven-year-old.  It would seem that there really is no getting away from men in my life, but I embrace every moment. My eldest son (18) knows what I do for a living. He looks up to me for starting a business that empowers women and admires the desire I have to run a successful business with my webcam platform. This shows him that anybody is capable of doing anything if they put their mind to it. Aside from Domin8trix, his dad and I run a consultancy and headhunting business, too. Our eldest sees how hard we both work and I have no doubt he will find his feet the older he gets. My morning starts with my youngest demanding pancakes and tea as soon as he wakes, while my seven-year-old asks for a Nutella sandwich with fresh apple juice. After they eat, my eldest walks downstairs like a zombie and grunts at me, which I know means “what’s for breakfast?”. Later, we all go on a family walk to our local common and relax for a few hours before I start to prepare a roast for dinner. The day has been hectic with screaming, listening to Baby Shark on repeat and the kids doing karate on each other in the lounge. Finally, it is time for them to go to bed, which allows me and my partner to have some time to ourselves. We relax and watch a movie cuddled up on the sofa. It really is a nice, ‘normal’ day in comparison to my dominatrix life. I take some time in the morning doing the usual mum stuff, prepping a roast dinner and slowly going insane as I hear Baby Shark on repeat again. As Sunday is one of the best days for camming, however, so I do always try and squeeze in a little extra online time. I have a lot of customers that like to talk and just need someone to listen to them in a judgment-free space, where they can truly be themselves and speak their mind. There’s a lot of stigma around the sex industry and one common misconception is that you have to be constantly harsh as a dominatrix. I am perfectly capable of showing empathy and I NEVER treat my customers as just a username. They all have their different needs and I adapt my role to everyone. I’m delighted to say that Roberta was also back online today. She got out her collection of six blow-up dolls (all of which are named, of course) and I watch her use all of them in one session. I make Roberta bounce her boy pussy on all of their c**ks before sucking them dry. I forgot to mention that she is also always in her chastity cage, rarely granted the pleasure of the release she’s clearly craving. I’m happy to report that today I was not feeling generous. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’ve sworn off masturbation and porn for five weeks – it’s a turn-on’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m exploring my kinky side after splitting from my vanilla ex’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m polyamorous – monogamy would be lonely for me’