This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Is your schedule for 2023 already block-booked with weddings? Us too. There are certain responsibilities when attending as a guest, but being a bridesmaid comes with its own set of challenges; the dress being a big one. Perhaps you’ve been given a colour to work with and find something suitable, or you’re a nearlywed yourself looking for inspiration for your bridal party. Either way, it can feel like there are so many options it’s hard to narrow it down. If you’re thinking green for your bridesmaids, the first step is to work out which shade. From forest to bottle and emerald to lime, there’s a wide spectrum of greens to choose from. Sage green is set to be a popular choice this year, with retailer SilkFred seeing a an 800% increase in the term ‘sage green bridesmaid dress’ this month alone. Head Stylist, Megan Watkins says: ‘Its subdued feel and neutral hue is perfect for earth-toned and natural wedding colour palettes and serves as a nod to nature and eco-conscious weddings, another trend that is set to be all the rage in 2023.’ However, you could always go for a more muted olive shade, or a marine-inspired teal or a striking peacock hue. From indie designers to high street staples, you’re spoiled for choice between midi, maxi, and mini options, with brands like Club L London and Lavish Alice creating pieces you’ll actually want to wear again. Even better still, we’ve rounded up our favourite choices to do the hard work for you. Once you’ve found your perfect bridesmaid dress, all you’ll need to worry about is getting to the church on time. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Just when you thought you’d seen it all at Paris Fashion Week, we give you the ‘upside-down gown’ MORE : The best red bridesmaid dresses to buy for 2023 weddings