Megan Fox has broken her silence a week after suggesting she and her fiance Machine Gun Kelly had called it quits. Fox, 36, posted a cryptic message about dishonesty earlier this month and cleared most photos of Kelly, 32, from her Instagram. The actress has now rubbished rumours a third party was involved in causing a rift between herself and her pop-punk rapper partner and asked for privacy. She shared a statement on Instagram on Sunday that read: ‘There has been no third party interference in this relationship of any kind. ‘That includes, but is not limited to……actual humans, DMs, Al bots or succubus demons.’ Fox went on: ‘While I do hate to rob you of running random baseless news stories that would have been much more accurately written by ChatGPT, you need to let this story die and leave all of these innocent people alone now.’ Fox has cleared all other photos from her feed and at the time of writing wasn’t following anyone. It comes after MGK’s guitarist rubbished claims she hooked up with the punk-pop rapper. Sophie Lloyd has played alongside Kelly since 2022, when she joined his Mainstream Sellout tour, but recently found herself at the centre of cheating rumours after Kelly’s fiancé hinted they’d broken up. Beneath Fox’s original post, one of her followers wrote: ‘He probably got with Sophie,’ seemingly in reference to the guitarist. Another person added: ‘They were flirting big time in the beginning when she first started playing with him.’ In fact, Fox herself even namedropped the guitarist, writing: ‘Maybe I got with Sophie.’ Lloyd’s team have since rubbished claims she was ever romantically involved with Kelly, telling Page Six: ‘Sophie Lloyd is a professional, accomplished musician who has been needlessly dragged into the media based off of meritless accusations made by social media.’ They went on: ‘Any suggestion that she has ever acted in an unprofessional manner or stepped out of her relationship are untrue. It’s disrespectful to her as a female artist and poor journalism and social commentary to be reporting anything else.’ The outlet also noted that Lloyd has been with her boyfriend Christopher Painter for more than five years. Rumours that Fox and Kelly had called it quits went into overdrive when the former posted a series of sizzling snaps of herself over the weekend, beneath which she wrote: ‘You can taste the dishonesty/ it’s all over your breath.’ Those are of course lyrics from Beyoncé’s song Pray You Catch Me, which is thought to be about her husband Jay Z’s alleged infidelity. Beneath the Transformers star’s post, one social media user wrote: ‘I think they finally broke up. pics are gone’ while another person echoed: ‘As much as two looked good together i’m glad it’s done you mental health has to come first and he wasn’t the best thing for that.’ Others added: ‘Bye MGK,’ ‘they finally broke up’ and ‘you were way too good for MGK anyways.’ Days after Fox’s post, the pair was seen leaving a counselling office in LA together. Metro.co.uk reached out to Fox, Kelly and Lloyd’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Florence Pugh’s new blunt fringe and show-stopping orange dress steal Baftas red carpet MORE : Anya Taylor-Joy rocks up to Baftas wearing magical caped look and people are in total awe  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 