Two men have been jailed over a car crash that left an eight-year-old boy dead. Kevin Jones, 36, and Thomas McGrath, 24, were driving their cars at more than double the speed limit along a road in Ashton-under-Lyme, Manchester, in July 2020. Jones’s black BMW hit the child, Safiullah Asif, as he crossed the road while playing with his brother and cousin. Safiullah died in hospital two days later. While Jones stopped his car after the incident, McGrath failed to stop his Volkswagen Polo. A Forensic Collision Reconstruction Report later showed Jones was speeding at around 50mph in the 20mph zone, while McGrath was travelling at an average speed of between 42 and 48mph. The Manchester Evening News reported that prosecutor Neil Fryman said: “Mr Jones could not have driven at the speed he did when he killed Safiullah without Mr McGrath doing the same speed just in front. ‘Had McGrath been driving sensibly then Mr Jones could not have reached the speed that he did behind McGrath.’ Both men were was jailed for four years eight months for causing death by dangerous driving. In an appearance Bolton Crown Court today, they were told they will also be disqualified from driving for five years upon their release from prison. The Sun quoted Safiullah’s father as saying: ‘Myself, my wife and our whole family are very grateful to the police and the Prosecution Service, who have worked hard to get this case to court, and for all the support we have received from our Family Liaison Officer. ‘I want to thank the witnesses who came forward and the community for being a great support. ‘I am content with the sentencing today. We have lost Safiullah and he will never come back but I am pleased that we have finally got some justice. ‘Please can we ask that our privacy is respected so we can grieve for the loss of our son.’ PC Adam Scott of the Specialist Operations Roads Policing Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: ‘First of all, our thoughts remain with the family of Safiullah Latif Asif, who grieve and miss their son every single day. ‘We are pleased with today’s result, and we hope that this goes some way to help Safiullah’s family, knowing that both Jones and McGrath are off the streets and cannot hurt anyone else. ‘This was an extremely serious road traffic collision, and we would urge everyone to adhere to speed limits and behave in a responsible way on the roads. ‘As this case has shown, standards of driving like this result in the loss of lives and in this case, a young boy’s life.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.