Love was in the air – or rather the ink – for Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez as they immortalised their feelings for one another by etching sweet matching messages onto their skin. The famous Hollywood couple revealed their new artwork in posts uploaded for Valentine’s Day on Tuesday, proving they were stronger than ever. Ben, 50, and Jennifer, 53, both showed off torso tattoos that nodded towards their relationship and commitment as husband and wife. Perhaps the most recent but certainly not the first, Bennifer joined a long line of celebs who cemented their affection for friends, lovers and co-stars in permanent ink. Let’s take a look at some of the best twinning tattoos in Tinsel Town… The power couple of the music world decided to symbolise their connection to one another by paying tribute to their lucky number four. Beyonce and her husband Jay Z opted for Roman numerals and both inked the design onto their fingers. The singer and her rapper beau were both born on the 4 day of the month and chose to get married on April 4 in 2008. She shared their matching tatts on Instagram in 2017. Posh and Becks spent their sixth wedding anniversary getting matching tattoos draw onto their skin. The couple – who have multiple tributes to their love in the form of tattoos – decided to ink the message: ‘I am my beloved’s and my beloved is mine,’ in Hebrew. David’s covered his left arm and Victoria’s ran from the base of her neck and along her spine. Supermodel Cara and her longtime friend Selena Gomez decided to commemorate their friendship in the shape of a pink rose tattoo. The pair visited a parlour in New York City and left sporting matching images – Cara’s on her ribcage and Selena’s on the back of her neck. Not the only pal she chose to get a friendship tattoo with, the model also has the same tatts as Jordan Dunn and Kaia Gerber. The loved-up husband and wife proved they were the better halves of one another with their sweet broken sentence tributes. Joe tatted part of a famous Toy Story quote on his inner wrist that read ‘to infinity’. Game of Throne’s Sophie followed suit and completed the line by inking ‘& beyond’ to her own wrist. The pair first sported the tattoos during their engagement in 2018. Another musical love story, the model and hitmaker teamed up to get their tattoos in honour of their children. Penned in cursive writing, John has ‘Chrissy, Luna, Miles’ on his forearm while Chrissy has ‘John, Luna, Miles’ in the same place. Pop sensation and Disney Channel superstar Hilary Duff chose bestie Alanna to get a friendship tattoo with. Close for almost two decades, the pair tatted ghosts with ‘ride or die’ scrawled across the bottom of the image in 2014. The cartoon-like picture featured on both women’s forearms. Celebrity cousins Hailey and Ireland strengthened their bond in 2015 when they got their family’s name inked on the inside of their fingers. Written in cursive font, both ladies permanently marked their middle fingers in honour of their wider connection and famous surname. Potentially a sore spot in 2023, exes and former spouses Liam and Miley got matching tattoos of part of a quote while they were together. It was the year 2012, the pop star and hunky actor were smitten for one another and wanted the world to see. Opting for some words of wisdom, they shared a quote by former US President Theodore Roosevelt – Liam’s read: ‘If he fails, at least fails while daring greatly,’ while Miley’s took over: ‘So that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who knew neither victory nor defeat.’ Former couple Pete and Ariana were fans of a matching tattoo as they regularly inked their love for each other on their bodies. Dedicating many tatts to his then girlfriend, Pete matched Ariana’s cloud finger tattoo and also copied the tattoo on the back of her neck that read ‘mille tendresse’. As a couple, they got the same hand tattoos – one saying ‘H2GKMO’ (meaning ‘honest to god knock me out’) and one that read ‘reborn’. The late daughter of Elvis Presley sported a matching foot tattoo to her late son Ben – who died aged 27. In July, Presley posted a sweet photo of the mother and son getting their ink ‘several years ago on Mother’s Day’. She penned at the time: ‘My son and I got these matching tattoos on our feet. ‘It’s a Celtic eternity knot. Symbolising that we will be connected eternally. We carefully picked it to represent our eternal love and our eternal bond.’ The star-studded cast of JRR Tolkein’s fantasy films have ‘nine’ tattooed in Elvish Tengwar script on various parts of each of their bodies. Showing off their stamps during a virtual reunion, Orlando Bloom, Elijah Wood, Dominic Monaghan, Billy Boyd, Viggo Mortensen, Ian McKellen, Sean Astin, and Sean Bean all bonded over their ink. Robert Downey Jr let slip five out of the six original Avengers got inked to remember their time together. It was revealed the group took a trip to the parlour, getting matching images of the Avengers logo to the group as per Scarlett Johansson’s suggestion. ‘The only person who doesn’t have it is Mark Ruffalo, because he’s lame, basically,’ the actress poked fun at her co-star on Late Night with Seth Meyers at the time. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyoncé goes to bed with her Grammys and dances with Jay Z in rare behind-the-scenes look at her historic night MORE : Joe Jonas asked wife and GoT star Sophie Turner for acting advice so he didn’t freeze on set 