Welcome to How I Do It, the series in which we give you a seven-day sneak peek into the sex life of a stranger. This week, we hear from Oxbridge-educated working professional and BDSM fan Penny*, who’s recently broken up with her vanilla ex and is living her best kinky life. ‘I was with my ex for the companionship,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘The sex life was very vanilla and fairly non-existent.’ She describes the split as ‘long overdue’, and says she could never go back to the way things were. ‘I frequently get told I appear too innocent for what I’m into,’ she adds, ‘but I’ve found many a similar person in the world of kink. ‘It’s not just sleazy men looking to live out their porn-inspired fantasies.’ While she’s not looking for anything serious right now, 30-year-old Penny, who lives in London, does prefer having a few regular partners on the go as she finds one-night-stands unrewarding. This week was a big one for firsts – her first sex party, first time taking part in group activities and first sexual experience with women… Warning: The following is, as you might imagine, not safe for work. After a week of insipid Hinge dates with far too many sexually repressed men, I have decided to ditch this app and focus solely on Feeld – an app that markets itself for the ‘open-minded’. I find the chat is infinitely better and everyone actually wants to meet in person. As a busy person, I don’t have the time to sit messaging for ages on dating apps only for it not to result in a date. The app can be a little overwhelming for women, though. Whilst I have thousands of likes and a lot of chats on the go, after talking to some of my male dates about their experiences, they seem to only get a few. Despite being too much at times, it is nice to be this desired. I spend the evening after work having the most delightful sexting conversations. It really turns me on, and I find it empowering knowing that what I say has this effect on men. I am tempted to invite someone over for the evening, but sadly I have an early start the next day. I have a first date scheduled for the evening. I prefer to meet fairly quickly with people I chat with to see if we actually click and if there is any sexual chemistry. Since going on online dates, I’ve come up with a new criteria potential partners need to meet: whether we have anything ‘non-kink’ to talk about. If I cannot hold a stimulating ‘normal’ conversation with you, I am probably not going to be that interested in you sexually. I find communication and openness is important for a good sexual relationship, particularly in a dominant/submissive dynamic. I usually lean toward being submissive, and you must be able to trust the other person to respect your boundaries when you are being that vulnerable. It’s been curious how many men on these dates solely want to talk about kink, and it is usually a warning sign that they are just looking for a one-night stand. This date goes well, and we head back to mine. I prefer to go back to my place, not only because I live alone, but also I feel safer there. We have previously discussed our sexual desires and interests, and it turns out that he has brought some spanking implements with him (just in case). I have a work event in the evening and one of the guys I have been messaging is in the same area at a different event, so we arrange to meet once both days have finished. After a few drinks, we leave the pub and head back to my flat. The night is amazing. I never liked receiving oral sex until the first person I slept with after my ex. I now absolutely love it and this guy is excellent! It’s all he wants to do all night after finding out how much I enjoy it. It’s interesting how much some people’s sexual pleasure is derived predominantly from their partner’s pleasure. I am working from home today with a quiet afternoon. Fortunately, one of my regular partners who conveniently lives nearby is also free and comes over for the afternoon. The sex is always amazing with him and I find it liberating how much he enjoys hearing about, and indulging in, my wild sexual desires. One of the guys I have been messaging is raving about Klub Verboten, a sex party he often frequents that’s on tomorrow night. I’ve never been to a sex party or event before, but I have always wanted to and now seems like a good time to explore them. With an unexpectedly free evening ahead tomorrow, after dinner plans get rearranged at the last minute, I find myself purchasing a ticket, and plan to go outfit shopping the next day. Tonight is the big night. I head on over alone, figuring that if I don’t enjoy myself, I can always leave. I have no plans to play at tonight’s event as it’s my first time; I just want to go and see what it is all about. As I am alone and new, I also go completely sober. Sadly, there was no time to go outfit shopping, so I wear some black lingerie instead. It felt weird to strip off in the changing rooms to just underwear, but everyone around me is in similar attire and fetish wear. The body positivity is inspiring – needless to say, very few of us resemble underwear models, and I immediately feel at ease. I enter the event and everyone is super friendly and welcoming. I am immediately adopted by several groups and had a fantastic time dancing and exploring the venue with them. Consent is super important here, and despite everyone being dressed in fetish wear and similar, there is no uninvited groping or leering like on a normal night out. It feels so nice to be in a club dancing and not getting your bum groped. The atmosphere is also just intoxicating, with the lighting, music and dungeon equipment. All of my plans not to play promptly disappear. In the playroom, I get invited to join several couples. We are kissing and touching, but I am just not feeling it, so I leave the various situations. I have never had a threesome or group sexual activity before, and it did not feel right with these couples. Back on the dance floor, I lock eyes with a guy, and we head to the playroom together. I am thrown onto a padded table. There are people moaning with pleasure all around me and it is so sexy. The sex with him is fantastic. At various points women asked to join in, solely wanting to make me orgasm and deriving such sexual pleasure from it. I adored being this desired and the fact that these incredibly attractive women only cared about me. This is also my first sexual experience with women and I find myself really enjoying it. Later on, a couple approaches me saying how much they enjoyed watching me. After checking with the guy I am with, I invited them in to join us, and it turned into a threesome with the other guy watching (they had a Stag and Vixen dynamic relationship). I love that whenever someone wanted to join in with a group or couple, it was the women who decided, with no pressure from the men. I had never thought of myself as an exhibitionist before, but knowing that people were watching me having sex and wanting to join in felt amazing. I left the event on a euphoric high. Since then, I have been completely converted to going to parties. I meet with some friends for the day and I find myself talking about last night’s antics, which they are enthralled by. Most of my female friends (none of whom are single) love hearing about the dating app stories, good and bad, and particularly enjoy seeing the more extreme and niche Feeld profiles I have encountered. After seeing friends again, I have a fifth date with someone I met online. We have been getting along really well, and I find him incredibly attractive. I eventually turn the conversation to sex over the glasses of wine, asking what he likes. He says that sex is not important to him and confesses that he generally has no sexual desires. This certainly explained why we had never drunkenly stumbled back to either of our flats before. Prior to my recent sexual awakening, this would not have been such an issue. But now that I’ve rediscovered the joy and fun that can be found in sex, I do not think I can go back to being in a relationship like the one I had with my ex. It made me realise that if I do settle into a long-term relationship again, I would want sex parties and exploration to be part of it. *Names have been changed. *Names have been changed. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m polyamorous – monogamy would be lonely for me’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m a lesbian and slept with a man at a sex party – it was life-changing’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m single at 52 – it’s like my sex life has been born again’