Jurgen Klopp was lost for words as Liverpool crumbled to a 3-0 defeat at Wolverhampton Wanderers on Saturday. The Reds found themselves 2-0 down within 12 minutes at Molineux thanks to an own goal from Joel Matip and a debut goal from Wolves defender Craig Dawson. Ruben Neves added a third late on to compound Liverpool to a fourth defeat in seven games and leave them without a league win in 2023. They are enduring by far their worst season since Klopp took over at Anfield, having been knocked out of both domestic cups and currently 10th in the table, 13 points off the top four. The German manager cut a distraught figure after the game, repeatedly saying that he could not explain what has happened to his team that just last season almost won a quadruple of trophies. ‘Obviously it was a horrible start. Two goals which cannot happen like that. But it happened and we were 2-0 down because of our own fault,’ Klopp told Premier League Productions. ‘We should have defended better. We were passive in that period. I cannot explain it. There is no excuse for it. ‘You’re 2-0 down, the crowd is there but it opens up and we get some control. Then for about 45 minutes we play a good away game without scoring. That sums it up pretty much. ‘Concentration for the first 15 minutes. Again, I cannot explain. But these 15 minutes cannot be allowed. It needs to change. That’s the thing. I stand here again and for the first 15 minutes I have no explanation, I’m sorry. ‘In the end we lost 3-0 because the goal in the second half was perhaps the first time they crossed the halfway line. But it’s right because when you start like this you don’t deserve anything in a Premier League game.’ The fixtures don’t get any easier for Liverpool who will take on Newcastle, Manchester United and Real Madrid over the next month. But before them, they host local rivals Everton who are on a high after beating league leaders Arsenal on Saturday in Sean Dyche’s first game in charge. ‘We have to change it immediately in the next game. Everton won today and they are in a good moment so we have to prove a point again,’ Klopp added. ‘For the moment, I’m so disappointed and angry about the first 15 minutes, I can’t find the words for it. Then we have chances we should score. ‘It could have been 2-1 and that would have changed everything I’m sure. Wolves deserve the three points. How long do we want to suffer?’ MORE : Mikel Arteta tells Arsenal players he ‘loves them’ after shock defeat to Everton MORE : Graham Potter responds to Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola’s complaints about Chelsea’s spending For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 