Harry Kane has overtaken Jimmy Greaves to become Tottenham’s all-time top scorer with his 267th goal for the club. The England captain reached the landmark with the only goal in Sunday’s Premier League match against Manchester City. Kane’s strike was also his 200th goal in the Premier League as he chases former England striker Alan Shearer’s all-time record of 260. He said: ‘It’s hard to put into words and I’m so glad it came in a win. ‘We worked so hard to keep a clean sheet. It was so special to do it in front of the fans. There has been so much talk about it in the last couple of weeks and to do it in such a big game is even more special. ‘It is a great feeling. When I started playing regularly it wasn’t even in my imagination to score 200 Premier League goals and I have a few more years left so hopefully there are more to come. ‘[Jimmy Greaves] is a complete hero, one of the best strikers to play the game so to be in that conversation is special. And to overtake him is a huge moment for me.’ Greaves scored 266 goals in 379 appearances for Tottenham between 1961 and 1970. Kane surpassed the England World Cup winner in his 417th appearance for Spurs, having made his Tottenham debut in 2011. ‘Harry Kane is pure gold,’ former Manchester United defender Gary Neville said on Sky Sports. ‘That man has created history at this club.’ Ex-Premier League striker Glenn Murray added on BBC Radio 5 Live: ‘What a moment for Harry Kane and these Tottenham fans. To be able to do it at his home stadium in front of all of these people here. ‘A special moment that he will never ever forget, to be the all time leading scorer at Tottenham Hotspur. You could see he was waving to his family’s box. ‘He’s done it now and it’s time to really streak ahead and make that record his own.’ Kane is the third player to score 200 goals in the Premier League after Shearer and Wayne Rooney. The 29-year-old reached the landmark in fewer games than the former strikers, with his tally coming from 304 games. Kane joined Tottenham’s academy at the age of 11 and has remained at Spurs ever since despite speculation linking him with Manchester United. Prolific for country as well as club, Kane is England’s joint-leading goalscorer with Manchester United legend Rooney. He currently has 53 goals in 80 caps. Kane is enjoying another productive season in north London, scoring 19 goals in all competitions. Tottenham were fifth in the Premier League before the Manchester City match. MORE : Liverpool need multiple signings but must keep Jurgen Klopp - Jamie Carragher MORE : Why Pep Guardiola benched Kevin de Bruyne for Tottenham v Man City For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.