Judi Love has revealed she would never pull a stunt like Joe Lycett, who pretended to destroy £10,000 in protest against David Beckham’s involvement with the 2022 Qatar World Cup. Joe urged the footballer to step back from his reported multi-million pound deal with Qatar, which has harsh laws against homosexuality and other human rights abuses, and when David didn’t respond Joe posted a video of himself shredding the money. But after sparking a major conversation and some backlash, Joe revealed the money in the shredder was fake and he had donated the sum to LGBTQ+ charities – what he had shredded instead was David’s iconic cover shoot for GQ magazine. The stunt since went on to gain even more recognition and applause, and nominated Joe for awards. But it’s not something Judi is keen on. ‘Try to waste money? No,’ Judi replied, when asked if she would pull a stunt like his to spark social change. Talking about pulling a stunt that may spark some conversation or force social change, she continued: ‘I think it’s a stunt getting up on stage everyday, so to all the comedians, they’re doing their bits, keep doing that.’ ‘Whatever I feel like in my arena helps, like Joe that was in his arena, what he did was great for his arena, so for me if I could do something that other people are like, “Oh my god I’m not doing that,” then yeah, I will always try and do something,’ she added. Talking about comedy driving social change, Judi elsewhere said: ‘I think comedy is definitely a good thing, because it allows people to talk from their own lived experience and I think it allows people to hear about different backgrounds, in the same sense of also making people comfortable because you can laugh through adversity or topics that are a little bit difficult.’ Elsewhere, Katherine Ryan gushed over Joe Lycett and his work to inspire social change through comedy, for which the comedian won the comedy game changer award. ‘It’s very difficult to achieve it in such a meaningful, nuanced way like he has,’ Katherine said, of Joe using comedy for social change. ‘Comedians tell the truth, and politicians tell lies, so if people just remember that and holding comedians to higher standards than politicians for what they say, the world could be a much better place. ‘Comedians are joking a lot of the time, and when we’re being sincere we’re usually being very kind and generous.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Corrie stars Katherine Kelly and David Neilson (aka Becky and Roy) reunite and fans’ hearts have melted MORE : Judi Love brings chaos to Loose Women with graphic story of watching her childbirth video with mother-in-law 