Katie Price enjoyed a balmy Thailand evening with her youngest two children on Thursday. The star held Bunny, eight, and nine-year-old Jett’s hands as she took them out for a bite to eat in a head-turning, all-white outfit. Doting mum Katie, 44, teamed an off the shoulder crop top with a pair of breezy linen trousers and box-fresh white kicks. Katie made sure her impressive torso inking was on full display and both Bunny and Jett looked to be having a blast. The TV personality looked typically glam when she stepped out towards the end of week and wore her glossy tresses dead straight and loose. Katie’s thought to be in Thailand with her on-off fiancé Carl Woods, despite the duo dramatically splitting in November after Carl claimed the I’m A Celebrity star admitted to cheating on him. Soon after, mum-of-five Katie said things were back on, with car dealer Carl moving back into her family home, also known as Mucky Mansion. But speaking to OK! earlier this month, Katie confessed she ‘like[s] being on [her] own’, loves her ‘own space’ and batted the doubters back as she warned not to underestimate her willpower. ‘I’m just enjoying time with the kids and I want to throw myself into work,’ she said. ‘I’m in the right headspace and I will never, ever go back to my low point. I’m going to shock everyone.’ ‘I’m going to turn everything around and just be bigger and better than ever. Watch this space. And never underestimate the Pricey.’ Katie shares her youngest two children, Jett and Bunny, with ex Kieran Hayler, and her 17-year-old son Junior, and daughter Princess, 15, with Peter Andre. Harvey, 20, is the My Crazy Life star’s eldest son and has Prader-Willi Syndrome, so lives between the mansion and a residential home. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna’s brother Anthony Ciccone dies aged 66 MORE : Brenda Edwards slams troll blasting all-Black Loose Women panel: ‘Why is it always a big deal?’ 