There is a Sun and Saturn merger today which could have a dramatic impact on your star sign. Feeling stuck, Aries? The merger could find you in an impossible situation that you’re powerless to influence. This is a temporary tie though, so try not to take it too seriously. For Virgo, the clunky Sun/Saturn tie, suggests there may be a spanner in the works that prevents you from making progress. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for February 16, 2023. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Feeling stuck? The Sun/Saturn merger could find you in an impossible situation that you’re powerless to influence. This is a temporary tie though, so try not to take it too seriously. You may feel a pinch today, but gradually this issue will ease and melt away. Whatever constrictions you face, take them in good spirit. They are not meant to last, just to highlight an inconvenience. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Desires can materialize, if you’re willing to do something. You may wonder if you should be proactive or whether your idea is best put on the backburner. You can have it if you want it, but it might take a lot of planning and persistence. If you’re willing to put in some long hours initially, then you’ll build momentum, and it could be yours sooner rather than later, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Fretting over a temporary delay? It may seem that things couldn’t get any worse Gemini, especially if there’s no movement anywhere. And yet if you’re serious about enjoying the day ahead, accept the challenge and relish being the one to resolve it. Plus, since Mars has been in your sign for quite some time, you’ve made many discoveries. One may tower above the rest. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Ready for a promising get-together? By contrast, a formal event looks to be rather too mundane. Both events give texture and richness to the day, so try to keep an open mind. You could be bored by what you thought would be fun and delighted by an encounter that makes an official gathering the best you’ve enjoyed in a while. Drop your expectations and see what happens. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Someone ignoring you? Take heart Leo, as this won’t last. You may feel hurt by their attitude, but it could be down to a misunderstanding. You’ll have a much better day if you invest your energy into something that leaves you feeling good. On the plus side, planning a holiday or new adventure and putting your ideas into motion, could brighten the hours ahead considerably. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Much as you thrive on things going to plan, this is a time when they may not. The clunky Sun/Saturn tie, suggests there may be a spanner in the works that prevents you from making progress. You will find it easier to focus though, so if one thing is going wrong, switch to something where you’ll see results for all the effort you put in. It could make your day. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Creative activities can be therapeutic, if you’ve had a lot to deal with recently. You might find that pouring your heart into art, crafts, music or sport, seems to shift emotional blocks. The more you can indulge this side of yourself, the happier you’ll be. This could be a good time to promote a skill or talent, if you can get over feelings of insecurity about what others might say, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Your confidence could do with a boost, especially if you’re entertaining or have other events on and don’t feel prepared. The Sun’s tie with Saturn, could make it hard to be natural and to let yourself flow. It may be because you really want to impress and don’t think you will. Ultimately, it’s down to worrying what other people will think, and this you have no control over, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A tie between the Sun and Saturn suggests pressure to make a decision. You could so easily overthink this Archer, rather than trusting your instincts. Further research could give you too many options and tie your mind in knots. Put your attention elsewhere, even if it means watching TV or playing sport. The less you wrestle with it, the more likely it is you’ll make the best choice. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The coming days and weeks can see you taking stock of what you own, and making decisions about what to do with unwanted items. Today’s line-up could see you being ruthless. If you can sell some things for a good price, you might get hooked and make quite a bit of money on the side. You may also see areas where you can pare back expenses, giving you more leeway. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Don’t push yourself too hard, Aquarius. The Sun’s tie with Saturn in your sign, could mean vitality dips and you might not feel like rushing around. If you can simplify your schedule, do it, as it will make things easier for a day or two. It may be that your body is craving rest, and that listening to it will leave you feeling better. Don’t have time? Be good to yourself this weekend. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The Sun’s tie with prudent Saturn in a spiritual zone, can find you zeroing in on issues that have been a cause of angst. Could it be time to get help from a therapist, counsellor or mentor to sort them out? You may find talking things over is awkward at first, but also a relief, Pisces. As things slowly unravel, insights will occur, and you’ll move towards a greater sense of freedom. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for February 12 to February 18 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of February 2023 MORE : Venus in Pisces urges you to be wise in love – your star sign’s tarot horoscope