The wife of Joe Westerman has said she felt ‘physically sick’ after she saw a video of him performing a ‘sex act’ on another woman in an alley. Lauren Westerman, 33, said she was ‘glad’ she had seen the video before kissing him again. The Castleford Tigers player, 33, became embroiled in scandal after a video on Twitter showed him performing the act on another woman down an alleyway. The dad-of-three was forced to make a public apology after his wife confirmed she was not the woman in the video. The woman filmed is a friend’s partner, it has been claimed. Mrs Westerman told The Sun: ‘There are absolutely no excuses for what he’s done, not just to me but to our children and wider family. ‘I went on to Twitter and saw it had been deleted and deleted loads of times and then about half an hour later it was posted. ‘I just felt physically sick.’ She added: ‘Truth is, he only told me because it was on social media. ‘But I’m glad it was found because the thought of kissing him after that just makes me feel sick.’ Ms Westerman said that Mr Westerman had confessed to his actions the following day after he had been caught with the blonde estate agent following a day-long drinking session. He later made a grovelling public apology to his family and friends after the graphic video went viral on Twitter. Speaking about the woman in the video, Ms Westerman said: ‘It’s the children I feel for. Our children and her children. ‘She’ll never live it down. She’s lost her job and there are memes of her sweeping the internet, her children are going to see that.’ She said that her marriage to Joe is ‘one trillion per cent finished’ and that she has been left ‘numb’ over the incident. The pair got married in 2014 and share three children together. It’s believed Joe has also been shunned by his so-called best friend who he has known for many years. In response to the incident, the 33-year-old was issued with a ‘substantial fine’ by the club. Earlier this week On Twitter Lauren confirmed the following: ‘Can I make this VERY clear that this is NOT me!!!!!! We have three children one of whom is almost 15 and she doesn’t need to see things like this all over social media!’ Westerman’s full apology was issued through the club and reads as follows: ‘Firstly, I would like to take this opportunity to wholeheartedly apologise to my family and friends for my actions. ‘I’d also like to apologise to the supporters, sponsors, staff, and directors of Castleford Tigers as well as my teammates. ‘I’d like to extend this apology to the game of rugby league, and I have realised that I need to work on my decision-making around alcohol.’ Castleford Tigers said: ‘The club and its welfare officers, in conjunction with Rugby League Cares, will continue to support Joe and his family throughout this difficult time and will make no further comment.’ Westerman started his career with the Castleford Tigers in 2007 until 2011 before returning to his old club in 2022. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.