We have our Brighton Pride headliners, people, with Black Eyed Peas set to take to the stage. This year’s festival boasts a starry line-up, taking place on August 5 and 6 this year. Black Eyed Peas will perform at a packed Preston Park, set to delight music lovers with hits including I’ve Gotta Feeling and Where Is The Love? That’s not all, as Steps (yes, Steps!) will also perform a UK-exclusive show. Spice Girl Melanie C will perform, as well as multi-platinum artist Zara Larsson. As well as the headliners, there’ll be plenty of action from a range of other music acts, with organisers confirming there’ll be over 100 LGBTQ+ artists. Other performers shall include Jax Jones, B*Witched, Mae Muller, The Vivienne, Harley Moon Kemp, and Bellah Mae. Other Brighton Pride headliners have included Christina Auguilera who helmed last year’s event, as well as past performers Britney Spears and Kylie Minogue. However, following the big announcement of this year’s acts, the internet is divided. ‘I am confusion’, one person tweeted, while another had doubts about Black Eyed Peas allyship: ‘So. The Black Eyed Peas, a band that played at the Qatar World Cup, a country which openly discriminates against LGBTQ+ people, are headlining @PrideBrighton. Seriously? What great allies to the community. What a disappointment’, they blasted. ‘Not a single serve’, another blasted, given that rumoured headliners for 2023 previously included Rihanna and Miley Cyrus. ‘Black Eyed Peas headlining (without Fergie) is the most random booking’, one individual wrote, given that the group’s promo picture for the event does not, in fact, include the singer. Another tweeted: ‘BLACK EYED PEAS WITHOUT FERGIE is headlining Brighton Pride?’ However, people are definitely thrilled with one choice, and have questioned why Lush Life hitmaker Zara isn’t in the top spot. One person tweeted: ‘black eyed peas aren’t exactly gay icons and zara could easilyyy headline’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gigi Hadid braves New York chill with striking side-split skirt ahead of Good Morning America appearance MORE : UB40 ’emotional’ after visiting primary school in Birmingham where their music is actually part of the curriculum 