Beyonce and Jay Z truly let their guard down, perhaps for the first time, by sharing a very public kiss at the Grammys – but it never aired. The Crazy In Love couple are notoriously private, famously taking months – maybe even years – to confirm they were even married, while also mostly keeping their family life with their three children, Blue Ivy, Rumi and Sir, under wraps. It was only with the release of her 2016 album Lemonade that we got a glimpse into their marital struggles, with Beyonce revealing Jay Z had cheated on her. Well, the couple couldn’t be more loved-up now and they gave the Grammys audience a rare PDA during one of the biggest moments of Beyonce’s career. By now, most have seen the clip of James Corden announcing the Single Ladies hitmaker as winner of the dance/electronic category for her single Break My Soul. He also confirmed that she had broken the record for the most-awarded artist in Grammy history with 32 gongs to her name. By now, most have seen the clip of James Corden announcing the Single Ladies hitmaker as winner of the dance/electronic recording for Break My Soul. He also confirmed she had broken a record and become the most-awarded artist in Grammy history with 32 awards – four of which she won this year. The camera then pans to Beyonce’s reaction as she looked completely overwhelmed with her achievement and fought back tears. She then walked up to husband Jay Z and reached her arms out towards his face, but the camera suddenly cut to the wider audience. Our suspicions told us the singer likely went in for a kiss and, well, we were right after all as an eagle-eyed fan managed to catch the sneaky moment Beyonce, 41, and Jay Z, 53, stole a kiss from each other in full glare of the room. A fan shared footage of the sweet moment on Twitter, and it appears to have been included in a highlights reel during the credits. It’s the first time in years that the couple have been seen showing PDA with each other, but they have puckered up at the Grammys in the past. The music icons were performing their monster collaboration Drunk In Love in 2014, and shared a kiss at the end of their steamy set. Beyonce may have broken records at this year’s Grammys, but she also suffered disappointment after missing out on the album of the year award for Renaissance to Harry Styles. Jay Z has since defended his wife and argued she deserved to win for the ‘creativity’ of Renaissance, which is inspired by the house music pioneered by the queer scene. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyoncé Renaissance tour tickets officially on sale but fans ‘sickened’ by massive queue lengths – as fifth London date added MORE : Beyonce Renaissance tour: How to get tickets and when do they go on sale?  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 