Police have launched an investigation following the deaths of a brother and sister at an apartment in Belfast. The deaths occurred at a property in the Annadale Crescent area on Saturday, police said. Local media have reported that twins Stevie, and Claire O’Neill, 37, were found dead at the house. Police said two other males – also found in the property when paramedics arrived – were rushed to hospital. The twins are said to have died following a ‘drugs overdose’ according to neighbours. Police could not confirm any drugs link to the deaths but one relative of the twins told the Sunday World: ‘This is an epidemic and what happened here yesterday is truly heartbreaking.’ And she also said she was unable to reveal any information regarding the condition of the males who were taken to hospital. ‘As a family, we’re not prepared to say anything about that,’ she added. Mother-of-three Claire was well-known in the Annadale Crescent area, where she lived with her five-year-old son. It is believed her brother Stevie, a father of one and from the Ormeau Road area, had called to visit his twin sister on Friday evening. Police have yet to confirm the cause of death, but local people who knew the O’Neill twins well are convinced they died as a result of a drugs overdose. A neighbour told the Sunday Sun: ‘Claire had been doing well. She had gone through a bad patch with drugs. But she was attending courses and was getting her life back on track — and now this. She added: ‘Four children have been left without a parent as a result of this. It is really heartbreaking.’ A fitness fanatic, Stevie O’Neill had recently signed up for a 56-mile challenge to raise money for cancer research. ‘The twins were the life and soul of the entire O’Neill family. And Stevie was raising money for cancer,’ a family member said. ‘Everyone loved the twins and we all thought the world of them. They were so popular.’ A man in his 40s was arrested following the deaths. He has since been released on police bail while further inquiries are carried out. A PSNI spokesperson said no further details about the deaths are being issued at this time. Later on Sunday, they said a post-mortem examination had taken place and the deaths are not being treated as suspicious at this time. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.