Paris Hilton thought she was asexual before meeting her husband. The socialite and reality TV star, 41, married Carter Reum, 42, in November 2021. Paris and Carter then sent fans into meltdown at the start of 2023, when they confirmed that they had become parents for the first time via a surrogate. However, Paris’ road to love and happiness hasn’t been such smooth sailing. In fact, prior to becoming romantically involved with the venture capitalist, she thought she identified as asexual, which is defined as when someone doesn’t experience sexual attraction and/or doesn’t desire sexual contact. An asexual person can be straight, gay, bisexual, or queer because sexual attraction is only one kind of attraction. On how she thought of herself privately in her twenties, Paris opened up to Harpers Bazaar about her awful past experiences, including a male teacher grooming her in middle school. She went on to become romantically linked to a different celebrity each week, and had a sex tape released against her will in 2004. ‘I was known as a sex symbol, but anything sexual terrified me,’ she said. ‘I called myself the “kissing bandit” because I only liked to make out. A lot of my relationships didn’t work out because of that.’ On the newfound trust and connection with her husband, she added: ‘It wasn’t until Carter that I finally am not that way.’ ‘I enjoy hooking up with my husband,’ she added with a laugh. Paris and Carter fell in love quickly and moved in together during the pandemic, before going on to document their wedding journey for Peacock series Paris in Love. ‘I just feel like after all the hell I’ve been through, I’m finally getting what I deserve, which is someone I can trust and someone to build a real life with,’ Paris said. On her new chapter as a mother, she also believes having a child has forced her to slow down and not be so focussed on building her empire. ‘I’m more interested in babies than billions,’ she declared. But, she’s also keen to protect her little boy from the world, having disguised herself with a brunette wig and using a pseudonym when checking into the hospital when her baby was born. ‘My entire life has been so public,’ she said. ‘I’ve never had anything for myself. We decided that we wanted to have this whole experience to ourselves.’ ‘I want to protect him and to be with him every second,’ she added, referring to a ‘mother instinct’ which now makes her feel ‘complete.’ In turn, she’s received a wealth of support from fans after speaking about her experiences with Provo Canyon School, a lockdown facility where she was sent as a teen. She said people would often ask her for selfies and long for her to say her catchphrase to them, ‘That’s hot.’ Now? ‘It’s always something about “I love what you’re doing for children.” Or “I went through the same thing”,’ she said. Paris also reckons hearing the stories of fellow survivors have been ‘some of the most gratifying moments in my life.’ ‘It’s a good feeling to be real,’ she stated. ‘To not feel like some cartoon character all the time. It’s a really good feeling.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Billie Eilish ‘visited by concerned police officers for wellness check’ after bizarre ‘prank’ MORE : Bruce Willis showered with love by famous fans including Aaron Paul and Selma Blair following frontotemporal dementia diagnosis  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 