We’ve seen some whacky London living solutions emerge as rent continues to rise in the capital. But one man has taken it upon himself to try something quite different – living in a converted skip. Harrison Marshall, 28, moved into his unconventional new digs and plans to live there for a whole year. Mr Marshall’s home, which is in Bermondsey, south east London, is made of a standard eight-yard skip with an insulated timber frame and a barrel roof. It also has access to a portable toilet – but he’ll have to shower at work or the gym. He soon hopes to be connected to a power source that will enable him to use a heater and a cooker. The skip has been provided for a nominal rate of £50 a month and the initial build-cost was £4,000. Mr Marshall says his decision to live in a skip is ‘not intended to be a solution to the rising cost of living’. Instead, he wants to get Londoners talking about the cost of living crisis in the capital. The artist said: ‘I don’t expect other people to pursue this or replicate it, it’s very hard to replicate. ‘So, really, it’s more of a statement and something which tackles or talks about the issue in a light-hearted way and highlights just how crazy it is to live in central London. ‘For me to live in this area, this was the only option for me to do that, which is just mad.’ The Skip House, as it’s known, is part of Skip Gallery, which is a public art initiative intended to create space and opportunity for emerging artists. Mr Marshall came up with the idea last year when he returned from a work trip. ‘When I came back to London I started the hunt for a room, and, obviously, within that timeframe, the prices had gone kind of crazy,’ he said. ‘People were getting hundreds of messages for a single room… it was at the point where if you weren’t willing to put your deposit down the same day as viewing it, you didn’t really stand a chance. ‘And so that’s when I started picking up the idea again, about is it actually possible to live in a skip?’ He sofa-surfed through the latter half of 2022 before getting confirmation the plans for the skip house could go ahead. He added: ‘I’ve had friends come over already, everyone wants to come and see the new place!’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.