Rihanna’s American Sign Language interpreter stole the show during Sunday night’s Super Bowl as she jammed out to the popstar’s tracks while translating for the deaf community. Justina Miles, 20, made history as the first female deaf woman to ever interpret the famous halftime show – and she didn’t disappoint. Taking over proceedings twice on the night, the ASL specialist signed Sheryl Lee Ralph’s moving rendition of Lift Every Voice and Sing in the preshow and the Umbrella hitmaker’s halftime performance. The professional caught the attention of audiences not only for her translations but also for her killer dance moves that rivalled that of RiRi herself. Videos of Justina quickly made the rounds and viewers were fast to commend the 20-year-old on her high-energy performance during the highly-anticipated sporting event. Underneath a clip of her signing to B**ch Better Have My Money, one fan penned: ‘She got the moves that Rihanna didn’t have.’ Another commented: ‘I know exactly what she singing and I don’t know sign language’. ‘Everyone say thanks to the amazing Deaf interpreter Justina Miles!’, was a fan’s reaction to the ASL interpreter’s performance. At a pre-show press conference on Thursday, Justina outlined the importance of the moment ‘to really bring that empowerment to millions and millions of Black deaf people all over the country who’ve never really seen that before. ‘I feel that is truly lifting every voice, even my voice.’ Sunday night’s Super Bowl saw the Philadelphia Eagles take on the Kansas City Chiefs at State Farm Stadium’s Glendale pitch in Arizona. During halftime, fans were kept entertained by a medley of Rihanna’s chart toppers as she lit up the field in an all-red boiler suit ensemble. Floating onto the makeshift stage, the 34-year-old began belting out Where Have You Been and treated viewers to 13 minutes of her best of tracks. Leaving her jumpsuit open to reveal her swollen belly, the star gave fans more than they bargained for with a surprising pregnancy announcement during her show. Despite speculation following the outfit hint, it wasn’t entirely clear on the night whether the artist was trying to send audiences a message. A rep has since confirmed to various media outlets that the singer is in fact expecting her second child with boyfriend A$AP Rocky. The couple already shares a little boy who they welcomed together last May. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez scolds Ben Affleck in Super Bowl Dunkin’ Donuts ad as actor gets new job MORE : A$AP Rocky cradles baby boy while cracking jokes with Jay Z at Super Bowl as Rihanna announces she’s pregnant again  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 