Beyonce became tearful as she made history on Sunday, becoming the most decorated artist at the Grammys. After being caught up in traffic earlier in the evening, the Cuff It musician appeared on stage to collect the award for best dance/electronic album for Renaissance. The trophy, the latest in her cabinet, took her total Grammy wins up to 32 – leapfrogging the previous holder of the record, conductor Georg Solti (you can take a look at the entire list of winners here). Making her way on the stage, in front of the star-studded audience at the Crypto.com Arena in LA, she offered a shout-out to her loved ones, including her late uncle Johnny, who she dedicated Renaissance to. She said through tears: ‘I’m trying not to be too emotional. I’m trying to just receive this night. ‘I want to thank God for protecting me, Thank you, God. I’d like to thank my uncle Johnny, who is not here but he is here in spirit. ‘I’d like to thank my parents, my father, my mother, for loving me and pushing me. I’d like to thank my beautiful husband, my beautiful three children who are at home, watching.” ‘I’d like to thank the queer community for your love, and for inventing the genre. God bless you. Thank you so much to the Grammys.’ Bey’s other wins on the night included best R&B song, for Cuff It, and best traditional R&B performance. However, she wasn’t on hand to pick up her first trophies of the night, as she happened to be stuck in LA traffic. ‘Beyonce is on her way,’ Trevor Noah told the baffled audience as Nile Rodgers and The-Dream appeared in her place. ‘The upside of hosting the Grammys in LA is that everyone can be here. ‘The downside of hosting the Grammys in LA is the traffic. ‘Beyonce is on her way.’ Hopefully, the streets will be well and truly cleared later this year when Bey kicks off her Renaissance World Tour. After keeping fans on their toes, the Single Ladies musician dropped the bombshell that she would be hitting the road for a string of performances, beginning things in Stockholm in May. She will be taking the party across Europe, including two dates in London, before returning to the US in July. The tour is slated to continue until the end of September, but we don’t doubt there could be some more new dates on the way… Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paris Hilton cosies up to husband Carter Reum on Grammys red carpet after secretly welcoming baby boy MORE : Sam Smith goes all out for Grammys red carpet in show-stopping outfit amid music video backlash  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 