Paul Wesley has filed for divorce from Ines de Ramon after five years together. The Vampire Diaries star, 40, announced in September last year that he and Ines were separating. Now the actor has submitted paperwork to officially end their three-year-marriage. Paul is not seeking spousal support in the divorce, filed under his real surname Wasilewski, and according to Us Weekly appears to be acting as his own attorney. Court documents show the divorce is being filed due to ‘irreconcilable differences,’ with the former couple’s assets to be determined at trial or by stipulation. Paul and Ines began dating in 2018, first making headlines when they were seen holding hands on the streets of New York City. They are believed to have secretly got married in 2019 when they began wearing rings on their wedding fingers, a theory seemingly confirmed by Paul when he began referring to Ines as his ‘wife.’ Since the separation in September, both have moved on to begin dating again. Paul has been linked to model Natalie Kuckinburg, while Ines has found a headline-grabbing relationship with actor Brad Pitt. The pair celebrated Brad’s 59th birthday together at the end of last year, and also jetted off to Cabo to bring in 2023 together. A spokesperson for Ines and Paul confirmed their split last September, insisting it was a ‘mutual’ decision. The spokesperson said simply: ‘They have separated. ‘The decision to separate is mutual and occurred five months ago. They request privacy at this time.’ Paul has been married previously, to TV actress Torrey DeVitto. The pair split in 2013. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brad Pitt ‘rings in New Year with girlfriend Ines de Ramon’ on swanky Mexico getaway MORE : Brad Pitt celebrates 59th birthday with rumoured new girlfriend Ines de Ramon, 30  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 