Pep Guardiola admits Erling Haaland is an injury doubt for Manchester City’s mouth-watering clash with Arsenal after the striker was subbed off at half-time against Aston Villa. Man City bounced back from last weekend’s defeat to Tottenham with a 3-1 victory over Unai Emery’s Villa on Sunday. The hosts raced into a 3-0 lead thanks to first-half goals from Rodri, Ilkay Gundogan and Riyad Mahrez, before Aston Villa striker Ollie Watkins scored a consolation goal on the hour mark. Haaland, who has netted 31 goals since joining Man City last summer, appeared to be struggling with a thigh problem after a collision with Villa goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez and was taken off at half-time. Asked if Haaland will be fit to face Arsenal, Guardiola said: ‘Right now I don’t know. We will have to see over the next few days. ‘He got a knock and was uncomfortable so at 3-0 up we didn’t want to take the risk. We will assess him and if he’s not ready we will play someone else. Hopefully he is ready.’ Guardiola will be keen to have Haaland at his disposal as Manchester City prepare to face Premier League title rivals Arsenal on Wednesday night. Despite only picking up one point from their last two games, Arsenal remain three points ahead of defending champions Man City with a game in hand. On the upcoming Premier League showdown, Guardiola said: ‘Arsenal have a game in hand. We will see after all the games when the Premier League is finished. ‘But we are going to London to try and get a win. When one team has made 50 points in the first leg it is because they are very good. we closed the gap today because the performance from the team was really really good.’ Manchester City midfielder Rodri added: ‘We have the chance to go top and to go there and show our personality and the team that we are. ‘They are playing at an incredible level and we have an incredible level too. It is going to be an incredible fight and an incredible battle and we have the chance to be on top of the table so that’s what we have to think.’ Arsenal have been the best team in England this season but Mikel Arteta’s side have suffered a slight wobble, losing to Everton last weekend and dropping two points at home to Brentford on Saturday. MORE : Michael Owen rates Manchester United’s chances of catching Arsenal MORE : Mikel Arteta urged to drop Arsenal star for Manchester City clash For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 