An old letter written by King Charles to his ‘ill Granny’ has been unearthed in a loft. Handwritten on Buckingham Palace notepaper, it is dated March 15, 1955, when the monarch was aged just six. ‘Dear Granny, I am sorry that you are ill. I hope you will be better soon,’ the note addressed to the Queen Mother reads. On the back, her grandson wrote, ‘Lots of love from Charles’, signing off with 14 ‘x’ kisses and colourful doodles. This unlikely treasure from the Royal Family had been ‘gathering dust’ for decades at a house near Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire. It was finally discovered during a Christmas clear-out by a couple who really had no idea the letter existed. The note from the future King was in a folder along with other royal letters, which had been lying in a cardboard box for more than 40 years. Another surprising find was a rare copy of the Queen’s Christmas speech from 1956. The collection is set to go under the hammer at Hansons Auctioneers next month, likely to fetch thousands of pounds. The seller, a 49-year-old farm manager, found the material when looking through a box left to them by their mum ‘It originally belonged to my late grandad Roland Stockdale,’ they said. ‘It contained lots of royal memorabilia, including a letter from Prince Charles to his grandmother. ‘My wife said “wow, look at that”. We were pretty gobsmacked but we were not sure whether anyone would be interested in it. ‘My grandad passed away in his 70s in 1983 and the folder was inherited by my dad, who subsequently passed it to my mum over 10 years ago. ‘She never had chance to look through it and gave it to my wife and I. Finally, at Christmas we had a bit of time to look through my grandad’s folder. ‘The royal memorabilia was a surprise but there is a simple explanation. ‘My grandad, originally a farm worker from Carlisle, moved to London to find work and got a job with the Metropolitan Police. ‘He went on to work for the Queen’s personal protection force during the 1950s. ‘The file includes pictures of him in the Information Room in Scotland Yard in 1952. ‘I was told he was originally involved in helping to protect the Queen Mother but he probably worked with several royals over time.’ Roland worked with William Tallon, or ‘Backstairs Billy’, the Queen Mother’s servant whose letters were also found in the loft. Auctioneer Charles Hanson described the finds as ‘remarkable’, even when not considering they were hidden for decades. The letter from Charles has an estimate £2,000-£3,000. Meanwhile, the Queen’s Christmas Day Speech, is expected to fetch £100-£200. Other items include three gift tags signed by the Queen and Prince Philip, circa 1960, £300-£500; a note card inscribed and signed by the Queen Mother, £100-£150, and two letters by Backstairs Billy worth £50-£80. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.