Euphoria star Chloe Cherry has been accused of stealing a $28 (£22.89) blouse from a shopping centre in her hometown. The 25-year-old is best known for playing Faye, the girlfriend of Custer (Tyler Chase), a drug supplier who works with Fez (Angus Cloud), in the second season of the  Zendaya-lead teen drama. Earlier this month, the actress was charged with misdemeanour theft after an alleged incident at the Building Character shopping centre in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, according to legal documents obtained by People. A witness told TMZ Cherry took the $28  blouse into a dressing room before leaving without paying, despite paying for other items with a credit card, in December. According to the source, when police got involved, the OnlyFans model admitted she took the blouse and returned it to the officer, but her representative denied that happened. Her spokesperson said: ‘In December, there was confusion over a blouse that wasn’t properly charged to my client’s credit card. ‘In no way did she “admit” to taking the blouse, since that was not the case. This story seems to be more about a local store trading on a celebrity’s name more than anything else.’ Building Character owner Marty Hulse said the blouse was taken from the Jenny and the Clowder seller and Cheery was tracked using security cameras. He told local news outlet Lancaster Online, according to MailOnline: ‘Most times, when we find people who are shoplifting, we don’t find them in the act. ‘They’ll take the tag off of it and throw it somewhere. Then we see the tag, and we can find them on the camera and where it came from, and that’s exactly what happened. ‘I know it sound piddly, but when it comes down to it, we’re all small businesses. You’re stealing from your neighbours.’ Lancaster City Bureau of Police have yet to comment. Cherry is scheduled to go to court for a preliminary hearing on February 22. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Euphoria’s Chloe Cherry insists she felt safer working in the porn industry than as a waitress MORE : Sydney Sweeney finds it ‘disgusting’ that trolls have tagged her relatives in her nude scenes from Euphoria  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 