Paris Hilton has revealed her son’s name after welcoming her first child with husband Carter Reum. The Simple Life star dropped a bombshell last month, sharing she had become a mom and introduced a son via a surrogate. Taking to Instagram, the 42-year-old confirmed that they had named the little one Phoenix Barron Hilton Reum. In a new video post to promote her upcoming memoir, she said: ‘My beautiful baby boy’s name is Phoenix Barron Hilton Reum.’ Discussing where they got the inspiration for his moniker, she continued: ‘We plan to name him Phoenix, a name that I decided years ago. ‘When I was searching cities, countries and states on a map, looking for something to go with Paris and London. ‘Phoenix has a few good pop culture reference points, but more importantly it’s a bird that flames out and then rises from the ashes to fly again. ‘I want my son to grow up knowing that triumph and disaster go around and come around throughout our lives, and that this should give us great hope for the future. ‘Carter and I are so proud to welcome him into the world.’ Fans were living for the unique name and rushed to praise her choice in the comments section below. One replied: ‘Love it!!!! Beautiful name and it suits you so well!’ ‘What a beautiful and meaningful name “Phoenix”,’ another agreed. A follower penned: ‘Such a beautiful name with a beautiful meaning. I’m so happy for you.’ ‘Love the name Phoenix. You guys did a good one for him,’ an Instagram user said. As a commenter added: ‘Phoenix is the perfect name. Can’t wait to readette all [sic].’ Paris and Carter started dating in November, 2019, with the entrepreneur getting down on one knee just a few months later. They tied the knot in a lavish wedding in September, 2021, with a string of events celebrating their whirlwind relationship, and a star-studded guest list. The DJ sent fans into meltdown last month when she confirmed their new arrival on Instagram, in a surprise post on January 24. Beside an adorable picture of the little one gripping her thumb on Instagram, she simply captioned the post: ‘You are already loved beyond words.’ Speaking about motherhood to People Magazine, she said at the time: ’It’s always been my dream to be a mother and I’m so happy that Carter and I found each other. ‘We are so excited to start our family together and our hearts are exploding with love for our baby boy.’ In a recent chat with Harper’s Bazaar, she revealed her hopes to protect Phoenix from the spotlight, after living her life in front of the cameras. ‘My entire life has been so public,’ she added. ‘I’ve never had anything for myself. We decided that we wanted to have this whole experience to ourselves.’ ‘I want to protect him and to be with him every second,’ she added, referring to a ‘mother instinct’ which now makes her feel ‘complete’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nipsey Hussle’s killer Eric Holder sentenced to 60 years in prison for rapper’s murder MORE : WWE star Sonya Deville engaged to girlfriend Toni Cassano: ‘I never knew love could feel so happy and safe’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 