Are you someone who can’t decide which jewellery colour is best for you? Perhaps you layer up your necklaces in different metals, change preferences with each new trend, or deeply believe that your birthstone is your anointed shade. But it’s possible to find the metallic hue that complements you – it all comes down to your skin tone. Depending on what you go for, jewellery that suits your natural tone has the powerful ability to illuminate your skin, bringing out flecks of colour in your eyes and adding vibrancy to your hair colour. On the opposite end of the spectrum, an incompatible shade can wash you out and emphasis blemishes or dark circles. If you’re struggling to work out your signature, H. Samuel’s style experts have hot some top tips for matching colours to skin tone. It’s easier than you think. Most people either have cool-toned or warm-toned skin, and knowing which camp you fall into can be a big help when choosing makeup, clothing, and jewellery. To be clear, this doesn’t refer to how dark or pale your skin is; it’s about the undertone, which varies from person to person. One of the easiest ways to work this out is to employ the services of the humble white t-shirt and place it under your neck. If the white tee makes your skin tone pop, you likely have a warm toned skin. However, if a light pink shirt works better, you’re most probably a cool-toned person. You may also want to try the wrist method, which is easily done by shining a light over the veins here. If they seem green or yellow, you have a warm undertone, while blue or purple suggests a cool undertone. Can’t tell the difference? You most probably have a neutral undertone. The team at H. Samuel have a couple of other suggestions to really nail things down. Your eye colour can guide you towards your skin tone: hazel, brown or amber eyes suggest warm, while blue or green eyes point towards a cooler tone. As for your hair, you’ll need to compare against your natural colour, with most warm-toned people having caramel brown, rich brown, red, auburn, strawberry blonde or honey blonde locks. On the other hand, if you have white, blonde, ashy blonde, ashy brown, grey or black hair, you have cool undertones. Now you know what you’re working with, you can use this to your advantage when buying jewellery. Mostly warm undertones? Earthy and bright colours are your new best friend. Gold can make you glow too, along with rubies, garnets and emeralds. If you’re on the cooler side, purples, blues and pinks will look great on you – think amethysts, aquamarines and pink sapphires. On top of that, silver, platinum and white gold were made for you. However, If you don’t have a majority verdict, don’t worry – you likely have neutral-toned skin, which gives you a much wider range of colours to play with. These rules aren’t hard and fast (some people just look great in everything) but can help you narrow things down. After all, jewellery is an investment – you might as well go for pieces that make you sparkle. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Our favourite ‘clean girl’ jewellery buys for a touch of understated elegance with every outfit MORE : Pearl jewellery for men is having a moment MORE : Add a little sparkle to Christmas with these jewellery gift ideas