Pink’s daughter will be earning ‘minimum wage’ on her upcoming tour, the musician has revealed. The Just Give Me A Reason singer will be kicking her Trustfall world tour off in June in the UK, to celebrate her ninth studio album of the same name. She will be joined by her kids Willow and son James – who she shares with husband Carey Hart – for the concerts, with her eldest child getting a starring role in the proceedings. During an appearance on the Today show, she explained that the 11-year-old will be put to work, but she has a thing or two to learn when it comes to negotiation. ‘Willow has a job on tour,’ she told the hosts. ‘We just had to go over minimum wage and it’s different state to state. ‘I said it’s about $22.50 a show, depending how long I go, if I run over. ‘She goes, “I’ll take $20, it’s easier math.” I’m like “That’s not how you negotiate for yourself.” I’m like, “You’ll take $25 so it’s easier math.”’ When it was suggested that James, six, should try advocating for his sibling, she joked: ‘James is like, “I just want a lollipop and some attention!”’ The musician – real name Alecia Beth Moore Hart – is known for putting on an incredible show every night, and promised that her acrobatic skills would be continuing for her next stint on the road. ‘When you go and see Tina Turner and she’s 69 years old in Louboutins running all around that stage, sounding better than you ever have and dancing harder, you have no excuse,’ she continued. ‘I’m going to be 90 in a tutu, Tinkerbell flying through the air. Why wouldn’t I? It’s so much fun.’ Fair enough. Pink recently made headlines as she opened up about taking a break during the pandemic after years of constant work. However, she revealed that, while the time off was needed for her voice, it wasn’t ‘so good’ for her body. ‘Especially during Covid – I gained 36lbs,’ she told Variety. ‘All I did was make sourdough and then eat the sourdough. And then I had not just the hip surgery but double disc replacement in my neck. ‘Now I’m the bionic woman. I’ve lost those 36Ibs, and I am stronger than I’ve ever been in my life. And I’m ready to go, and I’m ready to get the hell out of here. ‘I’ve been home way too long.’ Thankfully, she also had an entire album – and now an entire tour – to keep her busy. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan’s ‘skin crawls’ over ‘cultural vandalism’ of Roald Dahl’s books being edited MORE : David Beckham catches pancake on his chest in flipping fail leaving wife Victoria creasing: ‘Tosser’  You can follow our new Snapchat show Pop Cultur’d, the go-to place for all things pop culture. Keep up with the latest Showbiz exclusives by following Metro Showbiz on Snapchat. And football fans can indulge in all the transfer gossip and more on Metro Football on Snapchat. 