Love Island star Tanya Manhenga was urged to apologise to her former love interest Martin Akinola after dumping him for Shaq Muhammad – and then proceeding to blow-up at him in front of the whole villa. Picking up after Tanya’s emotional speech for Shaq, Tuesday’s episode saw the lovebirds making up for lost time and sharing all the kisses while declaring their love for each other once again. After bringing Martin back from Casa Amor, Tanya later realised that her heart was still with Shaq and the two shared a sneaky smooch during the night. Tanya proceeded to tell Martin about this in front of all the islanders during her speech and it was the final nail in the coffin of betrayal. Promising to cause drama, Martin pulled Tanya for a chat and stated: ‘When I spoke to you, you didn’t tell me you were a liar.’ Naturally, Tanya didn’t appreciate being branded a liar and their chat went downhill from there. Martin then revealed that he knew all along about her secret kiss with Shaq, telling her: ‘I know the first time you went to the bathroom but I left it because Martin don’t cause drama. ‘But what the f**k.’ Martin walked away and told the other islanders he called Tanya a ‘liar’ and ‘insincere’, to which she hit back: ‘You’ve said your piece, yeah, you’re not going to call me a liar because you’re bitter.’ She added: ‘I didn’t tell you about the kiss, I didn’t have the opportunity, I am not a liar ‘If you’re upset about the way things were I apologise but I had to go with my heart.’ The islanders were later seen discussing the drama and most seemed to feel empathy for Martin’s plight, being betrayed, dumped and now single in the villa. Tom Clare said the next morning: ‘I love Tanya to bits but saying [she kissed Shaq] when that’s the first time you heard that, I don’t agree with that.’ Even Olivia Hawkins tried to get through to her friend and told Tanya on the terrace: ‘As your friend, I think you should definitely put your arm out [Martin] would appreciate that. He’s on his own and everyone’s in a couple. I definitely think that’s the right thing to do.’ Tanya then pulled Martin for a chat on the beanbags and said: ‘I just wanted to apologise. Sleeping on it, if I was Martin… I would think you’re a completely different person to the one I knew.’ Viewers were conflicted over the drama as one tweeted: ‘I see people are purposely missing the point. Whether you believed Tanya’s chemistry with Martin or not she still owed him some explanation before her queen’s speech in front of everybody.’ One argued: ‘Yall all calling Tanya a liar she just withheld the truth. She actually gave Martin a chance cuz she didn’t even speak to Shaq for 3 days basically so I don’t know what Martin is on. Tanya still weird tho.’ Weighing in on Tanya’s treatment of Martin, another viewer said: ‘Literally no one pulled Tanya up on her behaviour. Unbelievable! She’ll 100% let Shaq down again.’ One other commented: ‘Tanya saying she didn’t have a chance to tell Martin about the kiss but she told Jessie.’ Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island set for pure carnage as explosive Movie Night returns to expose Casa Amor secrets MORE : Love Island’s Casey O’Gorman thinks Claudia Fogarty’s head could turn after hinting he’s still pining over Lana Jenkins 